<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1263872_0001062993-16-012285_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2565937</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126640</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>195725</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>285526</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1338712</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>565458</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012285.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114135157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012285
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSAKT LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001263872
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50392
		FILM NUMBER:		161993404

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 8,3/F., WAH YIU INDUSTRIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		NO. 30-32 AU PUI WAN STREET
		CITY:			FO TAN, N.T.
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			999077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-60183248

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 8,3/F., WAH YIU INDUSTRIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		NO. 30-32 AU PUI WAN STREET
		CITY:			FO TAN, N.T.
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			999077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSAKT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030916

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012285.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

TransAKT Ltd.: Form 10-Q- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C.
20549   
   Form 10-Q    
 (Mark One)  
 [X]   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016
   
 or  
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from to __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number   000-50392    
    TRANSAKT LTD.     (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada    
       33-1221442     
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
      organization)  
     (IRS Employer Identification No.)

Unit 8,
      3/F., Wah Yiu Industrial Centre, 30-32 Au Pui Wan Street, Fo Tan, N.T.
      Hong Kong    
     N/A     
   
     (Address of principal executive offices)  
     (Zip Code)   
   
    852-52389111
    (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)
 
   N/A    (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  [X]
YES      [   ] NO  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). [X] YES      [   ] NO  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer    [   ]
     
     Accelerated
      filer                   
      [   ]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer     
      [   ]    (Do not check if a smaller reporting
      company)  
     Smaller reporting company  [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act  [  ]
YES      [X] NO  
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY
   PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS   
 Check whether the registrant has filed all documents and
reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
after the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. [   ]
YES      [   ] NO  
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  
   30,672,387 common shares issued and outstanding as of
November 14, 2016    
 1  

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  Item 1. Financial Statement   
 Our unaudited interim financial statements for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 form part of this quarterly report. They are stated in
United States Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles. These interim unaudited financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the company s audited financial
statements and the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
   TRANSAKT LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES    CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
  CONTENTS   

Page    
   
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets    
       F-1     

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations    
       F-2     

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
       F-3     

Notes
      to Financial Statements      
       F-4   F-13  

TRANSAKT LTD.    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS   
 
 *The issued common stock and additional paid-in capital were
retroactively restated to reflect the 20 to 1 reversed stock split effective on
June 23, 2016.  
 F-1  

TRANSAKT LTD.    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS   FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015
(UNAUDITED)   
 
 *The issued common stock and additional paid-in capital were
retroactively restated to reflect the 20 to 1 reversed stock split effective on
June 23, 2016.    
 F-2  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
   FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial
statements    
 F-3  

TRANSAKT LTD.    NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
  NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES   
  Basis of Presentation  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial reporting and in
accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.
Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required
by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.
In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements contained in this report reflect all adjustments that are normal and
recurring in nature and considered necessary for a fair presentation of the
financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods
presented. The year-end condensed balance sheet data was derived from audited
financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The
results of operations for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of
the results expected for the full year. These unaudited, condensed consolidated
financial statements, footnote disclosures and other information should be read
in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included in
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. 
  Organization  
 TransAKT Ltd. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws
of the Province of Alberta on June 3, 1997. The Company completed the
acquisition of Green Point Resources Inc. on October 18, 2000 whereby it became
a publicly traded company listed on the Canadian Venture Exchange. In 2004 the
Company voluntarily delisted from the TSX Venture Exchange and retained a
listing on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board in the United States.  
 In October 2004 the Company purchased certain assets of IP
Mental Inc., a Taiwan based Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) company. The
company name was changed from TransAKT Corp. to TransAKT Ltd. on September 29,
2006. The Company designs and develops Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP )
solutions and mobile payment terminals for the consumer electronics industry.
 
 On November 15, 2006 TransAKT Ltd and the shareholders of
Taiwan Harlee International Co. Ltd. (HTT), entered into a Share Exchange
Agreement in which TransAKT Ltd. acquired 100% of Taiwan Harlee International
Co. Ltd. s outstanding common stock. HTT was incorporated under the laws of
Republic of China in 1985. HTT is engaged in designing, manufacturing and
distribution of Taiwan telecommunications equipment. The acquisition has been
accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the purchase method of accounting.
Accordingly, the merger of the two companies has been recorded as a
recapitalization of HTT, with HTT being treated as the continuing entity.  
 On August 12, 2010, the Company filed the Registration
Statement (Form S-4) in connection with the continuation of the Company from
Alberta to Nevada. Based upon the number of common shares of TransAKT Ltd., a
Nevada corporation ( TransAKT Nevada ), to be issued to the shareholders of
TransAKT Ltd., an Alberta corporation ( TransAKT Alberta ), on a one-for-one
basis upon completion of the Continuation and based on 102,645,120 shares of
common stock of TransAKT Ltd., an Alberta corporation, issued and outstanding as
of August 12, 2010. 
 On July 26, 2012, the Company acquired 100% equity of Vegfab
Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. (the  Vegfab ), a company incorporated under
the laws of the Republic of China ( ROC, Taiwan ). Vegfab is mainly engaged in
selling agricultural equipment used to grow vegetables using simulated sunlight
from LED lamps in hydroponic systems.  
 On January 4, 2013, the Company entered into a Share Purchase
and Sale Agreement with a shareholder pursuant to which the Company sold to him
100% of all issued and outstanding securities of its wholly owned subsidiary
Taiwan Harlee International Corporation ( HTT ). In consideration of the sale of
HTT, the shareholder has transferred to the Company 45,000,000 previously issued common
voting shares of TransAKT with a deemed value of $0.04 per share or $1.8 million
in the aggregate. 
 F-4  

On October 30, 2013, Million Talented Ltd., a third party,
contributed $516 (equals to HKD 4,000) to obtain 40% ownership of TransAKT Bio
Agritech Ltd., formerly named as TransAKT (H.K) Ltd., ( TransAKT H.K. ).
TransAKT H.K. was incorporated in Hong Kong on November 20, 2007. It had no
operation until 2013. TransAKT H.K.'s primary business is conducting research
and development on new agricultural technology relating to the Company s
business. On May 6, 2015, the company acquired the remaining 40% of the TransAKT
Bio Agritech Ltd. From Million Talent Ltd. As such, the Company wholly owned its
subsidiary of TransAKT Bio Agritech Ltd. And it becomes our primary business
unit.  
 On June 30, 2015, the wholly owned subsidiary, TransAKT Taiwan
Ltd., entered into a Share Transfer Agreement among Vegfab Agricultural
Technology Co. Ltd. and a third party pursuant to which the third party acquired
100% of Vegfab Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. in consideration of $100,000.
Vegfab Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. was the sole material asset of TransAKT
Taiwan Ltd. and its parent company (and subsidiary of the Company), TransAKT
Holdings Ltd., a Turks and Caicos company. Subsequent to the sale of Vegfab
Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd., pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement dated
June 30, 2015 with the Company s former President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director, the Company sold TransAKT Holdings Ltd. (and its subsidiary, TransAKT
Taiwan Ltd.) to the former (non-affiliated) officer and director in
consideration of $100,000. All intercompany debts between TransAKT Holdings Ltd.
and the formerly affiliated companies were cancelled as a result of the
transaction. 
 A 20 to 1 reversed stock split was approved by the Board of
Directors on November 9, 2015, by majority of shareholders on April 1, 2016, by
FINRA on June 20, 2016 and effective on June 23, 2016. The issued and
outstanding common stock was consolidated from 613,447,306 to 30,672,387 with
fractional share round up to 1 share.    
  Principles of Consolidation   
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
TransAKT (BVI) Ltd. and its wholly owned subsidiary TransAKT Bio Agritech Ltd.,
collectively referred to within as the Company. All material intercompany
accounts, transactions, and profits have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  Going Concern  
 The Company has incurred a net loss attributable to common
stockholders of $1,353,199 and $239,434 during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of $23,183,285
and $21,830,086 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. This basis
of accounting contemplates the recovery of the Company s assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. This presentation
presumes funds will be available to finance ongoing research and development,
operations and capital expenditures and permit the realization of assets and the
payment of liabilities in the normal course of operations for the foreseeable
future. 
 The ability of the Company to continue research and development
projects and realize the capitalized value of proprietary technologies and
related assets is dependent upon future commercial success of the technologies
and raising sufficient funds to continue research and development as well as to
effectively market its products. Through September 30, 2016, the Company has not
realized commercial success of the technologies, nor have they raised sufficient
funds to continue research and development or to market its products. 
 There can be no assurances that there will be adequate
financing available to the Company and the consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 F-5  

The Company has taken certain restructuring steps to provide
the necessary capital to continue its operations. These steps included: (1)
tightly budgeting and controlling all expenses; (2) expanding the company s
operations into China, expanding product lines and recruiting a strong sales
team to significantly increase sales revenue and profit in 2016; (3) cooperating
with local partners in Guangdong province, China to research and develop new
products; and (4) continuing to actively seeking additional funding
opportunities to improve and expand upon our product lines. 
  Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.  
  Revenue Recognition  
 Revenues are recognized when finished products are shipped to
customers and both title and the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred
and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company s revenues are recorded
upon confirmed acceptance after inspection by the customers of the Company. 
  Exchange Gain (Loss):  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
transactions of TransAKT Bio Agritech Ltd. were denominated in foreign currency
and were recorded in Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) at the rates of exchange in effect
when the transactions occur. Exchange gains and losses are recognized for the
different foreign exchange rates applied when the foreign currency assets and
liabilities are settled. 
  Translation Adjustment  
 The Company financial statements are presented in the U.S.
dollar ($), which is the Company s reporting currency, while its functional
currency is Hong Kong Dollar (HKD). Transactions in foreign currencies are
initially recorded at the functional currency rate ruling at the date of
transaction. Any differences between the initially recorded amount and the
settlement amount are recorded as a gain or loss on foreign currency transaction
in the consolidated statements of income. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currency are translated at the functional currency rate
of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Any differences are taken to
profit or loss as a gain or loss on foreign currency translation in the
statements of income. 
 In accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters, the
Company translates the assets and liabilities into U.S. dollar ($) using the
rate of exchange prevailing at the balance sheet date and the statements of
operations and cash flows are translated at an average rate during the reporting
period. Adjustments resulting from the translation from HKD into U.S. dollar are
recorded in stockholders  equity as part of accumulated other comprehensive
income. 
  Comprehensive Income  
 Comprehensive income includes accumulated foreign currency
translation gains and losses. The Company has reported the components of
comprehensive income on its statements of stockholders  equity. 
  Advertising  
 Advertising expenses consist primarily of costs of promotion
for corporate image and product marketing and costs of direct advertising. The
Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. 

 F-6  

Income Taxes  
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC
  740, Income Taxes, which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax
  liabilities and assets based on the differences between the financial statement
  carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax
  rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred
  income tax benefit (expense) results from the change in net deferred tax assets
  or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when, in the
  opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some or all of any
  deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
  Statement of Cash Flows  
 In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), cash flows from the Company s operations are based upon the local
currencies. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on
the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the
corresponding balances on the balance sheet. 
  Concentration of Credit Risk  
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk are accounts receivable and other receivables
arising from its normal business activities. The Company has a diversified
customer base. The Company controls credit risk related to accounts receivable
through credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures. The Company
routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, based upon
factors surrounding the credit risk, establishes an allowance, if required, for
uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes that its accounts
receivable credit risk exposure beyond such allowance is limited. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and cash in time
deposits, certificates of deposit, and all highly liquid debt instruments with
original maturities of three months or less.  
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
 The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on
accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable
and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit
worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to
evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Allowance for doubtful debts amounted
to $1,140,000 and $0 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
  Inventory  
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (determined on a
weighted average basis) or market. The Management compares the cost of
inventories with the market value and allowance is made for writing down their
inventories to market value, if lower. There is no inventory as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015. 
  Property, Plant   Equipment  
 Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions, renewals
and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or
otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed
from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations.
Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line
method for substantially all assets with estimated lives of: 

Furniture and Fixtures  
     3 - 5 years   

Machine and equipment  
     3 - 10 years   

Computer Hardware and Software  
     3 - 5 years   

Automobile  
     3 - 5 years   

Leasehold improvement  
     30 years

F-7  

The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or
otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is
included in the statements of operations. The cost of maintenance and repairs is
charged to expenses as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments
are capitalized.  
 Long-term assets of the Company are reviewed annually as to
whether their carrying value has become impaired, pursuant to the guidelines
established in FASB ASC Topic 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment  (formerly
SFAS No. 144). The Company also re-evaluates the periods of amortization to
determine whether subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates
of useful lives.  
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 In the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, the Company adopted
Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures ( ASC 820-10 ). ASC 820-10 defines fair value, establishes a
framework for measuring fair value, and enhances fair value measurement
disclosure. ASC 820-10 delays, until the first quarter of fiscal year 2009, the
effective date for ASC 820-10 for all non-financial assets and non-financial
liabilities, except those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). The adoption of
ASC 820-10 did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position or
operations. 
 Effective October 1, 2008, the Company adopted Accounting
Standards Codification subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
( ASC 820-10 ) and Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 825-10, Financial
Instruments ( ASC 825-10 ), which permits entities to choose to measure many
financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. Neither of these
statements had an impact on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The carrying value of
cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and short-term borrowings, as
reflected in the balance sheets, approximate fair value because of the
short-term maturity of these instruments. 
  Stock-based Compensation  
 The Company records stock-based compensation expense pursuant
to ASC 718-10, " Share Based Payment Arrangement ,  which requires
companies to measure compensation cost for stock-based employee compensation
plans at fair value at the grant date and recognize the expense over the
employee's requisite service period. The Company s expected volatility
assumption is based on the historical volatility of Company s stock or the
expected volatility of similar entities. The expected life assumption is
primarily based on historical exercise patterns and employee post-vesting
termination behavior. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the
option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of
grant. 
 Stock-based compensation expense is recognized based on awards
expected to vest, and there were no estimated forfeitures as the Company has a
short history of issuing options. ASC 718-10 requires forfeitures to be
estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods, if necessary,
if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
  Net Loss Per Share  
 The Company has adopted Accounting Standards Codification
subtopic 260-10, Earnings Per Share ( ASC 260-10 ) which specifies the
computation, presentation and disclosure requirements of earnings per share
information. Basic earnings per share have been calculated based upon the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Common equivalent shares
are excluded from the computation of the diluted loss per share if their effect
would be anti-dilutive.  
  Intangible Assets  
 Intangible assets include a patent. With the adoption of FASB
ASC Topic 350,  Intangibles  (formerly SFAS No. 142), intangible assets with a
definite life are amortized on a straight-line basis. The patent is being
amortized over its estimated life of 10 years. Intangible assets with a definite
life are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that a
carrying amount of an asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment
loss would be recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the
estimated undiscounted cash flows used in determining the fair value of the
asset. The amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is calculated by the
excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value. Fair value
is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. Costs related to
internally develop intangible assets are expensed as incurred.  
 F-8  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 The FASB has issued ASU No. 2015-05 about Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other-Internal-Use Software. The objective is to provide a guidance about
whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud
computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should
account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the
acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does
not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement
as a service contract. The amendment will not change GAAP for a customer s
accounting for service contracts. In addition, the guidance in this Update
supersedes paragraph 350-40-25-16. Consequently, all software licenses within
the scope of Subtopic 350-40 will be accounted for consistent with other
licenses of intangible assets. For public business entities, the Board decided
that the amendments will be effective for annual periods, including interim
periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. For all
other entities, the amendment will be effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2015, and interim periods in annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for all entities.  
 The FASB has issued ASU No. 2015-06 about Topic 260, Earnings
Per Share, which contains guidance that addresses master limited partnerships
that originated from Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 07-4. This
amendment in this Update specify that for purposes of calculating historical
earnings per unit under the two-class method, the earnings (losses) of a
transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be
allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance, the previously
reported earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the
earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not
change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about
how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown
transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the
two-class method also are required. The amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted.  
 The FASB has issued ASU No. 2015-07 about Topic 820, Fair Value
Measurement, which permits a reporting entity, as a practical expedient, to
measure the fair value of certain investments using the net asset value per
share of the investment. The amendments in this Update remove the requirement to
categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value
is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The
amendments also remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all
investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset
value per share practical expedient. Rather, those disclosures are limited to
investments for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value using
that practical expedient. The amendments in this Update apply to reporting
entities that elect to measure the fair value of an investment within the
related scope by using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent)
practical expedient.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2015-15 Subtopic 835-30, Interest -
Imputation of Interest : Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt
Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC
Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting. This
amendment adds SEC paragraphs pursuant to the SEC Staff Announcement at thereon
June 18, 2015, Emerging Issues Task Force meeting about the presentation and
subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit
arrangements.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2015-16 Topic 805, Business
Combinations : Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments,
which aims to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while
maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of
financial statements. The amendments in this Update require that an acquirer
recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the
measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are
determined. The amendments in this Update require that the acquirer record, in
the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in
depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of
the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been
completed at the acquisition date. The amendments in this Update require an
entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in
the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line
item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the
adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition
date. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments in this Update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.  
 F-9  

The FASB has issued No. 2015-17 Topic 740, Income Taxes :
  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which aims to identify,
  evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
  for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the
  usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The
  amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be
  classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The
  amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified
  statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax
  liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and
  presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update.
  The amendments in this Update will align the presentation of deferred income tax
  assets and liabilities with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
  For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for
  financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15,
  2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities,
  the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for
  annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within
  annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Earlier application is
  permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period.  
 Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by
the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a
future date are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements upon adoption.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2016-07  Topic 323, Investments Equity
Method and Joint Ventures: Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of
Accounting,  which aims to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be
reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information
provided to users of financial statements. The amendments in this Update affect
all entities that have an investment that becomes qualified for the equity
method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence. The amendments in this Update are effective for
all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied
prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity
method. Earlier application is permitted.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2016-08  Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net),  which requires the entity to determine whether the
nature of its promise is to provide good or service to the customer (that is,
the entity is a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be provided
to the customer by the other party (that is, the entity is an agent). This
determination is based upon whether the entity controls the good or the service
before it is transferred to the customer. The amendments in this Update affect
entities with transactions included within the scope of Topic 606. The core
principle of the guidance in Topic 606 is that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments in this Update
affect the guidance in Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which is not yet effective. The effective
date and transition requirements for the amendments in this Update are the same
as the effective date and transition requirements of Update 2014-09. Accounting
Standards Update No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
Deferral of the Effective Date, defers the effective date of Update 2014-09 by
one year.  
 F-10  

The FASB has issued No. 2016-09  Topic 718, Compensation Stock
Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which
aims to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining
or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial
statements. The amendments in this Update affect all entities that issue
share-based payment awards to their employees. The areas for simplification in
this Update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.
The amendments eliminate the guidance in Topic 718 that was indefinitely
deferred shortly after the issuance of FASB Statement No. 123 (revised 2004),
Share-Based Payment. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update
are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods. For all other entities, the amendments are
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption
is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2016-10  Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. 
The amendments in this Update do not change the core principle of the guidance
in Topic 606. Rather, the amendments in this Update clarify the following two
aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing
implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas.
The amendments in this Update clarify that contractual provisions that,
explicitly or implicitly, require an entity to transfer control of additional
goods or services to a customer (for example, by requiring the entity to
transfer control of additional rights to use or rights to access intellectual
property that the customer does not already control) should be distinguished
from contractual provisions that, explicitly or implicitly, define the
attributes of a single promised license (for example, restrictions of time,
geographical region, or use). The amendments in this Update affect the guidance
in Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606), which is not yet effective.  
 The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements
and has concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material
impact on results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, based on
current information.  
  NOTE 2 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   
   Related party sales    
 There were no transactions between the Company and any related
party for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   Due to related parties    
 An officer and shareholder advanced funds to the Company in the
aggregate amount of $203,900 for working capital purposes. The Company has not
entered into any agreement regarding the repayment of the advance, which is
unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. At July 22,2016, the Company
paid-off the debts to the officer . As of September 30, 2016 the account payable
in respect of the advance was $0. 
  NOTE 3   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION   
 On April 19, 2013, the Company granted to Mr. Christian
Nielsen, our former accounting manager, stock options to purchase 1,000,000 of
the Company s common stock for services performed for the Company, at an
exercise price of $0.03 per share. The options have a five-year contractual term
and are vested at the date of grant. 
 In accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 718,
Stock Compensation, the compensation costs associated with these options are
recognized, based on the grant-date fair values of these options, over the
requisite service period, or vesting period. Accordingly, the Company recognized
a compensation expense of $56,643 for the period ended December 31, 2013. 
 F-11 

The Company estimated the fair value of these options using the
Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model based on the following
weighted-average assumptions: 

(A)  
     
       The fair value of the Company's common stock was obtained
      from the closing price on the OTC Bulletin Board as of the dates of
      grant.    
 Fair value hierarchy of the above assumptions can be
categorized as follows: 

(1)  
     
       Level 1 inputs include:   

Fair value of common stock on date of grant- Obtained
      from the closing price of the Company s common stock quoted on the OTC
      Bulletin Board as of the date of grant.   

(2)  
     
       Level 2 inputs include:   

Expected volatility- Based on historical volatility of
      the closing price of the Company s common stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin
      Board.   

Risk-free rate- The risk-free rate of return reflects the
      interest rate for United States Treasury Note with similar
      time-to-maturity to that of the options.   

(3)  
     
       Level 3 inputs include:   

Expected lives- The expected lives of options granted
      were derived from the output of the option valuation model and represented
      the period of time that options granted are expected to be
    outstanding.   

Expected forfeitures per year- The expected forfeitures
      are estimated at the dates of grant and will be revised in subsequent
      periods pursuant to actual forfeitures, if significantly different from
      the previous estimates.    
 The estimates of fair value from the model are theoretical
values of stock options and changes in the assumptions used in the model could
result in materially different fair value estimates. The actual value of the
stock options will depend on the market value of the Company s common stock when
the stock options are exercised. 
 On June 23, 2016, the company consolidated its issued and
outstanding common shares from 613,447,306 shares to 30,672,387 shares on the
basis of 1 new common share for 20 old common shares (the  Reverse Stock
Split ).As a result, the grant option has been adjusted to 50,000 shares Options issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and
their activities during the nine months then ended are as follows: 
 F-12  

As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate intrinsic value of
options outstanding was $2,943. 
  NOTE 4   NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST   
 On October 30, 2013, Million Talent Ltd. a related party 50%
owned by the Company s president and director, contributed $516 (HK$4,000) to
obtain 40% ownership of TransAKT BIO Agritech Ltd. Formerly named as TransAKT
(H.K.) Ltd. ( TransAKT H.K. ) TranAKT H.K. was incorporated in Hong Kong on
November 20, 2007. It had no operations until 2013. On May 6, 2015, the Company
acquired the remaining 40% equity interest in TransAKT H.K from Million Talent
Ltd. As such, the Company wholly owned its subsidiary of TransAKT BIO Agritech
Ltd. The Non-controlling interest consisted of the following: 
 
  NOTE 5- CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE   
 On July 15,2016, the Company has entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with one of the Company s shareholders, Kang-Wing Ho
( Holder ) to buy Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note( Note ) as US$1 Million
with annual interest at 8% for a two year period from July 15, 2016 to July
14,2018. This note can be converted into common stock at the option of the
holder at any time. The conversion price shall equal to US$0.01 per share.  
  NOTE 6-SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
  T he Company evaluated all events or transactions that
occurred after September 30, 2016 up through the date the Company issued these
financial statements, and found no material subsequent events are required to be
disclosed.  
 ****** 
 F-13  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   
 This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as
 may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,
 predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other
comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the
section entitled  Risk Factors , that may cause our or our industry s actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.  
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by
applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not
intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these
statements to actual results.  
 Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars
(US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles.  
 In this quarterly report, unless otherwise specified, all
dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to
 common shares  refer to the common shares in our capital stock.  
 As used in this current report and unless otherwise indicated,
the terms "we", "us" and "our" mean TransAKT Ltd., a Nevada corporation, and our
wholly owned subsidiary, TransAKT Bio Agritech Ltd. in Hong Kong (S.A.R).  
  General Overview   
 TransAKT Ltd. was incorporated in the Province of British
Columbia on December 10, 1996 as Green Point Resources Inc. On October 18, 2000,
we changed our name to Wildcard Wireless Solutions Inc. On June 30, 2001, we
filed Articles of Continuance in the Province of Alberta and became an Alberta
corporation. On that same day, we conducted an amalgamation with Wildcard
Communications Canada Inc., an Alberta corporation, our wholly-owned subsidiary,
wherein Wildcard Communications Canada was merged into Wildcard Wireless
Solutions Inc. On June 20, 2003, we changed our name to TransAKT Corp. We
changed our name from TransAKT Corp. to TransAKT Ltd. on July 12, 2006.
Effective December 2, 2010, following approval by our shareholders on November
17, 2010, we re-domesticated our company from the Province of Alberta, Canada
and became a Nevada corporation. 
 We have operated principally as a research and development
company since our inception. Initial seed capital has been directed toward areas
of product research and development, patent filings and administration. We
initially focused on the research, design, development and manufacturing of
mobile payment terminals. However, the sale of these payment terminals reached
its end-of life due to changes in cellular phone regulations and limited
acceptance in the marketplace. 
 In October 2004, we purchased the existing business and certain
assets of IP Mental Inc., a Taiwan-based Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP )
hardware and software provider. On November 15, 2006, we acquired Taiwan Harlee
International Co. Ltd. ( HTT ), a Taiwan-based leading designer, manufacturer
and distributor of telecommunications equipment, including specialized
VoIP-compatible phone systems. These acquisitions were intended to enable us to
remain competitive in the marketplace. Our current business is the design,
development and manufacturing of telecommunications equipment, including VoIP
compatible telephone systems and multi-line cordless telephone systems. 
 3  

On November 15, 2006, we acquired HTT, for the sum of
$5,000,000. The purchase price was paid by the delivery to the shareholders of
HTT of: (i) $200,000 in cash; (ii) $300,000 in a promissory note from us due in
cash six months after closing; (iii) 50,000,000 of our common voting shares,
with a deemed value of $0.09 per share; and (iv) 5,000,000 of our common voting
shares issued to Mr. James Wu as performance-based compensation. Other than the
acquisitions of IP Mental Inc. and HTT, we have generally only had capital
expenditures on computer equipment, tools and dies, patents, and trademarks.
 
 We have mainly financed our operations through the use of debt
and the issuance of equity in private placements. In October 2006, we repaid a
loan we took against inventory produced to fund our first commercial run of our
payment terminals. We settled the loan for $90,000 using funds raised from the
private placement of our shares. In the short-term and until our sales are
sufficient to fund operations, we will continue to finance our operations
through debt or equity financing. 
 On August 12, 2010, we filed a Form S-4 Registration Statement
in connection with the continuation of our company from Alberta to Nevada. We
registered 102,645,120 shares of common stock of TransAKT Ltd. (Nevada) which
were issued to the shareholders of TransAKT Ltd. (Alberta) on a one-for-one
basis to the number of shares held by them. 
 Effective June 25, 2012, the Nevada Secretary of State accepted
for filing of a certificate of amendment, wherein, we amended our articles of
incorporation to increase the authorized number of shares of our common stock
from 300,000,000 to 700,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of $0.001 per
share. Our preferred stock remains unchanged.  
 On May 3, 2012, we entered into an Asset Purchase and Sale
Agreement with Vegfab Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. ( Vegfab ), a Taiwanese
corporation, pursuant to which we intended to acquire the material assets of
Vegfab. Vegfab is in the business of manufacturing innovative indoor
agricultural equipment used to grow a large variety of vegetables and fruit
using simulated sunlight from LED lamps in a proprietary hydroponic system.
Vegfab s product line includes systems for commercial production and a home
growing system which allows families to grow safe and clean fruit and vegetables
in their own homes. Prior to completion of the transaction we and Vegfab elected
instead to proceed by way of a share purchase and, effective July 16, 2012, we
acquired all outstanding securities of Vegfab. In consideration of the Vegfab
securities, we had paid $1,000,000 in cash and issued 150,000,000 shares of our
common stock to the shareholders of Vegfab which constituted approximately 37.2%
of our common stock at the time of closing. As a result of the transaction
Vegfab became our wholly owned subsidiary and primary business unit. Vegfab has
since become engaged in the operation of a plant factory in Taiwan for the
production of pesticide-free vegetables.  
 Previously, we entered into a performance compensation
agreement dated June 15, 2006 with James Wu, our president and chief executive
officer, pursuant to which our company was required to pay Mr. Wu share
compensation of 10% of the value of any venture acquisition that Mr. Wu secured
for our company. As a result, in July 2012, we issued to Mr. Wu 18,333,333
shares of our company s common stock with respect to the acquisition of Vegfab.
   
 On January 4, 2013, we entered into a share purchase and sale
agreement with Mr. Pan Yen Chu pursuant to which we sold to Mr. Pan 100% of all
issued and outstanding securities in our wholly owned subsidiary HTT. In
consideration of the sale of HTT, Mr. Pan has transferred to our company
45,000,000 previously issued common voting shares of our company with a deemed
value of $0.04 per share or $1.8 million in the aggregate. The transfer of
common shares was completed on January 7, 2013. In connection with the sale HTT,
the 45,000,000 common shares of our company received as consideration will be
returned to treasury. The 45,000,000 shares constitute approximately 11.5% of
our company s currently issued and outstanding common stock.  
 On October 30, 2013, Million Talent Ltd., a third party,
contributed $516 (equals to HKD 4,000) to obtain 40% ownership of TransAKT Bio
Agritech Ltd., formerly named as TransAKT (H.K) Ltd., ( TransAKT H.K. ).
TransAKT H.K. was incorporated in Hong Kong on November 20, 2007. It had no
operation until 2013. TransAKT H.K.'s primary business is conducting research
and development on new agricultural technology relating to the Company s business. On May 6, 2015, the Company acquired the
remaining 40% of the equity interest from Million Talent Ltd. As such, the
Company wholly owned its subsidiary of TransAKT BIO Agritech Ltd. 
 4 

On June 30, 2015, our wholly owned subsidiary, TransAKT Taiwan
  Ltd., entered into a Share Transfer Agreement among Vegfab Agricultural
  Technology Co. Ltd. and a third party pursuant to which the third party acquired
  100% of of Vegfab Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. in consideration of $100,000.
  Vegfab Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. was the sole material asset of TransAKT
  Taiwan Ltd. and its parent company (and subsidiary of the Company), TransAKT
  Holdings Ltd., a Turks and Caicos company. Subsequent to the sale of Vegfab
  Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd., pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement dated
  June 30, 2015 with the Company s former President, Chief Executive Officer and
  Director, the Company sold TransAKT Holdings Ltd. (and its subsidiary, TransAKT
  Taiwan Ltd.) to the former (non-affiliated) officer and director in
  consideration of $100,000. All intercompany debts between TransAKT Holdings Ltd.
  and the formerly affiliated companies were cancelled as a result of the
transaction. 
 A 20 to 1 reversed stock split was approved by the Board of
Directors on November 9, 2015, by majority of shareholders on April 1, 2016, by
FINRA on June 20, 2016 and effective on June 23, 2016. The issued and
outstanding common stock was consolidated from 613,447,306 to 30,672,387 with
fractional share round up to 1 share.  
  Our Current Business  
 We began operations in 1997 and commercialized our first
product line of wireless point-of-sale ( WPOS ) terminals in April 2003. With
the use of cellular phones, these terminals allow merchants to accept payments
anywhere, anytime. However, our WPOS terminals were discontinued due to changes
in cellular phone regulations and limited acceptance in the marketplace. In
October 2004, through the acquisition of the business and certain assets of IP
Mental Inc., we entered the VoIP business. On November 15, 2006, we acquired
Taiwan Harlee International Co. Ltd. ( HTT ), a Taiwan-based leading designer,
manufacturer and distributor of telecommunications equipment, including
specialized VoIP-compatible phone systems. These acquisitions were intended to
enable us to remain competitive in the VoIP marketplace by engaging in the
design, development, manufacturing and sale of telecommunications equipment,
including VoIP compatible telephone systems and multiline cordless telephone
systems.  
 Effective July 16, 2012, we acquired all outstanding securities
of Vegfab Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. ( Vegfab ), a Taiwanese corporation,
With the acquisition of Vegfab we entered the business of manufacturing
agricultural equipment used to grow a large variety of vegetables and fruit
using simulated sunlight from LED lamps in a proprietary hydroponic system.
Vegfab s product line includes systems for commercial production and a home
growing system which allows families to grow safe and clean fruit and vegetables
in their own homes. Vegfab has since become engaged in the operation of a plant
factory in Taiwan for the production of pesticide-free vegetables.  
 Concurrently with our acquisition of Vegfab, our management
began planning our exit from the VoIP telecommunications business owing to
diminishing growth opportunities for our Company in that industry. Subsequently,
on January 4, 2013, we entered into a share purchase and sale agreement with Mr.
Pan Yen Chu pursuant to which we sold to Mr. Pan 100% of all issued and
outstanding securities in our wholly owned subsidiary HTT in consideration for
the cancellation and return to treasury of 45,000,000 previously issued common
voting shares of our company with a deemed value of $0.04 per share or $1.8
million in the aggregate. The transfer of common shares was completed on January
7, 2013. The 45,000,000 shares constitute approximately 11.5% of our company s
currently issued and outstanding common stock. 
 As a result of our sale of HTT and Vegfab Agricultural
Technology Co. Ltd. TransAKT BIO Aritech Ltd. has become our primary business
unit. 
 Subsequent to our sale of Vegfab, we continue to be engaged in
the sale and distribution of indoor agricultural equipment, including lighting,
irrigation and hydroponic growing systems. We purchase inventory from third
party manufacturers and re-sell equipment to various indoor
agricultural operators located in Asia. Our primary markets are Taiwain, Hong
Kong, Mainland China, and Singapore.  
 5 

We incurred a net (loss)/ gain attributable to common
  stockholders of ($1,353,199) and $239,434 during the nine months ended September
  30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of $23,183,285
  and $21,830,086 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In
addition, we expect to incur an operating loss in the 2016 fiscal year. 
  About Our Products   
 We supply indoor agricultural equipment to commercial producers
of fruits and vegetables. Our products are focused on fully enclosed greenhouses
which rely on artificially controlled ambient conditions as temperature,
humidity, nutrition and lighting. Products include complete growing systems
consisting of proprietary simulated sunlight LED boards, growing racks in
various configurations for commercial and residential applications, environment
control and plant nutrition control components, portable work tables and
ladders, fruit and vegetable seeds and nutrition products, and safe, clean,
ready to eat vegetables.  
  Cash Requirements  
 We used cash in operations of $189,450 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. We continue to be dependent on the proceeds of equity
and non-equity financing to fund our operations. No assurances can be given that
our actual cash requirements will fall within our budget, that anticipated
revenues will be realized when needed, that lines of credit will be available to
us if required, or that additional capital will be available to us. We
anticipate that over the next twelve months, beginning January 1, 2016, we will
need approximately $2,000,000 to sustain our operations, market our products
effectively, and execute our business plan. 
 Our plan of operations for fiscal 2016 includes the following
budgeted expenditures:  

As at the date of this report we have entered into an agreement
with our CEO and director, Mr. Ho Kang-Wing, pursuant to which we issued to Mr.
Ho a Convertible Promissory Note in consideration of $1Million in cash proceeds
in financing our working capital and to execute our business plan.  
 6 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 Our operating results for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows: 
 
  Net Revenues and Cost of Sales  
 There is no revenue for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015 respectively. Cost of sales for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was also $0. 
  Operating Expenses  
 Operating expenses were $49,883 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $58,455 for the three months ended September 30,
2015, representing a decrease of $8,572. The decrease in operating expenses
occurred due to the decrease of professional fee and travel expenses for the
period.  
  Loss from Operations  
 Loss from operations were $49,883 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $58,455 for the three months ended v September
30, 2015, representing a decrease of $8,572. The decrease in operating loss was
primarily due to the decrease of professional fee and travel expenses for the
period.  
  Other Income or Expenses  
 Other expenses were decreased by approximately $380,184 to
$21,366 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $401,550 for the same
period in 2015. The decrease was due to the loss from long term investment
during the prior period.  
  Net Income (Loss) attributable to TRANSAKT LTD.  
 As a result of the above factors, we have net loss attributable
to the Company s common stockholders of approximately $71,249 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net loss approximately $460,005 for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
representing a decrease of $388,756. The decrease was primarily due to the loss
of disposal of subsidiary occurred during the prior period.  
 7 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015    
 Our operating results for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows: 
 
  Net Revenues and Cost of Sales  
 Net revenues decreased by approximately $81,145 or
approximately 100% from $81,145 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to
$0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Cost of sales for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $0. 
  Operating Expenses  
 Operating expenses were $1,331,872 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $166,510 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015, representing an increase of $1,165,362. The increase in operating expenses
was primarily due to a provision of bad debt being made for the stock
subscription receivable.    
  Loss from Operations  
 Loss from operations were $1,331,872 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $157,510 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015, representing an increase of $1,174,362. The increase in loss from
operations was primarily due to a provision of bad debt being made for the stock
subscription receivable.      
  Other Income or Expenses  
 Other expenses decreased by approximately $60,597 to $21,327
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from$81,924 for the same period in 2015. 
   
 8 

Net Income (Loss) attributable to TRANSAKT LTD.  
 As a result of the above factors, we have net (loss)/ income
  attributable to the Company s common stockholders of ($1,353,199) for the nine
  months ended September 30, 2016 compared to ($239,434) for the nine months ended
  September 30, 2015, representing an increase of $1,113,765.  
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Our financial position as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 and the changes for the periods ended are as follows:  
 
 Our working capital deficit increased from $119,692 at December
31, 2015 to $328,344 at September 30, 2016, primarily as a result decrease on
prepayments .  
 
 Net cash flow used in operating activities during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $189,450, representing a decrease of
$655,266 compared to net cash flow used in operating activities of $844,716
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the cash used
in operating activities was primarily due to the decreases in account payable,
prepayments and customer s deposit.  
  Investing Activities  
 Net cash flow used in investing activities during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $0, representing a decrease of $628 compared
to net cash flow used in investing activities of $628 during the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 
  Financing Activities  
 Net cash flow provided by financing activities during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $809,000 which represented a 323% increase
from the $191,000 in net cash provided by financing activities during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the cash provided by financing
activities was primarily due to the issuance of promissory note of $1,000,000 to our CEO Mr. Ho
Kang Wing during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 9 

Critical Accounting Policies  
  Principles of Consolidation  
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
TransAKT BIO Agritech Ltd., collectively referred to within as  we .  us ,
 our , or the  Company . All material intercompany accounts, transactions, and
profits have been eliminated in consolidation.  
  Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 
  Revenue Recognition   
 Revenues are recognized when finished products are shipped to
customers and both title and the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred
and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company s revenues are recorded
upon confirmed acceptance after inspection by the customers of the Company.  
  Exchange Gain (Loss):  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
transactions of TransAKT Bio Agritech Ltd. were denominated in foreign currency
and were recorded in Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) at the rates of exchange in effect
when the transactions occur. Exchange gains and losses are recognized for the
different foreign exchange rates applied when the foreign currency assets and
liabilities are settled.  
  Translation Adjustment  
 The Company financial statements are presented in the U.S.
dollar ($), which is the Company s reporting currency, while its functional
currency is Hong Kong Dollar (HKD). Transactions in foreign currencies are
initially recorded at the functional currency rate ruling at the date of
transaction. Any differences between the initially recorded amount and the
settlement amount are recorded as a gain or loss on foreign currency transaction
in the consolidated statements of income. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currency are translated at the functional currency rate
of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Any differences are taken to
profit or loss as a gain or loss on foreign currency translation in the
statements of income.  
 In accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters, the
Company translates the assets and liabilities into U.S. dollar ($) using the
rate of exchange prevailing at the balance sheet date and the statements of
operations and cash flows are translated at an average rate during the reporting
period. Adjustments resulting from the translation from HKD into U.S. dollar are
recorded in stockholders  equity as part of accumulated other comprehensive
income.  
  Comprehensive Income  
 Comprehensive income includes accumulated foreign currency
translation gains and losses. The Company has reported the components of
comprehensive income on its statements of stockholders  equity.  
  Advertising  
 Advertising expenses consist primarily of costs of promotion
for corporate image and product marketing and costs of direct advertising. The
Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred.  
 10 

Income Taxes  
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC
740, Income Taxes, which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax
liabilities and assets based on the differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax
rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred
income tax benefit (expense) results from the change in net deferred tax assets
or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when, in the
opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some or all of any
deferred tax assets will not be realized.  
  Statement of Cash Flows  
 In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), cash flows from the Company s operations are based upon the local
currencies. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on
the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the
corresponding balances on the balance sheet.  
  Concentration of Credit Risk  
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk are accounts receivable and other receivables
arising from its normal business activities. The Company has a diversified
customer base. The Company controls credit risk related to accounts receivable
through credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures. The Company
routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, based upon
factors surrounding the credit risk, establishes an allowance, if required, for
uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes that its accounts
receivable credit risk exposure beyond such allowance is limited.  
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and cash in time
deposits, certificates of deposit, and all highly liquid debt instruments with
original maturities of three months or less. 
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
 The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on
accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable
and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit
worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to
evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Allowance for doubtful debts amounted
to $1,140,000 and $0 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
  Inventory  
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (determined on a
weighted average basis) or market. The Management compares the cost of
inventories with the market value and allowance is made for writing down their
inventories to market value, if lower. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015,there is no inventory for our company.  
  Property, Plant   Equipment  
 Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions, renewals
and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or
otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed
from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations.
Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line
method for substantially all assets with estimated lives of:  

Furniture and Fixtures  
     3 - 5 years   
   
     Machine and equipment  
     3 - 10 years   
   
     Computer Hardware and Software  
     3 - 5 years   
   
     Automobile  
     3 - 5 years   
   
     Leasehold improvement  
     30 years

11 

The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or
otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is
included in the statements of operations. The cost of maintenance and repairs is
charged to expenses as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments
are capitalized. 
 Long-term assets of the Company are reviewed annually as to
whether their carrying value has become impaired, pursuant to the guidelines
established in FASB ASC Topic 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment  (formerly
SFAS No. 144). The Company also re-evaluates the periods of amortization to
determine whether subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates
of useful lives. 
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 In the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, the Company adopted
Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures ( ASC 820-10 ). ASC 820-10 defines fair value, establishes a
framework for measuring fair value, and enhances fair value measurement
disclosure. ASC 820-10 delays, until the first quarter of fiscal year 2009, the
effective date for ASC 820-10 for all non-financial assets and non-financial
liabilities, except those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). The adoption of
ASC 820-10 did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position or
operations.  
 Effective October 1, 2008, the Company adopted Accounting
Standards Codification subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
( ASC 820-10 ) and Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 825-10, Financial
Instruments ( ASC 825-10 ), which permits entities to choose to measure many
financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. Neither of these
statements had an impact on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The carrying value of
cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and short-term borrowings, as
reflected in the balance sheets, approximate fair value because of the
short-term maturity of these instruments.  
  Stock-based Compensation  
 The Company records stock-based compensation expense pursuant
to ASC 718-10, " Share Based Payment Arrangement ,  which requires
companies to measure compensation cost for stock-based employee compensation
plans at fair value at the grant date and recognize the expense over the
employee's requisite service period. The Company s expected volatility
assumption is based on the historical volatility of Company s stock or the
expected volatility of similar entities. The expected life assumption is
primarily based on historical exercise patterns and employee post-vesting
termination behavior. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the
option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
 
 Stock-based compensation expense is recognized based on awards
expected to vest, and there were no estimated forfeitures as the Company has a
short history of issuing options. ASC 718-10 requires forfeitures to be
estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods, if necessary,
if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.  
  Net Loss Per Share  
 The Company has adopted Accounting Standards Codification
subtopic 260-10, Earnings Per Share ( ASC 260-10 ) which specifies the
computation, presentation and disclosure requirements of earnings per share
information. Basic earnings per share have been calculated based upon the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Common equivalent shares
are excluded from the computation of the diluted loss per share if their effect
would be anti-dilutive. 
  Intangible Assets  
 Intangible assets include a patent. With the adoption of FASB
ASC Topic 350,  Intangibles  (formerly SFAS No. 142), intangible assets with a
definite life are amortized on a straight-line basis. The patent is being
amortized over its estimated life of 10 years. Intangible assets with a definite
life are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that a
carrying amount of an asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment
loss would be recognized when the carrying amount of an asset
exceeds the estimated undiscounted cash flows used in determining the fair value
of the asset. The amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is calculated by
the excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value. Fair value is
generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. Costs related to
internally develop intangible assets are expensed as incurred.  
 12 

Reclassifications  
 The reclassifications have no impact on the Company s 2013
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 The FASB has issued ASU No. 2015-05 about Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other-Internal-Use Software. The objective is to provide a guidance about
whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud
computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should
account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the
acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does
not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement
as a service contract. The amendment will not change GAAP for a customer s
accounting for service contracts. In addition, the guidance in this Update
supersedes paragraph 350-40-25-16. Consequently, all software licenses within
the scope of Subtopic 350-40 will be accounted for consistent with other
licenses of intangible assets. For public business entities, the Board decided
that the amendments will be effective for annual periods, including interim
periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. For all
other entities, the amendment will be effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2015, and interim periods in annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for all entities.  
 The FASB has issued ASU No. 2015-06 about Topic 260, Earnings
Per Share, which contains guidance that addresses master limited partnerships
that originated from Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 07-4. This
amendment in this Update specify that for purposes of calculating historical
earnings per unit under the two-class method, the earnings (losses) of a
transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be
allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance, the previously
reported earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the
earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not
change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about
how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown
transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the
two-class method also are required. The amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted.  
 The FASB has issued ASU No. 2015-07 about Topic 820, Fair Value
Measurement, which permits a reporting entity, as a practical expedient, to
measure the fair value of certain investments using the net asset value per
share of the investment. The amendments in this Update remove the requirement to
categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value
is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The
amendments also remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all
investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset
value per share practical expedient. Rather, those disclosures are limited to
investments for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value using
that practical expedient. The amendments in this Update apply to reporting
entities that elect to measure the fair value of an investment within the
related scope by using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent)
practical expedient.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2015-15 Subtopic 835-30, Interest -
Imputation of Interest : Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt
Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC
Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting. This
amendment adds SEC paragraphs pursuant to the SEC Staff Announcement at thereon
June 18, 2015, Emerging Issues Task Force meeting about the presentation and
subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit
arrangements.  
 13 

The FASB has issued No. 2015-16 Topic 805, Business
Combinations : Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments,
which aims to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while
maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of
financial statements. The amendments in this Update require that an acquirer
recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the
measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are
determined. The amendments in this Update require that the acquirer record, in
the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in
depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the
change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been
completed at the acquisition date. The amendments in this Update require an
entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in
the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line
item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the
adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition
date. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments in this Update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2015-17 Topic 740, Income Taxes :
Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which aims to identify,
evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the
usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The
amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be
classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The
amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified
statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax
liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and
presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update.
The amendments in this Update will align the presentation of deferred income tax
assets and liabilities with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for
financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15,
2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities,
the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Earlier application is
permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period.  
 Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by
the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a
future date are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements upon adoption.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2016-07  Topic 323, Investments Equity
Method and Joint Ventures: Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of
Accounting,  which aims to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be
reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information
provided to users of financial statements. The amendments in this Update affect
all entities that have an investment that becomes qualified for the equity
method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence. The amendments in this Update are effective for
all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied
prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity
method. Earlier application is permitted.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2016-08  Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net),  which requires the entity to determine whether the
nature of its promise is to provide good or service to the customer (that is,
the entity is a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be provided
to the customer by the other party (that is, the entity is an agent). This determination is based upon whether the entity controls the
good or the service before it is transferred to the customer. The amendments in
this Update affect entities with transactions included within the scope of Topic
606. The core principle of the guidance in Topic 606 is that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments
in this Update affect the guidance in Accounting Standards Update 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which is not yet effective.
The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments in this Update
are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of Update
2014-09. Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, defers the effective date
of Update 2014-09 by one year.  
 14 

The FASB has issued No. 2016-09  Topic 718, Compensation Stock
  Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which
  aims to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted accounting
  principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining
  or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial
  statements. The amendments in this Update affect all entities that issue
  share-based payment awards to their employees. The areas for simplification in
  this Update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
  transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as
  either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.
  The amendments eliminate the guidance in Topic 718 that was indefinitely
  deferred shortly after the issuance of FASB Statement No. 123 (revised 2004),
  Share-Based Payment. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update
  are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
  periods within those annual periods. For all other entities, the amendments are
  effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
  periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption
is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period.  
 The FASB has issued No. 2016-10  Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. 
The amendments in this Update do not change the core principle of the guidance
in Topic 606. Rather, the amendments in this Update clarify the following two
aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing
implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas.
The amendments in this Update clarify that contractual provisions that,
explicitly or implicitly, require an entity to transfer control of additional
goods or services to a customer (for example, by requiring the entity to
transfer control of additional rights to use or rights to access intellectual
property that the customer does not already control) should be distinguished
from contractual provisions that, explicitly or implicitly, define the
attributes of a single promised license (for example, restrictions of time,
geographical region, or use). The amendments in this Update affect the guidance
in Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606), which is not yet effective.  
 The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements
and has concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material
impact on results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, based on
current information.  
  Subsequent Events  
 The Company evaluated all events or transactions that occurred
after September 30, 2016 up through the date the Company issued these financial
statements, and found no material subsequent events are required to be
disclosed. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are
material to stockholders. 
 15 

Inflation  
 Our opinion is that inflation has not had, and is not expected
to have, a material effect on our operations. 
  Going Concern  
 Our company has incurred a net loss attributable to common
stockholders of ($1,353,199) and ($239,434) during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of
$23,183,285 and $21,830,086 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that our company will continue as a going concern. This basis
of accounting contemplates the recovery of our company s assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. This presentation
presumes funds will be available to finance ongoing research and development,
operations and capital expenditures and permit the realization of assets and the
payment of liabilities in the normal course of operations for the foreseeable
future. 
 The ability of our company to continue research and development
projects and realize the capitalized value of proprietary technologies and
related assets is dependent upon future commercial success of the technologies
and raising sufficient funds to continue research and development as well as to
effectively market its products. Through September 30, 2016, our company has not
realized commercial success of the technologies, nor have they raised sufficient
funds to continue research and development or to market its products. 
 There can be no assurances that there will be adequate
financing available to our company and the consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Our company has taken certain restructuring steps to provide
the necessary capital to continue its operations. These steps included: (1)
Tightly budgeting and controlling all expenses; (2) Expanding our company s
operations into China, expanding product lines and recruiting a strong sales
team to significantly increase sales revenue in 2016; . (3) Cooperate with local
partners in the Guangdong province to research and develop new products; (4) Our
company plans to continue actively seeking additional funding opportunities to
improve and expand upon our product lines. 
 At this time, we cannot provide investors with any assurance
that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common
stock or through a loan from our directors, shareholders, or investors to meet
our obligations over the next twelve months. We do not have any further
arrangements in place for any future debt or equity financing. 
  Item 3. Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risks  
 As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to
provide the information required by this Item.  
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
   Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and
Procedures   
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive
officer (our principal executive officer) and chief financial officer (our
principal financial officer and principle accounting officer) to allow for
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 16 

As of the end of the quarter covered by this report, we carried
  out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief
  executive officer (our principal executive officer) and chief financial officer
  (our principal financial officer and principle accounting officer), of the
  effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
  procedures. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer (our principal
  executive officer) and chief financial officer (our principal financial officer
  and principle accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and
  procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly
report.  
   Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting   
 During the period covered by this report there were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 
  PART II  
  OTHER INFORMATION  
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
 We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings
against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material
proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our
directors, executive officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial
stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our
interest. 
  Item 1A. Risk Factors    Risks Related to our
Business  
  We have a history of operating losses which may affect our
ability to continue operations.  
 We have sustained operating losses before income tax of
$(1,353,199) for the period ended September 30, 2016. If we are unable to
achieve profitability or to raise sufficient capital to carry out our business
plan, we may not be able to continue operations.  
  We have a limited operating history and are still proving
the viability of our products and business model, and thus, we may be unable to
sustain operations and you may lose your entire investment.  
 During fiscal 2012, we abandoned our VWAP and VoIP product
lines and adopted the business of our subsidiary, Vegfab Agricultural Technology
Co. Ltd., which began operations in 2010. We are still adding to our product
line and are in the process of proving the viability of our products and
business model. If we are unable to prove our business model or the viability of
our products, we may not be able to sustain operations and our ability to raise
additional funding may be jeopardized.  
  Our competition has greater resources than we do and can
respond more quickly to changes in our industry which could adversely affect our
ability to compete.  
 Public acceptance of our products may never reach the magnitude
required for us to achieve commercial profitability.  
 17 

Many of our existing competitors, as well as a number of
potential new competitors have longer operating histories, greater name
recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial,
technical and marketing resources than us. These factors may allow them to
respond more quickly than us to new or emerging technologies and changes in
customer requirements. It may also allow them to devote greater resources than
we can to the development, promotion and sale of their products and services.
Such competitors may also engage in more extensive research and development,
undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing
policies and make more attractive offers to existing and potential employees,
strategic partners, advertisers and Internet publishers. In addition, current
and potential competitors have established or may establish cooperative
relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase the quality and
commercial viability of their products or services.  
  Volatility of global economic conditions may affect our
ability to raise capital and our product costs which may affect our ability to
continue operations.  
 Our revenues, profitability, future growth, and the carrying
value of our assets are substantially dependent on prevailing global economic
conditions, generally, and on fluctuations in specific factors such as exchange
rates, rates of inflation, governmental stability and the occurrence of
economically disruptive events, such as war or natural or industrial disaster.
Our ability to borrow and to obtain additional capital on attractive terms is
also substantially dependent upon these factors. The negative impact of these
factors on sales orders originating from an affected country would have an
adverse effect on our borrowing capacity, revenues, profitability and cash flows
from operations. For example, unfavorable changes in exchange rates can increase
the cost of our products and reduce revenues, resulting in reduced
profitability. In the event that our profitability is reduced and we are unable
to maintain our profit margins, our ability to raise or to borrow capital may
decrease. In addition, as has been recently experienced, general downturns in
the technology sector worldwide have made fundraising difficult. Since the
marketing of our products will require us to raise additional capital, such
downturns may have an adverse affect on our ability to continue operations and
to effectively market our products. 
  We are dependent on key personnel who have extensive
knowledge of our products and business and thus, the loss of one or more of
these individuals may adversely affect our business.  
 We are heavily dependent upon the expertise of our management
and certain other key officers and directors who have extensive knowledge of our
products and our operations, and the loss of one or more of these individuals
could have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not maintain
key-person insurance policies on any of our executive officers. Since we are a
technology driven company, our future success also depends on our ability to
continue to attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees in the
telecommunications technology sector, and in the technology sector, generally.
Competition for employees in our industry is intense. We may be unable to retain
key employees or to attract, assimilate, or retain other highly qualified
employees in the future. 
  The audit report included in this Annual Report was prepared
by auditors who are not inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board and, as a result, you are deprived of the benefits of such
inspection  
 The independent registered public accounting firm that issues
the audit reports included in our annual reports filed with the SEC, as auditors
of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the
 PCAOB , is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular
inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the United
States and professional standards. Because our auditors are located in the PRC,
a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections
without the approval of the PRC authorities, our auditors are not currently inspected by the PCAOB. 
 Inspections of other firms that the PCAOB has conducted outside
  China have identified deficiencies in those firms' audit procedures and quality
  control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to
  improve future audit quality. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections
in China prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditor's statements, audits and
quality control procedures. As a result, investors may be deprived of the
benefits of PCAOB inspections. 
 18 

The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors
  in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor's
  quality control and audit procedures as compared to auditors outside of China
  that are subject to PCAOB inspections. Investors may lose confidence in our
  reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial
statements. 
  Government regulation could adversely affect our ability to
sell our products.   
 Government regulations could potentially slow down our
expansion plans. We may be required to obtain approval of our products from
several regulatory agencies. Regulatory approval processes can be onerous and
slow, and could adversely affect our ability to meet our financial projections.
Further, compliance with different national standards may require additional
capital investments and testing. If we are unable to obtain such financing or to
obtain any necessary approvals, our business could be adversely impacted. 
  We will need additional funds in order to implement our
intended projects and there is no assurance that such funds will be available
as, if and when needed, which may adversely affect our operations.  
 Cash flow used in operations of $189,450 for the period ended
September 30, 2016, and cash flow used in operations of $844,716 for the period
ended September 30, 2015. We continue to be dependent on the proceeds of equity
and non-equity financing to fund our operations. No assurances can be given that
our actual cash requirements will fall within our budget that anticipated
revenues will be realized when needed, that lines of credit will be available to
us if required, or that additional capital will be available to us. We
anticipate that over the next twelve months, we will need a minimum of
$2,000,000 to sustain operations and market our products effectively. 
 Failure to obtain such additional funds on terms and conditions
that we deem acceptable may materially and adversely affect our ability to
effectively market and distribute our products, resulting in decreased revenues
which may also result in a decreased share price. 
  Prices for raw materials required for our products are
volatile. If there is a significant increase in prices of raw materials our
ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability may suffer . 
 All raw materials for our products are sourced from China and
Taiwan. Due to the fact that many of our products use computer components, the
price of these components can be highly volatile and are subject to the risk of
obsolescence. In order to control costs and the risk of obsolescence, we
contract with a manufacturer at a set price for the building of our product over
a number of terminals. Despite these efforts, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to keep prices of raw materials at a cost effective level for our
operations. If there is a significant increase in raw materials our ability to
generate revenue and achieve profitability may suffer.  
  Risks Related to our Stock  
  The market price of our common shares has been and will in
all likelihood continue to be volatile, which may adversely affect the value of
your investment.  
 The market price of our common shares has fluctuated over a
wide range and it is likely that the price of our common stock will continue to
fluctuate in the future. Announcements regarding acquisitions, the status of
corporate collaborations, regulatory approvals or other developments by us or
our competitors could have a significant impact on the market price of our
common shares. 
 Our shares currently trade on the OTC Markets OTCQB ( OTCQB )
with limited activity. If this market is not sustained or we are unable to
satisfy any future trading criteria that may be imposed by the Financial
Industry Regulation Authority ( FINRA ) on our market makers or by the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on us, there may not be any liquidity
for our shares. What s more, we have not generated any profit from the sale of
our products to date. These factors could have a negative impact on the
liquidity of any investment made in our stock. 
 19 

The value and transferability of our shares may be adversely
impacted by the penny stock rules.  
 Holders of our common stock in the United States may experience
substantial difficulty in selling their securities as a result of the  penny
stock rules.  Our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules propagated by
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which impose additional sales
practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors. Accredited investors
generally include institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or
individuals with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding
$200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouse. For transactions covered by the
rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the
purchaser and transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, the rule may affect
the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and also may affect the
ability of purchasers of our stock to sell their shares in the secondary market.
It may also cause fewer broker-dealers to make a market in our stock. 
  The large number of shares eligible for future sale by
existing shareholders may adversely affect the market price for our common
shares.  
 Future sales of substantial amounts of our common shares in the
public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely
affect the market price of our common shares. At  November
14 , 2016 we had 30,672,387common shares outstanding. As of  November 14,  2016, we have 2,250,000 shares of our common
stock available for issuance under our stock option plan. 
 No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, that sales
of shares of our common stock or the availability of such shares for sale will
have on the market prices of our common stock.  
  We have limited sales of products to date and no assurance
can be given that our products will be widely accepted in the marketplace, which
may adversely affect your investment . 
 Our future sales, and therefore, our cash flow, income, and
ultimate success, are highly dependent on success in marketing our products and
consumer acceptance of those products. If our products are not widely accepted
or we are unable to market our products effectively, we may face reduced share
prices, decreased profitability, and decreased cash flow. 
  There is a limited public market for our common shares at
this time in the United States which may affect your ability to sell our
stock.  
 Our shares currently trade on the OTCQB with limited trading.
If this market is not sustained or we are unable to satisfy any future trading
criteria that may be imposed on our market makers by the Financial Industry
Regulations Authority ( FINRA ) or by the SEC on us, there may not be any
liquidity for our shares. We have generated only limited revenue from the sale
of our products to date. These factors could have a negative impact on the
liquidity of any investment made in our stock. 
  You should not expect to receive dividends.  
 We have never paid any cash dividends on shares of our capital
stock, and we do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends in the
foreseeable future. Our current business plan is to retain any future earnings
to finance the expansion of our business. Any future determination to pay cash
dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors, and will be
dependent upon our consolidated financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements, and such other factors that our board of directors may
deem relevant at that time. 
 20 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   
 On July 15, 2016, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreement
with our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ho Kang-Wing, pursuant
to which we issued to Mr. Ho a Convertible Promissory Note (the  Note ) in
consideration of $1,000,000 in cash proceeds. The Note bears interest at the
rate of 8% per annum and may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty
before the maturity date of July 14, 2018. At the option of the Holder, the
outstanding principal and accrued interest underlying Note may be converted from
time, on or following the maturity date, into common shares of our Company at
the price of $0.01 per share.  
  Item 3. Default upon Senior Securities  
 None. 
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
 Not applicable.  
  Item 5. Other Information  
 None. 
 21 

Item 6. Exhibits   

Exhibit   

Number   
     
        Description     

(3)   
     
        (i) Articles of Incorporation; and (ii) Bylaws 

3.1  
     
       Articles of Amalgamation (incorporated by reference from
      our Registration Statement on Form 20FR12G filed on September 16, 2003).

3.2  
     
       By-laws, as amended (incorporated by reference from our
      Registration Statement on Form 20FR12G filed on September 16, 2003).

3.3  
     
       Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference from
      our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2006)    

3.4  
     
       Articles of Conversion (incorporated by reference from
      our Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on September 13, 2010)

3.5  
     
       Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference from
      our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2012)    

(10)   
     
        Material Contracts     

10.1  
     
       Form of Loan Agreement and Promissory Note (incorporated
      by reference from our Registration Statement on Form 20FR12G filed on
      September 16, 2003).    

10.2  
     
       Share Purchase Agreement dated August 24, 2006 with all
      shareholders of Taiwan Halee International Co. Ltd., Cheng Chun-Chin and
      TransAKT Taiwan Limited (incorporated by reference from our to our Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2006)    

10.3  
     
       Distribution Agreement with Panasonic (Taiwan) dated
      April, 2010 (incorporated by reference from our Annual and Transition
      Report on Form 20-F/A filed on January 21, 2011).    

10.4  
     
       Manufacture and Distribution Agreement with Sanyo dated
      April, 2010 (incorporated by reference from our Annual and Transition
      Report on Form 20-F/A filed on January 21, 2011).    

10.5  
     
       Form of Promissory for Shareholder Loan dated April, 2010
      (incorporated by reference from our Annual and Transition Report on Form
      20-F/A filed on January 21, 2011).    

10.6  
     
       Form of Subscription Agreement for Convertible Debenture
      dated April, 2010 (incorporated by reference from our Annual and
      Transition Report on Form 20-F/A filed on January 21, 2011).    

10.7  
     
       Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement dated May 3, 2012 with
      Vegfab Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference from
      our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2012)    

10.8  
     
       Performance Compensation Agreement dated June 15, 2006
      (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
      August 7, 2012)    

10.9  
     
       Asset Purchase Amending Agreement dated July 26, 2012
      with Vegfab Agricultural Technology Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference
      from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2012)    

10.10  
     
       Share Purchase and Sale Agreement dated January 4, 2013
      with Pan Yen Chu (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on
      Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2013)    

10.11  
     
       Share transfer agreement dated June 30, 2015 with James
      Wu and share transfer agreement between TransAKT Taiwan Ltd. And Peng
      Yuchi (incorporated by reference from our current report on form 8-K filed
      on July 6, 2015)    

10.12  
     
       Form of Convertible Promissory Note and Securities
      Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference from our current report on
      Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2016)     
 22  

Exhibit   

Number   
      Description    

( 14)   
      Code of Ethics    

14.1  
     Code of Ethics (April, 2010)
      (incorporated by reference from our Annual and Transition Report on Form
      20-F/A filed on January 21, 2011).   

(21)   
      Subsidiaries of the
      Registrant    

21.1  
     TransAKT (BVI) Ltd.(Wholly
      owned), a BVI company   

21.2  
     TransAKT BIO Agritech Ltd.
      (Wholly owned), a Hong Kong company   

(31)   
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
      Certifications    

31.1*  
      Certificate of Principal
      Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 Certification under
  Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002    

31.2*   
      Certification of Principal
      Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer filed pursuant to
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

(32)   
      Section 1350
      Certifications    

32.1*  
      Certificate of Principal
      Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 906 Certification under
  Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002    

32.2*   
      Certificate of Principal
      Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer filed pursuant to
  Section 906 Certification under Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002    

101**   
      Interactive Data File 

101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document    
   
      101.SCH  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
  Document   
   
      101.CAL  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
  Document    
   
      101.DEF   
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
  Definition Linkbase Document    
   
      101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
  Presentation Linkbase Document     

*   
      Filed herewith.    

**   
      Furnished herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of
      Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto 
       are deemed not filed or part of any registration statement or
      prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of   the Securities Act
      of 1933, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
      and Exchange Act   of 1934, and otherwise are not subject to
      liability under those sections.     
 23  

SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRANSAKT LTD.    

(Registrant)   

Dated: November 14, 2016  
     /s/ Ho
      Kang-Wing   

Ho Kang-Wing   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: November 14, 2016  
     /s/
      Yam Chi-Wah   

Yam Chi-Wah   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal
      Accounting   

Officer)    
 24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

TransAKT Ltd.: Exhibit 31.1- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
  
 I, Ho Kang-Wing, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
      TransAKT Ltd.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

(a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):     

(a)  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    
 Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Ho
      Kang-Wing    
   
     Ho Kang-Wing   
   
     President and Chief Executive Officer   
   
     (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

TransAKT Ltd.: Exhibit 31.2- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
  
 I, Yam Chi-Wah, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
      TransAKT Ltd.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

(a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):     

(a)  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    
 Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Yam
      Chi-Wah    
   
     Yam Chi-Wah   
   
     Chief Financial Officer   
   
     (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting

Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

TransAKT Ltd.: Exhibit 32.1- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Ho Kang-Wing, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that:  

(1)  
     
       the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TransAKT Ltd. for
      the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the
      requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934; and   

(2)  
     
       the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of TransAKT Ltd.    
 Dated: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Ho
      Kang-Wing    
   
     Ho Kang-Wing   
   
     Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)   
   
     TransAKT Ltd.    

 A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this
written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to TransAKT Ltd.
and will be retained by TransAKT Ltd. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

TransAKT Ltd.: Exhibit 32.2- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Yam Chi-Wah, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that:  

(1)  
     
       the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TransAKT Ltd. for
      the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the
      requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934; and   

(2)  
     
       the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of TransAKT Ltd..    
 Dated: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Yam
      Chi-Wah    
   
     Yam Chi-Wah   
   
     Chief Financial Officer   
   
     (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
      Officer)   
   
     TransAKT Ltd.    

 A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this
written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to TransAKT Ltd.
and will be retained by TransAKT Ltd. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 takd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 takd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 takd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 takd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 takd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 takd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

