<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1211583_0001144204-16-134138_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3140236</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92185</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>183514</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>813325</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1412798</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>552648</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134138.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114155348
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134138
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001211583
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32295
		FILM NUMBER:		161994551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 13628
		STREET 2:		68 TW ALEXANDER DRIVE
		CITY:			RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27709
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(919) 636-4530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 13628
		STREET 2:		68 TW ALEXANDER DRIVE
		CITY:			RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27709

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140903

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ADHEREX TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134138.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451970_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One)  

  x            QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

  OR  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

  For the transition period from____ to ____  

Commission File Number: 001-32295  

  FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in Its Charter)  

British Columbia, Canada   
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of   
  Incorporation or Organization   
       20-0442384   
  (I.R.S. Employer   
  Identification No.)    

PO Box 13628, 68 TW Alexander Drive      Research Triangle Park, North Carolina      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)   
                                                                             
       27709   
  (Zip Code)    

Registrant's Telephone Number, Including
Area Code: (919) 636-4530  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. YES  x   NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer  

Accelerated Filer  

Non-Accelerated Filer  
         
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicated by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).YES     NO  x  

As of November 14, 2016, there were 13,642,567 shares of Fennec
Pharmaceuticals Inc. common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   
 
       PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   
      3   
 
       Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   
 
       Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   
 
       Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   
 
       Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  For the Period Ended September 30, 2016   
      6   
 
       Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   
 
       Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      14   
 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      21   
 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
      21   
 
       PART II: OTHER INFORMATION   
      23   
 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
      23   
 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors   
      23   
 
       Item 2. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   
      24   
 
       Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities   
      25   
 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure   
      25   
 
       Item 5. Other Information   
      25   
 
       Item 6. Exhibits   
      26   
 
       Signatures   
      27   

PART 1: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets  

  (U.S. Dollars and shares in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations  

  (U.S. Dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows  

  (U.S. Dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders' Equity   

  (U.S. dollars and shares in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share information)  

1.    Nature of Business and Going Concern  

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc. ( Fennec )
was originally formed as a British Columbia corporation under the name Adherex Technologies Inc. and subsequently changed its name
on September 3, 2014. Fennec, together with its wholly owned subsidiaries Oxiquant, Inc. ( Oxiquant ) and Fennec Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., both Delaware corporations, and Cadherin Biomedical Inc. ( CBI ), a Canadian corporation, collectively referred
to herein as the  Company,  is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of Sodium Thiosulfate ( STS )
for the prevention of ototoxicity from cisplatin in pediatric patients. With the exception of Fennec Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
all subsidiaries are inactive. 

These unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
( US GAAP ) that are applicable to a going concern which contemplates that the Company will continue in operation for
the foreseeable future and will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company incurred a loss from operations of $1,725. At September 30, 2016, it had an accumulated deficit of $113,179
and had experienced negative cash flows from operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in the amount
of $1,513. 

These circumstances raise substantial doubt
as to the ability of the Company to meet its obligations as they come due and, accordingly, the use of accounting principles applicable
to a going concern may not be appropriate. The Company will need to obtain additional funding in the future in order to finance
the Company s business strategy, operations and growth through the issuance of equity, debt or business combinations. If
the Company fails to arrange for sufficient capital on a timely basis, the Company may be required to curtail its business activities
until it can obtain adequate financing. 

These financial statements do not reflect
the potentially material adjustments in the carrying values of assets and liabilities, the reported expenses, and the balance sheet
classifications used, that would be necessary if the going concern assumption were not appropriate. 

2.    Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of presentation  

 The accompanying unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are the responsibility of the Company s
management. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information and notes
required by U.S. GAAP for annual financial statements. Accordingly, these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and notes filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The
Company's accounting policies are consistent with those presented in the audited consolidated financial statements included in
the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in U.S. dollars. All amounts presented are in thousands except for per share amounts. 

Use of estimates  

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that impact the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the interim condensed consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of expense during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

In the opinion of management, these unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, which are normal and recurring in nature, necessary
for the fair presentation of the Company s financial position at September 30, 2016 and to state fairly the results for the
periods presented. The most significant estimates utilized during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 included estimates necessary
to value derivative instruments, disclosed in Note 4. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

 In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-09: Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
( ASU 2016-09 ). The amendments in this update simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based
payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well
as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2017, but early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update on the consolidated financial statements. 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share information)  

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-02: Leases (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ). The amendments in this update require lessees, among
other things, to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified as operating leases
under previous authoritative guidance. This update also introduces new disclosure requirements for leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02
will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2019, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of this update on the consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-01: Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities ( ASU 2016-01 ). The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. In particular, the amendments in this update supersede, for public business
entities, the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used in calculating the fair value of financial instruments
required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-01 will be effective
for the Company in fiscal year 2018, but early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe that the adoption of the guidance
set forth in this update will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

Cash and cash equivalents  

 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid
investments with original maturities at the date of purchase of three months or less. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents
in investments held by highly rated financial institutions in accordance with its investment policy designed to protect the principal
investment. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $4,537 in cash and money market accounts ($942 at December 31, 2015). At
September 30, 2016, the Company held $156 in cash of which $66 (as translated to US dollars) was in Canadian dollars ($11 at December
31, 2015 as translated to US dollars). At September 30, 2016 the Company held $4,381 in money market investments. Money market
investments typically have minimal risks. The Company has not experienced any loss or write-down of its money market investments
since inception. 

3.    Earnings per Share  

Earnings per common share is presented
under two formats: basic earnings per common share and diluted earnings per common share. Basic earnings per common share is computed
by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period, plus the potentially dilutive impact of common stock equivalents (i.e. stock options and warrants). Dilutive
common share equivalents consist of the incremental common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants. The following
table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share: 

The following outstanding options and warrants
were excluded from the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for the periods presented because including them would
have had an anti-dilutive effect: 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share information)  

4.    Derivative Instruments  

The Company's
outstanding warrants denominated in Canadian dollars are not considered to be indexed to its own stock because the exercise price
is denominated in Canadian dollars and the Company's functional currency is United States dollars. Therefore, these warrants have
been treated as derivative financial instruments and recorded at their fair value as a liability. All other outstanding convertible
instruments are considered to be indexed to the Company's stock, because their exercise price is denominated in the same currency
as the Company's functional currency, and are included in stockholders' equity. 

The Company's
derivative instruments include options to purchase 40 common shares, the exercise prices for which are denominated in a currency
other than the Company's functional currency, as follows: 

Contractor options to purchase 17 common shares exercisable at CAD$1.62 per whole common share
that expire on April 4, 2018;   

These options have been recorded at their
fair value as a liability at issuance and will continue to be re-measured at fair value as a liability at each subsequent balance
sheet date. Any change in value between reporting periods will be recorded as unrealized gain/(loss). These options will continue
to be reported as a liability until such time as they are exercised, forfeited or expire. The fair value of these warrants and
options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

Comparative data related to the gain recorded
on re-measurement of the derivative liability for the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized
in the table below. There is no cash flow impact for these derivatives until the warrants and/or options are exercised. If these
warrants or options are exercised, the Company will receive the proceeds from the exercise at the current exchange rate at the
time of exercise. 

During the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company issued 36 and 29, respectively, options to contractors with a Canadian dollar
denominated strike price. Consequently, the Company now has derivatives relating to these options since the strike price is denominated
in a currency other than the US dollar functional currency of the Company. While there is an exception to this rule for employees
in ASU 2010-13  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Effect of denominating the exercise price of a share based payment
award in the currency of the market in which the underlying equity security trades , no such exception exists for contractors.
These options will be marked to market until the earlier of their expiry, exercise or forfeiture.  

The table below summarizes Canadian dollar
denominated contractor option activity, since their issuance: 

5.    Stockholders' Equity  

Authorized capital stock  

 The Company s authorized capital
stock consists of an unlimited number of shares of no par common stock. 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share information)  

Equity financing  

 In May of 2016, the Company completed the
closing of a non-brokered private placement of 2,632 units for gross proceeds of $5,000 to Essetifin SpA (formerly Sigma Tau Finanziaria
SpA). Each unit was issued at a price of USD$1.90 per unit. 

Warrants to Purchase Common Stock   

 The Company has warrants outstanding to
purchase common stock priced in U.S. dollars with a weighted average price of $1.98 and a weighted average remaining life of 1.74
years:  

Stock option plan  

 The Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors administers the Company s stock option plan. The Compensation Committee designates eligible participants
to be included under the plan and approves the number of options to be granted from time to time under the plan. Currently, the
maximum number of option shares issuable is twenty-five percent (25%) of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common
stock. Based upon the current shares outstanding, a maximum of 3,410 options are authorized for issuance under the plan. For
all options issued under the plan, the exercise price is the fair value of the underlying shares on the date of grant. All
options vest within three years or less and are exercisable for a period of seven years from the date of grant. The stock
option plan allows the issuance of Canadian and U.S. dollar grants. The table below outlines recognized contractor and employee
expense for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Stock option activity  

 The following is a summary of option activity
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 for stock options denominated in US dollars: 

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, US denominated option exercises provided gross proceeds of $0 and $6 respectively, and resulted in the issuance
of 0 and 4 common shares. 

(1) On July 5,
2016, the Company issued 285 options to various employees and contractors. The conditions of these grants state that 1/3 of the
options granted shall vest on July 5, 2017 (the  Vesting Commencement Date ). The remainder of the options granted,
shall vest evenly over 24 months beginning from the Vesting Commencement Date, such that all options have vested 36 months after
issue. Expense for these grants shall be calculated as of the grant date and recognized straight line over the vesting period. 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share information)  

The following is a summary of option activity
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 for stock options denominated in Canadian dollars: 

Canadian dollar denominated options issued
to contractors vest immediately and are treated as derivative liabilities. They are recorded at fair value estimated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the gain or loss reported as unrealized gain/(loss). 

Upon exercise, expiration or forfeiture
of those options denominated in Canadian dollars and treated as derivative liabilities the Company re-measures the derivative liability
prior to exercise, expiration or forfeiture and records a gain or loss accordingly. In the case a derivative option is exercised,
upon the exercise date, the Company extinguishes the derivative liability, records the cash received and the shares issued into
common stock and additional paid in capital accordingly. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 there was no activity
related to Canadian dollar denominated options issued to contractors. During the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2015 Canadian dollar denominated options resulted in 4 and 14 common shares being issued respectively, and resulting in net proceeds
of $4 and $2 being received, respectively. 

Valuation assumptions   

 The value of options granted were estimated
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions in the table below: The expected volatility was determined
using historical volatility of our stock based on the contractual life of the award. 

6.    Fair Value Measurements  

The Company adopted the Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosure Topic of the FASB in 2011. This Topic applies to certain assets and liabilities that are being measured and reported
on a fair value basis. The Topic defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with US GAAP,
and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. This Topic enables the reader of the financial statements to assess the inputs
used to develop those measurements by establishing a hierarchy for ranking the quality and reliability of the information used
to determine fair values. The Topic requires that financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value be classified and disclosed
in one of the following three categories: 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share information)  

Level 1: Quoted market prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

 Level 2: Observable market based inputs
or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 

 Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not
corroborated by market data. 

(1)  There were no changes in classification between levels during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   

(2)  The Company held $156 in cash of which $66 (as translated to US dollars) was in Canadian funds.   

(3)  The carrying value approximates its fair value due to the current nature of the balance.   

The Company's financial instruments include
cash equivalents and derivatives. Only cash equivalents, accounts payable and derivatives are carried at their fair value. The
derivative liabilities include options issued to contractors in a currency other than the functional currency of the Company. 

7.    Disposal of Asset  

During the quarter ended September 30,
2016, Fennec completed the sale of certain intellectual property, data and other assets related to Eniluracil and Adh-1 technologies
and development programs to Elion Oncology, LLC for gross proceeds of $40. The Company retained the rights to revenue share payments
of 5% of the gross revenues derived from the sold assets until the last to expire patents forming part of such assets. 

8.    Commitments and contingencies  

Oregon Health   Science University
Agreement  

 On February 20, 2013, Fennec entered into
a new exclusive license agreement with Oregon Health   Science University ( OHSU ) for exclusive worldwide license
rights to intellectual property directed to STS and its use for chemoprotection, including the prevention of ototoxicity induced
by platinum chemotherapy, in humans (the  New OHSU Agreement ).  

The term of the New OHSU Agreement expires
on the date of the last to expire claim(s) covered in the patents licensed to the Company, unless earlier terminated as provided
in the agreement. STS is currently protected by methods of use patents that the Company exclusively licensed from OHSU that expire
in Europe, Canada and Australia in 2021 and are currently pending in the United States and Japan. The New OHSU Agreement is terminable
by either Fennec or OHSU in the event of a material breach of the agreement by either party after 45 days prior written notice.
Fennec has the right to terminate the New OHSU Agreement at any time upon 60 days prior written notice and payment of all fees
due to OHSU under the New OHSU Agreement. 

On May 18, 2015, Fennec negotiated an amendment
( Amendment 1 ) to the exclusive license agreement with OHSU. Amendment 1 expands the exclusive license agreement signed
with OHSU on February 20, 2013 or New OHSU Agreement to include the use of N-acetylcysteine as a standalone therapy and/or in combination
with Sodium Thiosulfate ( STS ) for the prevention of ototoxicity induced by chemotherapeutic agents to treat cancers.
Further, Amendment 1 adjusts select milestone payments entered in the OHSU Agreement including but not limited to the royalty rate
on net sales for licensed products, royalty rate from sublicensing of the licensed technology and the fee payable upon the regulatory
approval of a licensed product. The term of Amendment 1 under the OHSU Agreement expires on the date of the last to expire claim(s)
covered in the patents licensed to Fennec or 8 years, whichever is later. In the event a licensed product obtains regulatory approval
and is covered by the Orphan Drug Designation, the parties will in good faith amend the term of the agreement. 

Executive Severance   

 In the event that Mr. Raykov, CEO is terminated
other than for cause, the Company will be obligated to pay him a one-time severance payment of $250. In the event that Mr. Andrade,
CFO is terminated other than for cause, the Company will be obligated to pay him a one-time severance payment of $95. 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share information)  

Leases  

 The Company has an operating lease for
approximately 350 square feet in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. This operating lease is terminable with 30 days 
notice and has no penalties or contingent payments due. The Company had office rent expense of $3 and $8 during the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the company received a $28 reimbursement
of rent deposit from a prior lease. This deposit had been written off in 2008. The retrieval of this previously written off amount,
was recorded against rent expense as an element of general and administrative expenses. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   

   CAUTIONARY STATEMENT   

The discussion below contains forward-looking
statements regarding our financial condition and our results of operations that are based upon our latest unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles within
the United States, or U.S. GAAP, and applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, regulations for financial
information. The preparation of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements requires our management
to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. All amounts are presents in the U.S. dollars and
in thousands except per share amounts. 

Overview  

  Lead Product
Candidate  

The following
is our only lead product candidate in the clinical stage of development: 

Sodium Thiosulfate (STS)   a water soluble thiol compound that acts as a chemical reducing
agent, recently completed patient enrollment of two Phase III clinical trials for the prevention of cisplatin induced hearing loss,
or ototoxicity in children.   

We continue to focus efforts on the development
of STS. 

Sodium Thiosulfate (STS)  

 We have licensed from Oregon Health  
Science University ( OHSU ) intellectual property rights for the use of STS as a chemoprotectant, and are developing
STS as a protectant against the hearing loss often caused by platinum-based anti-cancer agents in children. Preclinical and clinical
studies conducted by OHSU and others have indicated that STS can effectively reduce the incidence of hearing loss caused by platinum-based
anti-cancer agents. We have received Orphan Drug Designation in the United States for the use of STS in the prevention of platinum-induced
ototoxicity in pediatric patients. 

Hearing loss among children receiving platinum-based
chemotherapy is frequent, permanent and often severely disabling. The incidence of hearing loss in these children depends upon
the dose and duration of chemotherapy, and many of these children require lifelong hearing aids. There is currently no established
preventive agent for this hearing loss and only expensive, technically difficult and sub-optimal cochlear (inner ear) implants
have been shown to provide some benefit. In addition, adults undergoing chemotherapy for several common malignancies, including
ovarian cancer, testicular cancer, and particularly head and neck cancer and brain cancer, often receive intensive platinum-based
therapy and may experience severe, irreversible hearing loss, particularly in the high frequencies. 

Investigators at OHSU have conducted Phase
I and Phase II studies which have shown STS reduces the hearing loss associated with platinum-based chemotherapy. In one study
at OHSU, the need for hearing aids to correct high frequency hearing loss was reduced from about 50% to less than 5%. 

STS has been studied by cooperative groups
in two Phase III clinical studies of survival and reduction of ototoxicity, the Clinical Oncology Group ( COG ) Protocol
ACCL0431 and the International Society of Pediatric Oncology ( SIOPEL 6 ). The COG ACCL0431 protocol enrolled one of
five childhood cancers typically treated with intensive cisplatin therapy for localized and disseminated disease, including newly
diagnosed hepatoblastoma, germ cell tumor, osteosarcoma, neuroblastoma, and medulloblastoma. SIOPEL 6 enrolled only hepatoblastoma
patients with localized tumors. 

SIOPEL 6  

 In October 2007, we announced that our
collaborative partner, the International Childhood Liver Tumour Strategy Group, known as SIOPEL, a multi-disciplinary group of
specialists under the umbrella of the International Society of Pediatric Oncology, had launched a randomized Phase III clinical
trial ( SIOPEL 6 ) to investigate whether STS reduces hearing loss in standard risk hepatoblastoma (liver) cancer patients
receiving cisplatin as a monotherapy. 

The study was initiated in October 2007
initially in the United Kingdom and completed enrollment at the end of 2014, 45 sites from 12 countries enrolled 109 evaluable
patients. Under the terms of our agreement, SIOPEL will conduct and fund all clinical activities and we will provide drug, drug
distribution and pharmacovigilance, or safety monitoring, for the study. Interim efficacy results on response to chemotherapy are
evaluated after every 20 patients and reviewed by the Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC). The IDMC was established to
assess any potential concern of an adverse effect of STS on the efficacy of the cisplatin chemotherapy and to review safety according
to protocol pre-specified patient numbers. In February 2015, the IDMC recommended the continuation of SIOPEL 6 after conducting
their final safety review on 100 patients. Previously, the IDMC reached a similar conclusion after reviewing the safety of 20,
40, 60 and 80 patients and their current recommendation on 100 patients to continue the clinical trial represents the last and
final safety review. Patient recruitment has now been completed and the efficacy outcome based on audiometric results will be evaluated
on an ongoing basis as each child reaches the age of 3.5 years. Results for the audiology primary end point with a p value of 0.045
will be tested with final readout of data in 2017. 

The primary objectives of SIOPEL 6 are: 

To assess the efficacy of STS to reduce the hearing impairment caused by cisplatin   

To carefully monitor any potential impact of STS on response to cisplatin and survival   

SIOPEL 6 - Preliminary Results - ASCO
2016  

 Newly diagnosed
patients with standard risk hepatoblastoma were treated with weekly cycles of Cisplatin (Cis) every two weeks, including 4 chemotherapy
courses before primary tumor resection and 2 courses after surgery. Patients were randomized to Cisplatin alone (Cis) or Cisplatin
and STS(Cis+STS). Cisplatin of 80 mg/m2 was administered intravenous over 6 hours. STS was administered intravenous exactly 6 hours
after stop of Cisplatin over 15 minutes at 20 g/m2. Tumor response was assessed after 2 and 4 cycles pre-operative with serum AFP
and liver imaging. In case of progression after 2 cycles, STS was stopped and doxorubicin 60 mg/m2 continuous infusion over 48
hours added. The primary endpoint is centrally reviewed absolute hearing threshold, at the age of   3.5 years, by pure tone
audiometry. The trial has 80% power to detect a reduction in hearing loss defined as Brock grade   1 from 60% of patients with
Cisplatin to 35% with Cisplatin plus STS. The interim efficacy results indicate the following: i) that it is safe to deliver Sodium
Thiosulfate for otoprotection in Standard Risk Hepatoblastoma treated according to the SIOPEL 6 regimen; ii) there is no evidence
of tumor protection and iii) the interim results of the first 68 patients achieving centrally reviewed pure tone audiometry at
or above 3.5 years of age were encouraging. Efficacy results at the end treatment for the 109 evaluable patients (52 Cisplatin,
57 Cisplatin plus STS) were complete response/partial response/progressive disease for Cisplatin: 85%/8%/5% and for Cisplatin plus
STS: 91%/9%/0%. 

RESULTS  

 109 patients (52 Cis and 57 Cis+STS)
were recruited at trial closure in December 2014. 
The combination of Cis+STS was generally well tolerated. 
The median follow up is 34 months and provisional 2 yr EFS is Cis 86.3% and Cis+STS 89.0%; 2 yr OS is Cis 91.4% and Cis+STS 97.7%. 
Treatment failure defined as PD at 4 cycles was equivalent in both arms (5 Cis; 5 Cis+STS). 
Status at last follow-up (February 2016), 5 patients had died (4 Cis; 1 Cis+STS). 

COG ACCL0431  

 In March 2008, we announced the activation
of a Phase III trial with STS to prevent hearing loss in children receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy in collaboration with
the Children s Oncology Group ( COG ACCL0431 ). The goal of this Phase III study is to evaluate in a multi-centered,
randomized trial whether STS is an effective and safe means of preventing hearing loss in children receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy
for newly diagnosed germ cell, liver (hepatoblastoma), brain (medulloblastoma), nerve tissue (neuroblastoma) or bone (osteosarcoma)
cancers. Eligible children, one to eighteen years of age, who are to receive cisplatin according to their disease-specific regimen
and, upon enrollment in this study, will be randomized to receive STS or not. Efficacy of STS will be determined through comparison
of hearing sensitivity at follow-up relative to baseline measurements using standard audiometric techniques. The Children s
Oncology Group is responsible for funding the clinical activities for the study and we are responsible for providing the drug,
drug distribution and pharmacovigilance, or safety monitoring, for the study. The trial completed enrollment of 131 pediatric patients
in the first quarter of 2012. 

COG ACCL0431 - Preliminary Results  

 COG Study ACCL0431,  A Randomized
Phase III Study of Sodium Thiosulfate for the Prevention of Cisplatin-Induced Ototoxicity in Children,  finished enrollment
of 131 of which 126 were eligible patients in Q1 2012. The patients had been previously diagnosed with childhood cancers. 

The primary endpoint was to evaluate the
efficacy of STS for prevention of hearing loss in children receiving cisplatin chemotherapy (hypothesis: 50% relative reduction
in hearing loss). 

Secondary endpoints included: 

Compare change in mean hearing thresholds   

Compare incidence of other Grade 3/4 toxicities (renal and hematological)   

Monitor Event Free Survival (EFS) and Overall Survival (OS) in two groups   

126 eligible subjects were enrolled with
germ cell tumor (32), osteosarcoma (30), neuroblastoma (26), medulloblastoma (26), hepatoblastoma (7) or other (5). Of these, 104
subjects (64 male and 29  5 years old) were evaluable for the primary endpoint. 

Subjects were randomized either to no treatment
(control) or treatment with STS 16 grams/m2 IV over 15 minutes 6 hours after each cisplatin dose. Hearing was measured using standard
audiometry for age and data were reviewed centrally using American Speech-Language-Hearing Association criteria. 

The proportion of subjects with hearing
loss assessed at 4 weeks post the final cisplatin dose (primary endpoint) and EFS/OS (log-rank test, 2-year cumulative estimates
and Cox proportional hazards model) were compared between the two groups. 

A subset analysis by extent of disease
determined post hoc was performed: 

COG ACCL0431 - PRELIMINARY CONCLUSIONS  

STS protects against cisplatin-induced hearing loss
in children, especially for those   5 years old. 

In this study, use of STS did not result in lower
EFS/OS in patients with localized disease. However, the lower survival among those with disseminated disease raises the concern
of a tumor protective effect when STS is administered on this dose and schedule. 

Capital Funding   

 We have not received and do not expect
to have significant revenues from our product candidate until we are either able to sell our product candidate after obtaining
applicable regulatory approvals or we establish collaborations that provide us with up-front payments, licensing fees, milestone
payments, royalties or other revenue. 

We generated a net loss of approximately
$1.65 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a net loss of $0.12 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 (inclusive of a non-cash gain on derivatives of $0.05 million and $1.23 million non-cash gain on derivatives for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively). As of September 30, 2016, our accumulated deficit was approximately $113.2
million ($111.0 million at September 30, 2015). 

As a result of our limited financial resources
we have postponed or terminated many of our previously planned or ongoing clinical development programs. We continue to pursue
various strategic alternatives, including collaborations with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. As a result,
there is uncertainty of our ability to continue as a going concern. Our projections of our capital requirements are
subject to substantial uncertainty. More capital than we anticipated may be required thereafter. To finance our continuing
operations we will need to raise substantial additional funds through either the sale of additional equity, the issuance of debt,
the establishment of collaborations that provide us with funding, the out-license or sale of certain aspects of our intellectual
property portfolio or from other sources. Given current economic conditions, we might not be able to raise the necessary
capital or such funding may not be available on financially acceptable terms if at all. If we cannot obtain adequate funding
in the future, we might be required to further delay, scale back or eliminate certain research and development studies, consider
business combinations or even shut down our operations. 

Our operating expenses will depend on many
factors, including the progress of our drug development efforts and the implementation of further cost reduction measures. Our
research and development expenses, which include expenses associated with our clinical trials, drug manufacturing to support clinical
programs, salaries for research and development personnel, stock-based compensation, consulting fees, sponsored research costs,
toxicology studies, license fees, milestone payments, and other fees and costs related to the development of product candidates,
will depend on the availability of financial resources, the results of our clinical trials and any directives from regulatory agencies,
which are difficult to predict. Our general and administration expenses include expenses associated with the compensation of employees,
stock-based compensation, professional fees, consulting fees, insurance and other administrative matters associated in support
of our drug development programs. 

Results of Operations  

 Three months ended September 30, 2016 versus
three months ended September 30, 2015: 

Research and development expenses increased
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 as the Company increased its efforts on STS development.
STS research and development efforts currently focus on being able to produce STS commercially as well as for a compassionate use
program. Primary expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 within research and development are the manufacturing
of STS in preparation for a compassionate use program. 

General and administrative expenses increased
over same period in 2015. There were increases in director and key employee compensation during the quarter ended September 30,
2016 over same quarter in 2015 as the Company made efforts to align our director and key employee compensations to that of companies
of similar market capitalizations in similar industries. Travel and regulatory consulting also increased during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 as the company prepares for trial results expected in late 2017. During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, there were also increases in both non-cash deferred compensation and non-cash equity compensation expenses
for employees and contractors as compared with the same period in 2015. 

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, the Company completed the sale of certain intellectual property, data and other assets related to Eniluracil
and Adh-1 technologies and development programs for gross proceeds of $40. The Company recorded an unrealized gain on derivatives
of $19 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a gain of $216 for the same three months ended in 2015. The gain
in 2015 relates to the revaluation of derivative warrant liabilities (originally issued in 2009). In the past, the derivative warrant
liability was significant and had the ability to produce large swings in non-cash gains and losses in any given period, depending
upon market conditions. The remaining derivative liability on the balance sheet is associated with the Company s Canadian
denominated options. These option derivatives have been recorded at their fair value as a liability at issuance and will continue
to be re-measured at fair value as a liability at each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in value between reporting periods
will be recorded as an unrealized gain/(loss). These options will continue to be reported as a liability until such time as they
are exercised or expire. The fair value of these options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

Our results of
operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 versus nine months ended September 30, 2015 were as follows: 

Total research
and development expenses were up by $113 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. The Company
has increased its research and development expenses related to STS as the Company prepares for the launch of a compassionate use
program. General and administrative expenses increased during the comparable period largely due to the issuance of equity based
compensation and increases in director and key employee compensation. 

A large portion
of the Company s derivative liability expired during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and substantially all of the
remaining derivative liability expired during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. As the vast majority of the Company s
derivative liabilities have expired, it is expected that fluctuations in derivative valuations will have a vastly reduced effect
on the Company s future results. 

Quarterly Information  

 The following table presents selected condensed
financial data for each of the last eight quarters through September 30, 2016, as prepared under U.S. GAAP (U.S. dollars in thousands,
except per share information): 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Cash and cash equivalents were $4,537 at
September 30, 2016 and $942 at December 31, 2015. The increase in cash and cash equivalents between September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 is primarily due to cash received from the exercise of various warrants and options and the completion of an equity financing
in May 2016. These increases in cash were offset by cash spent on research and development and general and administrative activities.
The Company received $5,000 from the equity financing, $102 from the exercise of warrants and $6 from the exercise of options.
The Company issued a total of 2,703 shares as a result of these activities. 

The following table illustrates a summary
of cash flow data for the three and nine month periods of 2015 and 2016: 

Net cash used in operating activities for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $544, as compared to $509 during the same period in 2015. This increase in cash outlays
relates to ongoing STS Phase III trials and STS product development. Net cash provided by financing activities for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 was $0 compared to $21 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Total decrease in cash and cash
equivalents was $544 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as opposed to a decrease of $488 over the same period in 2015. 

Net cash used in operating activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,513 as compared to $1,438 during the same period in 2015. This increase is due
to increased cash outlays incurred from general and administrative costs associated with the Company s strategic initiatives
designed to further develop new markets and partnering opportunities. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $5,108 compared to $497 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $5,108 includes $5,000 from
the receipt of equity financing and $108 in cash representing the exercise of various warrants and options being exercised. Total
increase in cash and cash equivalents was $3,595 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 which is an increase of $4,536 over
the same period in 2015. 

On September 5, 2013, we announced that
we intended to primarily focus our remaining financial resources on the development of STS. We continue to pursue various
strategic alternatives including collaborations with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our projections of
further capital requirements are subject to substantial uncertainty. Our working capital requirements may fluctuate in future
periods depending upon numerous factors, including: our ability to obtain additional financial resources; our ability to enter
into collaborations that provide us with up-front payments, milestones or other payments; results of our research and development
activities; progress or lack of progress in our preclinical studies or clinical trials; unfavorable toxicology in our clinical
programs, our drug substance requirements to support clinical programs; change in the focus, direction, or costs of our research
and development programs; personnel related costs; the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending
and enforcing our patent claims; competitive and technological advances; the potential need to develop, acquire or license new
technologies and products; our business development activities; new regulatory requirements implemented by regulatory authorities;
the timing and outcome of any regulatory review process; and commercialization activities, if any. 

We had cash and cash equivalents of approximately
$4.5 million as of September 30, 2016.  

Outstanding Share
Information    

 The outstanding share data for our company as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

Financial Instruments  

 We invest excess cash and cash equivalents
in high credit quality investments held by financial institutions in accordance with our investment policy designed to protect
the principal investment. At September 30, 2016, we had approximately $4.5 million in cash accounts. We have not experienced any
loss or write down of our money market investments since inception. 

Our investment policy is to manage investments
to achieve, in the order of importance, the financial objectives of preservation of principal, liquidity and return on investment.
Investments may be made in U.S. or Canadian obligations and bank securities, commercial paper of U.S. or Canadian industrial companies,
utilities, financial institutions and consumer loan companies, and securities of foreign banks provided the obligations are guaranteed
or carry ratings appropriate to the policy. Securities must have a minimum Dun   Bradstreet rating of A for bonds or R1 low
for commercial paper. The policy also provides for investment limits on concentrations of securities by issuer and maximum-weighted
average time to maturity of twelve months. This policy applies to all of our financial resources. 

The policy risks are primarily the opportunity
cost of the conservative nature of the allowable investments. As our main purpose is research and development, we have chosen to
avoid investments of a trading or speculative nature. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

 Since our inception, we have not had any
material off-balance sheet arrangements. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts.
As such, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in
such activities. 

Research and Development

Our research and development efforts have
been focused on the development of STS since 2013. 

We have established relationships with
contract research organizations, universities and other institutions, which we utilize to perform many of the day-to-day activities
associated with our drug development. Where possible, we have sought to include leading scientific investigators and advisors to
enhance our internal capabilities. Research and development issues are reviewed internally by our executive management and supporting
scientific staff.   

Research and development expenses for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $112 and $88 respectively and for the nine months then ended, $298 and $185,
respectively. Expenses on research and development fluctuate with relation to drug development and trial activity. 

Our product candidate still requires significant,
time-consuming and costly research and development, testing and regulatory clearances. In developing our product candidate, we
are subject to risks of failure that are inherent in the development of products based on innovative technologies. For example,
it is possible that our product candidate will be ineffective or toxic, or will otherwise fail to receive the necessary regulatory
clearances. There is a risk that our product candidate will be uneconomical to manufacture or market or will not achieve market
acceptance. There is also a risk that third parties may hold proprietary rights that preclude us from marketing our product candidate
or that others will market a superior or equivalent product. As a result of these factors, we are unable to accurately estimate
the nature, timing and future costs necessary to complete the development of these product candidate. In addition, we are unable
to reasonably estimate the period when material net cash inflows could commence from the sale, licensing or commercialization of
such product candidate, if ever. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based on assumptions and judgments that may be affected by commercial,
economic and other factors. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Our accounting policies are consistent
with those presented in our annual consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk   

Money Market Investments   

 We maintain an investment portfolio consisting
of U.S. or Canadian obligations and bank securities and money market investments in compliance with our investment policy. We do
not hold any mortgaged-backed investments in our investment portfolio. Securities must have a minimum Dun   Bradstreet rating
of A for bonds or R1 low for commercial paper. The policy also provides for investment limits on concentrations of securities by
issuer and maximum-weighted average time to maturity of twelve months. This policy applies to all of our financial resources. 

At September 30, 2016, we had $4.38 million
in money market investments as compared to $1.32 million at September 30, 2015; these investments typically have minimal risk. The
financial markets had been volatile resulting in concerns regarding the recoverability of money market investments, but those conditions
have stabilized. We have not experienced any loss or write down of our money market investments since inception. 

Our investment policy is to manage investments
to achieve, in the order of importance, the financial objectives of preservation of principal, liquidity and return on investment. Our
risk associated with fluctuating interest rates on our investments is minimal and not significant to the results of operations. We
currently do not use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes. As the main purpose
of the Company is research and development, we have chosen to avoid investments of a trade or speculative nature. 

Foreign Currency Exposure  

 We are subject to foreign currency risks
as we purchase goods and services which are denominated in Canadian dollars. To date, we have not employed the use of derivative
instruments; however, we do hold Canadian dollars which we use to pay vendors in Canada and other corporate obligations. At
September 30, 2016 the Company held approximately 87 thousand Canadian dollars (66 as translated to U.S. dollars). At December
31, 2015 the company held approximately 17 thousand Canadian dollars (13 as translated into U.S. dollars). 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

(a)    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  . 

In connection with the preparation of this
report, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2016.
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange
Commission rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating
our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Based on that evaluation, the Company s
management concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as a result of having identified two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, as
described in further detail below. 

Our management has identified a control
deficiency because we lack sufficient staff to segregate accounting duties. We believe the control deficiency results primarily
because we have one full time individual performing all accounting and financial reporting duties. As a result, we do not maintain
adequate segregation of duties within our critical financial reporting applications, the related modules and financial reporting
processes. This control deficiency could result in a misstatement of balance sheet and statement of operations accounts in our
interim or annual consolidated financial statements that would not be detected. Accordingly, management has determined that this
control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. 

Our management has also identified another
control deficiency that it believes constitutes a material weakness in our control over financial reporting. We did not maintain
sufficient personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge, experience, and training in the application of
U.S. GAAP commensurate with our complexity and our financial accounting and reporting requirements. This control deficiency could
result in a misstatement of the financial statements including disclosure that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
While we strive to ensure we have appropriate accounting personnel as well as an appropriate segregation of duties as much as practicable,
we currently have insufficient financial resources to justify additional staff. The Company continues to seek solutions to improve
internal control over financial reporting. 

To finance our continuing operations, we
will need to raise additional funds beyond those from our most recent private placement in April 2016 and, as disclosed elsewhere
in this report, there remains substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern and the failure to obtain such funds
might require us to further delay, scale back or eliminate certain research and development studies, consider business combinations,
or even shut down our operations. If we are able to secure such additional financing, we anticipate hiring additional personnel
with appropriate technical accounting knowledge, experience, and training in the application of U.S. GAAP to supplement our current
accounting staff. 

(b)      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the
evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

None  

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   

Additional Risks Related to our Business  

We do not presently have the financial
or human resources to complete additional Phase III trials for our lead product candidate.  

 We do not presently have the financial
or human resources internally to complete further Phase III trials for any of our lead product candidate. We may not be able
to independently develop or conduct such trials ourselves. 

We may experience significant delays
in developing our lead product candidate  

 We are currently developing STS in Phase
III trials in collaboration with the International Childhood Liver Tumour Strategy Group, known as SIOPEL and the Children's Oncology
Group. Such collaborators might not commit sufficient resources to the development of STS, which may lead to significant delays.
We have already experienced significant delays in the activation of the Children's Oncology Group trial and subsequent accrual
of patients into the Children's Oncology Group and SIOPEL clinical trials. We have also experienced delays in obtaining clinical
trial data. 

We may not be able to license our lead
product candidate  

 We continue to seek a licensing or funding
partner for the further development of our product candidate. If a partner is not found, we may not be able to further advance
our product. If a partner is found, the financial terms that they propose may not be acceptable to us. 

There is no assurance that we will successfully
develop a commercially viable product.   

 Since our formation in September 1996,
we have engaged in research and development programs. We have generated no revenue from product sales, do not have any products
currently available for sale, and none is expected to be commercially available for sale until we have completed additional clinical
trials, if at all. There can be no assurance that the research we fund and manage will lead to commercially viable products. We
have completed enrollment of two Phase III studies for STS. Our product must still undergo substantial additional regulatory review
prior to commercialization. 

We anticipate the need for additional
capital in the future and if we cannot raise additional capital, we will not be able to fulfill our business plan.  

 We need to obtain additional funding in
the future in order to finance our business strategy, operations and growth. We may not be able to obtain additional financing
in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when needed. If we fail to arrange for sufficient capital on a timely basis, we may
be required to curtail our business activities until we can obtain adequate financing. Debt financing must be repaid regardless
of whether or not we generate profits or cash flows from our business activities. Equity financing may result in dilution to existing
shareholders and may involve securities that have rights, preferences, or privileges that are senior to our common stock or other
securities. If we cannot raise sufficient capital when necessary, we will likely have to curtail operations and you may lose part
or all of your investment. 

We may be unable to effectively deploy
the proceeds from our recent financings for the development of STS.  

 In December 2014, and in April 2016, we
announced private placements for proceeds of $2.2 million and $5.0 million, respectively. Any inability on our part to manage effectively
the deployment of this capital could limit our ability to successfully develop STS. 

Additional Risks Related to our Common
Stock  

We may be unable to maintain the listing
of our common stock on the TSX and that would make it more difficult for stockholders to dispose of their common stock.  

 Our common stock is currently listed on
the TSX. The TSX has rules for continued listing, including minimum market capitalization and other requirements, that we might
not meet in the future, particularly if the price of our common stock does not increase or we are unable to raise additional capital
to continue operations. On September 8, 2012, the Toronto Stock Exchange issued an official delisting review of our common stock.
The remedial delisting review was initiated because the value of the shares of our common stock that are held by  public
shareholders  had been below the CAD$2.0 million threshold required under the TSX continuing listing standards for a period
of 30 consecutive trading days. On January 7, 2013, the Toronto Stock Exchange completed its review of the Company and determined
that the Company met TSX's continued listing requirements. 

Delisting from the TSX would make it more
difficult for shareholders to dispose of their common stock and more difficult to obtain accurate quotations on our common stock.
This could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. There can be no assurances that a market maker will make a
market in our common stock on the OTCQB or any other stock quotation system after delisting. Furthermore, securities quoted over-the-counter
generally have significantly less liquidity than securities traded on a national securities exchange, not only in the number of
shares that can be bought and sold, but also through delays in the timing of transactions and lower market prices than might otherwise
be obtained. As a result, shareholders might find it difficult to resell shares at prices quoted in the market or at all. Furthermore,
because of the limited market and generally low volume of trading in our common stock, our common stock is more likely to be affected
by broad market fluctuations, general market conditions, fluctuations in our operating results, changes in the market s perception
of our business, and announcements made by us, our competitors or parties with whom we have business relationships. Our ability
to issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or to otherwise arrange for any financing we may need in the future,
may also be materially and adversely affected by the fact that our securities are not traded on a national securities exchange. 

Our common stock is deemed to be a  penny stock,  which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares
due to suitability requirements.  

 Our common stock is subject to Rule 15g-1
through 15g-9 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which imposes certain sales
practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our common stock to persons other than established customers and  accredited
investors  who are generally individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 (excluding their principal residence)   or
an annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together with their spouses. For transactions covered by this rule, a broker-dealer
must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the
transaction prior to the sale. This rule adversely affects the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and the ability
of our shareholders to sell their shares of common stock. 

Additionally, our common stock is subject
to additional SEC regulations for  penny stock.  Penny stock includes any equity security that is not listed on a national
securities exchange and has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. The regulations require
that prior to any non-exempt buy/sell transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule set forth by the SEC relating to the
penny stock market must be delivered to the purchaser of such penny stock. This disclosure must include the amount of commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current price quotations for the common stock. The regulations
also require that monthly statements be sent to holders of penny stock that disclose recent price information for the penny stock
and information of the limited market for penny stocks. These requirements adversely affect the market liquidity of our common
stock. 

Item 2. Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities.   

The following table details grants of stock
options to various contractors, officers and directors of the Company: 

The options were issued in a private placement
exempt under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). The options were issued in
USD denominated grants and are each exercisable for a period of 7 years from the grant date. 

(1)
On February 2, 2016, the Company issued 0.5 units to Aranea Partners, Inc. in exchange for advisory services to be provided. Advisory
services are to be provided through December 31, 2016. Each unit was issued at a price of $3.00 per unit and allows holder to acquire
one common share for a period of three years from the date of issuance. Fair value of these warrants were determined at issuance
using the Black-Scholes pricing model using the following assumptions: expected dividend 0%; risk-free interest rate 0.93%; expected
volatility of 113%; and a 3 year expected life. Expense associated with these warrants will be amortized over the service period
with Aranea Partners, Inc. 

(2) On July 5,
2016, the Company issued 285 options to various employees and contractors. The conditions of these grants state that 1/3 of the
options granted shall vest on July 5, 2017 (the  Vesting Commencement Date ). The remainder of the options granted,
shall vest evenly over 24 months beginning from the Vesting Commencement Date, such that all options have vested 36 months after
issue. Expense for these grants shall be calculated as of the grant date and recognized straight line over the vesting period. 

Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits    

Exhibit   
  No.   
       
       Description    

31.1  
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company
in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

31.2  
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company
in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

32.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).   

99.1  
       
      Press Release for Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 (filed herewith).   

101.1  
       
      Interactive Data File (filed herewith).   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  

/s/ Rostislav Raykov    

Rostislav Raykov   

Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  

/s/ Robert Andrade    

Robert Andrade   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial and chief accounting officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451970_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Rostislav Raykov, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its condensed subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:  
      /s/Rostislav Raykov   

Rostislav Raykov   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451970_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Robert Andrade, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its condensed subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Robert Andrade   

Robert Andrade   

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451970_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C.  1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Fennec Pharmaceuticals
Inc. (the   Company  ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  ),
each of the undersigned, Rostislav Raykov, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Robert Andrade, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Rostislav Raykov   

Rostislav Raykov   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Robert Andrade   

Robert Andrade   

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 v451970_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1  

FENNEC PROVIDES CORPORATE UPDATE AND
ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER 2016 RESULTS  

SIOPEL 6 Updated Interim Results Presented at the
International Society of Pediatric Oncology (SIOP) -confirms no evidence of tumor protection and final audiometry results will
be available in the fourth quarter of 2017  

Research Triangle Park, NC, November
14, 2016     Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc. (TSX: FRX, OTCQB: FENCF), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the
development of Sodium Thiosulfate (STS) for the prevention of platinum-induced ototoxicity in pediatric patients, today reported
its corporate update and financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Corporate Update   

  Updated Interim results
from    SIOPEL 6: A multi-centre open label randomised phase III trial of the efficacy of sodium thiosulfate (STS)
in reducing ototoxicity in patients receiving cisplatin (Cis) monotherapy for standard risk hepatoblastoma (SR-HB)   were
presented in  an oral presentation at the 2016 SIOP meeting in Dublin, Ireland. The conclusions included: it is safe to deliver
Sodium Thiosulfate for otoprotection in Standard Risk Hepatoblastoma treated according to the SIOPEL 6 regimen; the addition of
STS to the treatment of standard risk hepatoblastoma has not affected survival; the interim results 
 of the first 68 patients achieving centrally reviewed pure tone audiometry at over above 3.5 years of age were encouraging;
and the results of the audiology primary end point will be available in the fourth quarter of 2017. 

We are pleased that the updated interim results from SIOPEL
6 presented at SIOP continue to support the safety of STS in combination with cisplatin , said Rosty Raykov, Chief Executive
Officer.  We look forward to sharing the final audiometry results of SIOPEL 6 in the fourth quarter of 2017.  

Financial Update    

  The selected
financial data presented below is derived from our audited condensed consolidated financial statements which were prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The complete interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements for the period ended September 30, 2016 and management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations will be available via  www.sec.gov  and  www.sedar.com  .  All values
are presented in thousands unless otherwise noted.  

Research and development expenses increased
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 as the Company increased its efforts on STS development.
STS research and development efforts currently focus on being able to produce STS commercially as well as for a compassionate use
program. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 the primary expenses within research and development are the manufacturing
of STS in preparation for a compassionate use program. 

General and administrative expenses increased
over same period in 2015. There were increases in director and key employee compensation during the quarter ended September 30,
2016 over same quarter in 2015 as the Company made efforts to align our director and key employee compensations to that of companies
of similar market capitalizations in similar industries. Travel and regulatory consulting also increased during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 as the company prepares for SIOPEL 6 trial results. During the quarter ended September
30, 2016, there were also increases in both non-cash deferred compensation and non-cash equity compensation expenses for employees
and contractors as compared with the same period in 2015. 

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, the Company completed the sale of certain intellectual property, data and other assets related to Eniluracil
and Adh-1 technologies and development programs for gross proceeds of $40. The Company recorded an unrealized gain on derivatives
of $19 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a gain of $216 for the same three months ended in 2015. The gain
in 2015 related to the revaluation of derivative warrant liabilities (originally issued in 2009). In the past, the derivative warrant
liability was significant and had the ability to produce large swings in non-cash gains and losses in any given period, depending
upon market conditions. The remaining derivative liability on the balance sheet is associated with the Company s Canadian
denominated options. 

Interim Unaudited Condensed Statement
of Operations  

  (U.S. Dollars in thousands except per
share amounts)  

Total research
and development expenses were up by $113 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. The Company
has increased its research and development expenses related to STS as the Company prepares for the launch of a managed access program.
General and administrative expenses increased during the comparable period largely due to the issuance of equity based compensation
and increases in director and key employee compensation. 

A large portion
of the Company s derivative liability expired during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and substantially all of the
remaining derivative liability expired during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. As the vast majority of the Company s
derivative liabilities have expired, it is expected that fluctuations in derivative valuations will have a vastly reduced effect
on the Company s future results. 

Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

  Balance Sheets  

Cash and cash equivalents were $4,537 at
September 30, 2016 and $942 at December 31, 2015. The increase in cash and cash equivalents between September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 is primarily due to cash received from the exercise of various warrants and options and the completion of an equity financing
in May 2016. These increases in cash were offset by cash spent on research and development and general and administrative activities.
The Company received $5,000 from the equity financing, $102 from the exercise of warrants and $6 from the exercise of options.
The Company issued a total of 2,703 shares as a result of these activities. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
working capital balance totaling approximately $4.3 million compared to $0.6 million as of December 31, 2015. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $544, as compared to $509 during the same period in 2015. This increase in cash outlays relates to ongoing
STS Phase III trials and STS product development. Net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was $0 compared to $21 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Total decrease in cash and cash equivalents was
$544 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as opposed to a decrease of $488 over the same period in 2015. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $1,513 as compared to $1,438 during the same period in 2015. This increase is due to increased cash outlays
incurred from general and administrative costs associated with the Company s strategic initiatives designed to further develop
new markets and partnering opportunities. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
was $5,108 compared to $497 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $5,108 includes $5,000 from the receipt of equity
financing and $108 in cash representing the exercise of various warrants and options being exercised. Total increase in cash and
cash equivalents was $3,595 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 which is an increase of $4,536 over the same period in
2015. 

Forward looking statements  

 Except for historical information described
in this press release, all other statements are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
inherent in the Company s business that could cause actual results to vary, including such risks that regulatory and guideline
developments may change, scientific data may not be sufficient to meet regulatory standards or receipt of required regulatory clearances
or approvals, clinical results may not be replicated in actual patient settings, protection offered by the Company s patents
and patent applications may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by its competitors, the available market for the Company s
products will not be as large as expected, the Company s products will not be able to penetrate one or more targeted markets,
revenues will not be sufficient to fund further development and clinical studies, the Company may not meet its future capital requirements
in different countries and municipalities, the proposed sale to Elion may not be completed and other risks detailed from time to
time in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. Fennec Pharmaceuticals, Inc. disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements
except as required by law. 

For a more
detailed discussion of related risk factors, please refer to our public filings available at  www.sec.gov  and  www.sedar.com .  

About Sodium Thiosulfate (STS)  

Cisplatin and other platinum compounds
are essential chemotherapeutic components for many pediatric malignancies.  Unfortunately, platinum-based therapies cause
ototoxicity in many patients, and are particularly harmful to the survivors of pediatric cancer. 

In the U.S. and Europe there is estimated
that over 10,000 children are diagnosed with local cancers that may receive platinum based chemotherapy.   Localized
cancers that receive platinum agents may have overall survival rates of greater than 80% further emphasizing the quality of life
after treatment. The incidence of hearing loss in these children depends upon the dose and duration of chemotherapy, and many of
these children require lifelong hearing aids. There is currently no established preventive agent for this hearing loss and only
expensive, technically difficult and sub-optimal cochlear (inner ear) implants have been shown to provide some benefit. Infants
and young children at critical stages of development lack speech language development and literacy, and older children and adolescents
lack social-emotional development and educational achievement. 

STS has been studied by cooperative groups
in two Phase 3 clinical studies of survival and reduction of ototoxicity, The Clinical Oncology Group Protocol ACCL0431 and SIOPEL
6. Both studies are closed to recruitment. The COG ACCL0431 protocol enrolled one of five childhood cancers typically treated with
intensive cisplatin therapy for localized and disseminated disease, including newly diagnosed hepatoblastoma, germ cell tumor,
osteosarcoma, neuroblastoma, and medulloblastoma.  SIOPEL 6 enrolled only hepatoblastoma patients with localized tumors. 

About Fennec Pharmaceuticals  

  Fennec Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the development of Sodium Thiosulfate (STS) for the prevention of platinum-induced
ototoxicity in pediatric patients. STS has received Orphan Drug Designation in the US in this setting. For more information, please
visit  www.fennecpharma.com .  

  For further information, please contact:  

Rosty Raykov 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

 T: (919) 636-5144 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fencf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fencf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fencf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fencf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fencf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fencf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

