<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1258602_0001258602-16-000091_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16668735</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138470</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1989834</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6146063</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6505857</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1542813</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001258602-16-000091.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109170703
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001258602-16-000091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NELNET INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001258602
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		IRS NUMBER:				840748903
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31924
		FILM NUMBER:		161985088

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 SOUTH 13TH ST
		STREET 2:		STE 201
		CITY:			LINCOLN
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68508
		BUSINESS PHONE:		402-458-2370

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 SOUTH 13TH ST
		STREET 2:		STE 201
		CITY:			LINCOLN
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68508

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001258602-16-000091.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 nni-93016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  or 

For the transition period from      to     . 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 001-31924 
    
  NELNET, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(402) 458-2370 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X] No [   ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
  Large accelerated filer [X]                                                  Accelerated filer [ ] 
  Non-accelerated filer [  ]                                                     Smaller reporting company [  ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes[  ] No[X] 
    
  As of   October 31, 2016  , there were   30,684,273   and   11,476,932   shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding, respectively (excluding 11,317,364 shares of Class A Common Stock held by wholly owned subsidiaries).   

NELNET, INC. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  INDEX 
  September 30, 2016    

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
     2 
        
    Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     28 
        
    Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     55 
        
    Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
     61 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
     61 
        
    Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
     61 
        
    Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     62 
        
    Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
     63 

Signatures  
      
     64 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    2 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    3 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

4 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    5 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    6 

NELNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 
  (unaudited) 

1.    Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of Nelnet, Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of   September 30, 2016   and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and, in the opinion of the Company s management, the unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, except as discussed under "Revenue Recognition - Loan Interest Income" below, necessary for a fair presentation of results of operations for the interim periods presented. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . The unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the "  2015   Annual Report"). 
    
  Reclassifications 
    
  Certain amounts previously reported within the Company's consolidated balance sheet and statements of income have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  These reclassifications are summarized below. 

In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued accounting guidance regarding the presentation of debt issuance costs.  The new guidance requires that entities present debt issuance costs related to a debt liability as a direct deduction from that liability on the balance sheet.  This guidance became effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2016.  As a result of this standard, the Company reclassified its debt issuance costs, which were previously included in "other assets" on the consolidated balance sheet, to "bonds and notes payable." 

On February 1, 2016, the Company sold   100 percent   of the membership interests in Sparkroom LLC, which includes the majority of the Company's inquiry management products and services within Nelnet Enrollment Solutions.  The Company retained the digital marketing and content solution products and services under the brand name Peterson's within the Nelnet Enrollment Solutions business, which include test preparation study guides, school directories and databases, career exploration guides, on-line courses, scholarship search and selection data, career planning information and guides, and on-line information about colleges and universities.  The Company reclassified the revenue and cost of goods sold attributable to the Peterson's products and services from "enrollment services revenue" and "cost to provide enrollment services" to "other income" and "other expenses," respectively, on the consolidated statements of income.  After this reclassification, "enrollment services revenue" and "cost to provide enrollment services" include the operating results of the products and services sold as part of the Sparkroom disposition for all periods presented.  These reclassifications had no effect on consolidated net income.   
       
  Revenue Recognition - Loan Interest Income 
    
  The Company recognizes student loan interest income as earned, net of amortization of loan premiums and deferred origination costs and the accretion of loan discounts.  Loan interest income is recognized based upon the expected yield of the loan after giving effect to interest rate reductions resulting from borrower utilization of incentives such as timely payments ("borrower benefits") and other yield adjustments.  Loan premiums or discounts, deferred origination costs, and borrower benefits are amortized/accreted over the estimated life of the loans, which includes an estimate of forecasted payments in excess of contractually required payments.  The Company periodically evaluates the assumptions used to estimate the life of the loans and prepayment rates.   
    
  In the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its policy to correct for an error in its method of applying the interest method used to amortize premiums and accrete discounts on its student loan portfolio.  Previously, the Company amortized premiums and accreted discounts by including in its prepayment assumption forecasted payments in excess of contractually required payments as well as forecasted defaults.  The Company has determined that only payments in excess of contractually required payments should be included in the prepayment assumption.  Under the Company's revised policy, as of September 30, 2016, the constant prepayment rate used by the Company to amortize/accrete student loan premiums/discounts was decreased.  During the third  
  
    7 

quarter of 2016, the Company recorded an adjustment to reflect the net impact on prior periods for the correction of this error that resulted in an   $8.2 million   reduction to the Company's net loan discount balance and a corresponding increase in interest income(a   $5.2 million   after tax increase to net income).  The Company has concluded this error has an immaterial impact on 2016 results as well as the results for prior periods.   

2.    Student Loans Receivable and Allowance for Loan Losses 
    
  Student loans receivable consisted of the following: 

(a) 
    As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , "loan discount, net of unamortized loan premiums and deferred origination costs" included   $20.8 million   and   $33.0 million  , respectively, of non-accretable discount associated with purchased loans of   $8.5 billion   and   $10.8 billion  , respectively. 
       
  Private Education Loans 
    
  In February 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with CommonBond, Inc. ("CommonBond"), a student lending company that provides private education loans to graduate students, under which the Company committed to purchase private education loans for a period of   18 months  , with the maximum purchase obligation limited to   $200.0 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had purchased   $190.1 million   in private education loans from CommonBond and has satisfied its commitment under this agreement.  
  
    8 

Activity in the Allowance for Loan Losses 
    
  The provision for loan losses represents the periodic expense of maintaining an allowance sufficient to absorb losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio of student loans. Activity in the allowance for loan losses is shown below. 

9 

Student Loan Status and Delinquencies 
    
  Delinquencies have the potential to adversely impact the Company s earnings through increased servicing and collection costs and account charge-offs.  The table below shows the Company s loan delinquency amounts. 

10 

3.    Bonds and Notes Payable 
    
  The following tables summarize the Company s outstanding debt obligations by type of instrument: 

Asset-backed Securitizations 
    
  The Company, through its subsidiaries, has historically funded student loans by completing asset-backed securitizations. Beginning in 2015, Fitch Ratings and Moody s Investors Service placed numerous tranches of Federal Family Education Loan Program ("FFELP") securitizations by various issuers, including certain tranches of prior FFELP securitizations issued by subsidiaries of the Company, on review for potential downgrade due to principal payments and prepayments on the underlying student loans coming in slower than initial expectations, and the resulting risk that certain principal maturities on those FFELP securitizations may not be met by the final maturity dates, which could result in an event of default under the underlying securitization agreements.  Since that time, rating agencies have resolved their downgrade watches on certain Company-issued debt through a mix of rating confirmations, downgrades, and upgrades, largely removing uncertainty that had previously prevailed in the student loan asset-backed securitization market.  On June 15, 2016, the Company announced the launch of an online investor communication forum to facilitate the amendment of certain FEELP asset-backed securitizations to extend the legal final maturity dates.  On September 13, 2016, the Company announced that it had received investor consent to extend by five years the legal final maturity on nine of its securitizations, which represent a total of approximately   $4.8 billion   in original par value.  The effective date of the amendments to each of the nine securitizations was September 20, 2016.  The modifications of the final maturity of these securitizations were the only changes to the terms of these securitizations and such modifications were considered  
  
    11 

not substantial.  Depending on future investor consent, the Company may seek to extend the legal final maturity on additional securitizations. 
    
  FFELP Warehouse Facilities 
    
  The Company funds a portion of its FFELP loan acquisitions using its FFELP warehouse facilities.  Student loan warehousing allows the Company to buy and manage student loans prior to transferring them into more permanent financing arrangements. 
    
   As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had three FFELP warehouse facilities as summarized below. 

(a) 
    On July 10, 2015, the Company amended the agreement for this warehouse facility to temporarily increase the maximum financing amount to $875.0 million. The maximum financing amount was scheduled to decrease by   $125.0 million   on March 31, 2016.  On January 26, 2016, the Company amended the agreement for this warehouse facility to extend the scheduled decrease of the maximum financing amount by $125.0 million to July 8, 2016.  On July 7, 2016, the Company amended the agreement for this warehouse facility to permanently set the maximum financing amount at   $875.0 million  , and changed the expiration of liquidity provisions to   July 10, 2018   and the final maturity date to   September 7, 2018  .    
       
  Private Education Loan Warehouse Facility 
    
  On June 26, 2015, the Company entered into a   $275.0 million   private education loan warehouse facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $206.6 million   outstanding on the facility and   $68.4 million   was available for future use.  The facility has a static advance rate that requires initial equity for loan funding, but does not require increased equity based on market movements.  The maximum advance rate on the entire facility is   88 percent   and minimum advance rates, depending on loan characteristics and program type, ranged from   64 percent   to   99 percent  .  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $30.3 million   was advanced on the facility as equity support.  The facility is supported by liquidity provisions, which had an original expiration date of   June 24, 2016  .   
  On April 1, 2016, the Company amended the agreement for this facility to change the expiration date for the liquidity provisions to   October 28, 2016  , and to change the final maturity date to   April 28, 2017  . In addition, the minimum advance rates, depending on loan characteristics and program type, were changed to a range from   61.75 percent   to   95.00 percent  , and the maximum advance rate on the entire facility remained at   88 percent  .  On October 28, 2016, the Company amended the agreement for this facility to change the expiration date for the liquidity provisions to   December 21, 2016  ; the final maturity date remained unchanged at April 28, 2017.  In the event the Company is unable to renew the liquidity provisions by the amended expiration date of December 21, 2016, the facility would become a term facility at a stepped-up cost, with no additional student loans being eligible for financing, and the Company would be required to refinance the existing loans in the facility by the facility's final maturity date of April 28, 2017.    
  Unsecured Line of Credit 
    
  The Company has a   $350.0 million   unsecured line of credit that has a maturity date of   October 30, 2020  .  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   no   amounts were outstanding under the unsecured line of credit and   $350.0 million   was available for future use. 

12 

Debt Repurchases 
    
  The following table summarizes the Company's repurchases of its own debt.  Gains recorded by the Company from the repurchase of debt are included in "gain on sale of loans and debt repurchases" on the Company's consolidated statements of income.   

Subsequent Events - Bonds and Notes Payable 
    
  On October 12, 2016, the Company completed an asset-backed securitization totaling   $426.0 million   (par value).  The proceeds from this transaction were used primarily to refinance certain student loans included in the Company's FFELP warehouse facilities.   
  The Company had a   $75.0 million   line of credit, which was collateralized by asset-backed security investments, that expired on   October 31, 2016  .  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $75.0 million   was outstanding on this line of credit.  Upon expiration of the line of credit on October 31, 2016, the Company used operating cash and borrowed money on its $350.0 million unsecured line of credit to pay off the outstanding   $75.0 million   balance of this debt facility.   

13 

4.    Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  The Company uses derivative financial instruments primarily to manage interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk. Derivative instruments used as part of the Company's risk management strategy are further described in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in the 2015 Annual Report.  A tabular presentation of such derivatives outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is presented below. 
    
  Basis Swaps 
    
  The following table summarizes the Company s basis swaps outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   in which the Company receives three-month LIBOR set discretely in advance and pays one-month LIBOR plus or minus a spread as defined in the agreements (the "1:3 Basis Swaps"). 

The weighted average rate paid by the Company on the 1:3 Basis Swaps as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   one-month LIBOR   plus 9.5 basis points and 10.0 basis points, respectively. 
  Interest Rate Swaps   Floor Income Hedges 
    
  The following table summarizes the outstanding derivative instruments used by the Company to economically hedge loans earning fixed rate floor income. 

(a) 
    For all interest rate derivatives, the Company receives discrete three-month LIBOR. 
       
  On August 20, 2014, the Company paid   $9.1 million   for an interest rate swap option to economically hedge loans earning fixed rate floor income.  The interest rate swap option gives the Company the right, but not the obligation, to enter into a   $250 million   notional interest rate swap in which the Company would pay a fixed amount of   3.30%   and receive discrete one-month LIBOR.  If the interest rate swap option is exercised, the swap would become effective in 2019 and mature in 2024.  

14 

Interest Rate Swaps   Unsecured Debt Hedges 
    
  The Company had the following derivatives outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   that are used to effectively convert the variable interest rate on a portion of the Junior Subordinated Hybrid Securities to a fixed rate of   7.66%  .  

(a) 
    For all interest rate derivatives, the Company receives discrete three-month LIBOR. 
       
  Interest Rate Caps 
    
  In June 2015, in conjunction with the entry into the   $275.0 million   private education loan warehouse facility, the Company paid   $2.9 million   for two interest rate cap contracts with a total notional amount of   $275.0 million  .  The first interest rate cap has a notional amount of   $125.0 million   and a   one-month LIBOR   strike rate of   2.50%  , and the second interest rate cap has a notional amount of   $150.0 million   and a   one-month LIBOR   strike rate of   4.99%  .  In the event that the one-month LIBOR rate rises above the applicable strike rate, the Company would receive monthly payments related to the spread difference.  Both interest rate cap contracts have a maturity date of July 15, 2020.  
    
  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
    
  In 2006, the Company issued    352.7 million   of student loan asset-backed Euro Notes (the "Euro Notes") with an interest rate based on a spread to the EURIBOR index. As a result of the Euro Notes, the Company is exposed to market risk related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and Euro. The principal and accrued interest on these notes are re-measured at each reporting period and recorded in the Company s consolidated balance sheet in U.S. dollars based on the foreign currency exchange rate on that date. 
    
  The Company entered into a cross-currency interest rate swap in connection with the issuance of the Euro Notes.  Under the terms of the cross-currency interest rate swap, the Company receives from the counterparty a spread to the EURIBOR index based on a notional amount of    352.7 million   and pays a spread to the LIBOR index based on a notional amount of   $450.0 million  . In addition, under the terms of this agreement, all principal payments on the Euro Notes will effectively be paid at the exchange rate in effect between the U.S. dollar and Euro as of the issuance of the notes. 
    
  The following table shows the income statement impact as a result of the re-measurement of the Euro Notes and the change in the fair value of the related derivative instrument. 

(a) 
    The financial statement impact of the above items is included in "Derivative market value and foreign currency adjustments and derivative settlements, net" in the Company's consolidated statements of income. 
     Management has structured the cross-currency interest rate swap to economically hedge the Euro Notes to effectively convert the Euro Notes to U.S. dollars and pay a spread on these notes based on the LIBOR index.  However, the cross-currency interest rate swap does not qualify for hedge accounting.  The re-measurement of the Euro-denominated bonds generally correlates with the change in the fair value of the corresponding cross-currency interest rate swap.  However, the Company will experience unrealized gains and losses between these financial instruments due to the principal and accrued interest on the Euro Notes being re-measured to U.S. dollars at each reporting date based on the foreign currency exchange rate on that date, while the cross-currency interest rate swap is measured at fair value at each reporting date with the change in fair value recognized in the current period earnings.  
  
    15 

Consolidated Financial Statement Impact Related to Derivatives      
    
  The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company s derivatives as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets: 

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company terminated a total notional amount of   $3.1 billion   of fixed rate floor income hedges for gross proceeds of   $3.0 million  , and a total notional amount of   $300.0 million   of other basis swaps for gross proceeds of   $0.5 million  .  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company terminated a total notional amount of   $500.0 million   of fixed rate floor income hedges for gross payments of   $0.7 million  .  During the first, second, and third quarters of 2015, the Company terminated a total notional amount of   $2.7 billion  ,   $2.8 billion  , and   $0.7 billion  , respectively, of 1:3 Basis Swaps for gross proceeds of   $34.4 million  ,   $17.5 million  , and   $3.7 million  , respectively.   
    
  Offsetting of Derivative Assets/Liabilities 
    
  The Company records derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheets on a gross basis as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value.  Certain of the Company's derivative instruments are subject to right of offset provisions with counterparties.  The following tables include the gross amounts related to the Company's derivative portfolio recognized in the consolidated balance sheets, reconciled to the net amount when excluding derivatives subject to enforceable master netting arrangements and cash collateral received/pledged: 

16 

(a)   Cash collateral pledged (received), net as of September 30, 2016 includes   $60.9 million   of cash collateral paid to  counterparties and   $30.3 million   in cash collateral received from counterparties.    
    
  The following table summarizes the effect of derivative instruments in the consolidated statements of income.  

17 

5.    Investments and Notes Receivable 
    
  A summary of the Company's investments and notes receivable follows: 

(a) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company considered the decline in market value of its available-for-sale investments to be temporary in nature and did not consider any of its investments other-than-temporarily impaired. 
       
           (b) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , the stated maturities of the majority of the Company's student loan asset-backed and other debt securities classified as available-for-sale were greater than 10 years. 

6. Business Combination 
    
  Allo Communications LLC ("Allo") 
    
  On December 31, 2015, the Company purchased   92.5 percent   of the ownership interests of Allo for total cash consideration of   $46.25 million  .  On January 1, 2016, the Company sold a   1.0 percent   ownership interest in Allo to a non-related third-party for   $0.5 million  .  The remaining   7.5 percent   of the ownership interests of Allo is owned by members of Allo management, who have the opportunity to earn an additional   11.5 percent   (up to   19 percent  ) of the total ownership interests based on the financial performance of Allo.  The additional ownership interests that Allo management has the opportunity to earn are based on their continued employment with Allo.  Accordingly, the value associated with the ownership interests issued to these employees of   $1.0 million   will be recognized by Allo as compensation expense over the performance period. 
    
  Allo provides pure fiber optic service to homes and businesses for internet, television, and telephone services.  The acquisition of Allo provides additional diversification of the Company's revenues and cash flows outside of education.  In addition, the acquisition leverages the Company's existing infrastructure, customer service capabilities and call centers, and financial strength and liquidity for continued growth.   
    
  The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company recognized certain adjustments to the provisional amounts recorded at December 31, 2015 that were needed to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. The net impact of these adjustments was an increase to goodwill, and the adjustments had no impact on operating results. 
  
    18 

The   $11.4 million   of acquired intangible assets on the date of acquisition had a weighted-average useful life of approximately   12   years.  The intangible assets that made up this amount included customer relationships of   $6.3 million   (  10  -year useful life) and a trade name of   $5.1 million   (  15  -year useful life).  
    
  The   $21.1 million   of goodwill was assigned to the Communications operating segment and is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  The amount allocated to goodwill was primarily attributable to future customers to be generated through the continued expansion of Allo's services in rural markets. 
    
  The proforma impacts of the acquisition on the Company's historical results prior to the acquisition were not material.  
    
  Allo recognizes revenue when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists between Allo and the customer, (ii) delivery of the product to the customer has occurred or service has been provided to the customer, (iii) the price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured.  Revenues based on a flat fee, derived principally from internet, television, and telephone services are billed in advance and recognized in subsequent periods when the services are provided.  Revenues for usage-based services, such as access charges billed to other telephone carriers for originating and terminating long-distance calls on Allo's network, are billed in arrears.  Allo recognizes revenue from these services in the period the services are rendered rather than billed.  Earned but unbilled usage-based services are recorded in accounts receivable. 

7.  Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
    
  Intangible assets consist of the following: 

The Company recorded amortization expense on its intangible assets of   $3.2 million   and   $2.4 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $8.4 million   and   $7.2 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The Company will continue to amortize intangible assets over their remaining useful lives.    As of September 30, 2016  , the Company estimates it will record amortization expense as follows: 
  
    19 

The change in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable operating segment was as follows: 

8.  Property and Equipment 
    
  Property and equipment consisted of the following:  

20 

Depreciation expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 related to property and equipment was   $5.8 million   and   $4.6 million  , respectively, and   $16.4 million   and   $11.9 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  

9.    Earnings per Common Share 
    
  Presented below is a summary of the components used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share. The Company applies the two-class method in computing both basic and diluted earnings per share, which requires the calculation of separate earnings per share amounts for common stock and unvested share based awards. Unvested share-based awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends are considered securities which participate in undistributed earnings with common stock.  

Unvested restricted stock awards are the Company's only potential common shares and, accordingly, there were no awards that were antidilutive and not included in average shares outstanding for the diluted earnings per share calculation.  

21 

10.    Segment Reporting 
    
  See note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in the 2015 Annual Report for a description of the Company's operating segments.  The following tables include the results of each of the Company's operating segments reconciled to the consolidated financial statements.   
    
  Prior to January 1, 2016, the Company allocated certain corporate overhead expenses that are incurred within the Corporate and Other Activities segment to the other operating segments.  These expenses included certain corporate activities related to executive management, internal audit, enterprise risk management, and other costs incurred by the Company due to corporate-wide initiatives.  Effective January 1, 2016, internal reporting to executive management (the "chief operating decision maker") changed to eliminate the allocation of these expenses to the other segments.  Management believes the change in its allocation methodology results in a better reflection of the operating results of each of the reportable segments as if they each operated as a standalone business entity, which also reflects how management evaluates the performance of the segments.  Prior period segment operating results have been restated to conform to the current period presentation. 

22 

(a) 
    Does not include the Communications segment, which was initiated as a result of the acquisition of Allo on December 31, 2015. 

23 

24 

(a) 
    Does not include the Communications segment, which was initiated as a result of the acquisition of Allo on December 31, 2015  . 

25 

11.    Major Customer 
  The Company earns loan servicing revenue from a servicing contract with the U.S. Department of Education (the "Department") that currently expires on June 16, 2019.  Revenue earned by the Company's Student Loan and Guaranty Servicing operating segment related to this contract was   $40.2 million   and   $33.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $112.5 million   and   $99.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.   In April 2016, the Department's Office of Federal Student Aid released information regarding a new contract procurement process for the Department to acquire a single servicing platform to support the management of federal student financial aid, including the servicing of all student loans owned by the Department.  The contract solicitation process is divided into two phases. Responses for Phase I were due on May 9, 2016.  
    
  On May 6, 2016, the Company and Great Lakes Educational Loan Services, Inc. ("Great Lakes") submitted a joint response to Phase I as part of a newly created joint venture to respond to the contract solicitation process and to provide services under the new contract in the event that the Department selects it to be awarded with the contract. The joint venture will operate as a new legal entity called GreatNet Solutions, LLC ("GreatNet").  The Company and Great Lakes each own   50 percent   of the ownership interests of GreatNet.  In addition to the Company, Great Lakes is currently one of four private sector companies (referred to as Title IV Additional Servicers, or "TIVAS") that currently has a student loan servicing contract with the Department to provide servicing for loans owned by the Department. 
    
  On June 30, 2016, the Department announced which entities were selected to respond to Phase II of the procurement selection process.  GreatNet was one of three entities selected.  On October 26, 2016, the Department released the Phase II solicitation for its new single servicer contract.  Responses for Phase II are due December 12, 2016.  The Department anticipates the servicing system contract will be awarded by February 2017.   

12.    Fair Value 
    
  The following tables present the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  There were no transfers into or out of level 1, level 2, or level 3 for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  

26 

The following table summarizes the fair values of all of the Company s financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheets: 

The methodologies for estimating the fair value of financial assets and liabilities are described in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in the 2015 Annual Report.  

27 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . All dollars are in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted.) 
    
  The following discussion and analysis provides information that the Company s management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of the Company.  The discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the 2015 Annual Report. 
    
  Forward-looking and cautionary statements 
    
  This report contains forward-looking statements and information that are based on management's current expectations as of the date of this document.  Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the Company's plans and expectations for future financial condition, results of operations or economic performance, or that address management's plans and objectives for future operations, and statements that assume or are dependent upon future events, are forward-looking statements.  The words  may,   should,   could,   would,   predict,   potential,   continue,   expect,   anticipate,   future,   intend,   plan,   believe,   estimate,   assume,   forecast,   will,  and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
  The forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and analysis made by management in light of management's experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors that management believes are appropriate under the circumstances.  These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause the actual results and performance to be materially different from any future results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  These factors include, among others, the risks and uncertainties set forth in the  Risk Factors  section of the 2015 Annual Report and elsewhere in this report, and include such risks and uncertainties as: 

student loan portfolio risks such as interest rate basis and repricing risk resulting from the fact that the interest rate characteristics of the student loan assets do not match the interest rate characteristics of the funding for those assets, the risk of loss of floor income on certain student loans originated under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (the "FFEL Program" or "FFELP"), risks related to the use of derivatives to manage exposure to interest rate fluctuations, uncertainties regarding the expected benefits from purchased securitized and unsecuritized FFELP student loans and initiatives to purchase additional FFELP and private education loans, and risks from changes in levels of student loan prepayment or default rates; 
                
    financing and liquidity risks, including risks of changes in the general interest rate environment and in the securitization and other financing markets for student loans, including adverse changes resulting from slower than expected payments on student loans in FFELP securitization trusts, which may increase the costs or limit the availability of financings necessary to purchase, refinance, or continue to hold student loans; 
                
    risks from changes in the educational credit and services markets resulting from changes in applicable laws, regulations, and government programs and budgets, such as the expected decline over time in FFELP loan interest income and fee-based revenues due to the discontinuation of new FFELP loan originations in 2010 and potential government initiatives or legislative proposals to consolidate existing FFELP loans to the Federal Direct Loan Program or otherwise allow FFELP loans to be refinanced with Federal Direct Loan Program loans, risks related to adverse changes in the Company's  volumes allocated under the Company's loan servicing contract with the Department, which accounted for approximately 15 percent of the Company's revenue in 2015, risks related to the Department's initiative to procure a new contract for federal student loan servicing to acquire a single servicing platform to service all loans owned by the Department, including the risk that the Company's joint venture with Great Lakes may not be awarded the contract, and risks related to the Company's ability to comply with agreements with third-party customers for the servicing of FFELP, Federal Direct Loan Program, and private education loans; 
                
    risks related to a breach of or failure in the Company's operational or information systems or infrastructure, or those of third-party vendors, including cybersecurity risks related to the potential disclosure of confidential student loan borrower and other customer information; 
                
    uncertainties inherent in forecasting future cash flows from student loan assets and related asset-backed securitizations;  
     
    28 

the uncertain nature of the expected benefits from the acquisition of Allo Communications LLC and the ability to integrate its communications operations and successfully expand its fiber network in existing service areas and additional communities; 
                
    risks and uncertainties related to initiatives to pursue additional strategic investments and acquisitions, including investments and acquisitions that are intended to diversify the Company both within and outside of its historical core education-related businesses; and 
                
    risks and uncertainties associated with litigation matters and with maintaining compliance with the extensive regulatory requirements applicable to the Company's businesses, reputational and other risks, including the risk of increased regulatory costs, resulting from the recent politicization of student loan servicing, and uncertainties inherent in the estimates and assumptions about future events that management is required to make in the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
     All forward-looking statements contained in this report are qualified by these cautionary statements and are made only as of the date of this document.  Although the Company may from time to time voluntarily update or revise its prior forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in the Company's expectations, the Company disclaims any commitment to do so except as required by securities laws. 
   
  OVERVIEW 
    
  The Company is a diverse company with a focus on delivering education-related products and services and student loan asset management.  The largest operating businesses engage in student loan servicing, tuition payment processing and school information systems, and communications.  A significant portion of the Company's revenue is net interest income earned on a portfolio of federally insured student loans.   The Company also makes investments to further diversify the Company both within and outside of its historical core education-related businesses, including, but not limited to, investments in real estate and start-up ventures. 
    
  GAAP Net Income and Non-GAAP Net Income, Excluding Adjustments 
    
  A reconciliation of the Company's GAAP net income to net income, excluding derivative market value and foreign currency adjustments, is provided below. 

(a) 
    The tax effects are calculated by multiplying the derivative market value and foreign currency adjustments by the applicable statutory income tax rate. 
       
           (b) 
    The Company provides additional non-GAAP financial information related to specific items management believes to be important in the evaluation of its operating results and performance. "Derivative market value and foreign currency adjustments" include (i) the unrealized gains and losses that are caused by changes in fair values of derivatives which do not qualify for "hedge treatment" under GAAP; and (ii) the foreign currency transaction gains or losses caused by the re-measurement of the Company's Euro-denominated bonds to U.S. dollars. The Company believes these point-in-time estimates of asset and liability values related to these financial instruments that are subject to interest and currency rate fluctuations are subject to volatility mostly due to timing and market factors beyond the control of management, and affect the period-to-period comparability of the results of operations. Accordingly, the Company s management utilizes operating results excluding these items for comparability purposes when making decisions regarding the Company s performance and in presentations with credit rating agencies, lenders, and investors. Consequently, the Company reports this non-GAAP information because the Company believes that it provides additional information regarding operational and performance indicators that are closely assessed by management. There is no comprehensive, authoritative guidance for the presentation of such non-GAAP information, which is only meant to supplement GAAP results by providing additional information that management utilizes to assess performance. 

29 

In the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its policy to correct for an error in its method of applying the interest method used to amortize premiums and accrete discounts on its student loan portfolio.  Previously, the Company amortized premiums and accreted discounts by including in its prepayment assumption forecasted payments in excess of contractually required payments as well as forecasted defaults.  The Company has determined that only payments in excess of contractually required payments should be included in the prepayment assumption.  Under the Company's revised policy, as of September 30, 2016, the constant prepayment rate used by the Company to amortize/accrete student loan premiums/discounts was decreased.  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded an adjustment to reflect the net impact on prior periods for the correction of this error that resulted in an   $8.2 million   reduction to the Company's net loan discount balance and a corresponding increase in interest income(a   $5.2 million   after tax increase to net income).  The Company has concluded this error has an immaterial impact on 2016 results as well as the results for prior periods.   
    
  Operating Results 
    
  The Company earns net interest income on its FFELP student loan portfolio in its Asset Generation and Management ("AGM") operating segment.  This segment is expected to generate a stable net interest margin and significant amounts of cash as the FFELP portfolio amortizes.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a   $25.6 billion   student loan portfolio that will amortize over the next approximately 25 years.  The Company actively seeks to acquire additional FFELP loan portfolios to leverage its servicing scale and expertise to generate incremental earnings and cash flow.   
    
  In addition, the Company earns fee-based revenue through the following reportable operating segments: 

Student Loan and Guaranty Servicing ("LGS") - referred to as Nelnet Diversified Solutions ("NDS") 
                
    Tuition Payment Processing and Campus Commerce ("TPP CC") - referred to as Nelnet Business Solutions ("NBS") 
                
    Communications - referred to as Allo Communications ("Allo") 
       
  Other business activities and operating segments that are not reportable are combined and included in Corporate and Other Activities ("Corporate").  Corporate and Other Activities also includes income earned on certain investments and interest expense incurred on unsecured debt transactions. 
    
  Prior to January 1, 2016, the Company allocated certain corporate overhead expenses that are incurred within the Corporate and Other Activities segment to the other operating segments.  These expenses included certain corporate activities related to executive management, internal audit, enterprise risk management, and other costs incurred by the Company due to corporate-wide initiatives.  Effective January 1, 2016, internal reporting to executive management (the "chief operating decision maker") changed to eliminate the allocation of these expenses to the other segments.  Management believes the change in its allocation methodology results in a better reflection of the operating results of each of the reportable segments as if they each operated as a standalone business entity, which also reflects how management evaluates the performance of the segments.  Prior period segment operating results have been restated to conform to the current period presentation. 
    
  The information below provides the operating results for each reportable operating segment and Corporate and Other Activities for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in millions). 

30 

(a)    Revenue includes intersegment revenue earned by LGS as a result of servicing loans for AGM.  
    
           (b) 
    Total revenue includes "net interest income after provision for loan losses" and "total other income" from the Company's segment statements of income, excluding the impact from changes in fair values of derivatives and foreign currency transaction adjustments.  Net income excludes changes in fair values of derivatives and foreign currency transaction adjustments, net of tax.  For information regarding the exclusion of the impact from changes in fair values of derivatives and foreign currency transaction adjustments, see "GAAP Net Income and Non-GAAP Net Income, Excluding Adjustments" above.   
       
           (c) 
    Computed as income before income taxes divided by total revenue. 
       
  A summary of the results and financial highlights for each reportable operating segment and a summary of the Company's liquidity and capital resources follows. See "Results of Operations" for each reportable operating segment and "Liquidity and Capital Resources" under this Item 2 for additional detail. 
    
  Student Loan and Guaranty Servicing 

Revenue decreased in the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in 2015 due to a decrease in guaranty servicing and collection revenue.  The Company's guaranty servicing and collection revenue was earned from two guaranty clients, and a significant amount of such revenue came from one of those clients.  The contract with this client expired on October 31, 2015.  FFELP guaranty servicing and collection revenue recognized by the Company from this client for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015   was   $11.6   million and   $32.8   million respectively.  The other guaranty servicing and collection client exited the FFELP guaranty business at the end of their contract term on June 30, 2016. After this customer's exit from the FFELP guaranty business effective June 30, 2016, the Company has no remaining guaranty servicing and collection revenue.  

Revenue from the government servicing contract increased to   $40.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $33.2 million   for the same period in 2015, and increased to   $112.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $99.3 million   for the same period in 2015.  This increase was due to an increase in disbursements, the transfer of borrowers to the Company from a not-for-profit servicer who exited the loan servicing business, and the shift in the portfolio of loans serviced to a greater portion of loans in higher paying repayment statuses.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company was servicing $161.7 billion of student loans for 6.0 million borrowers under this contract.  

The increase in before tax operating margin for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 was due to a reduction of expenses through improved operational efficiencies. 
     
    31 

In April 2016, the Department's Office of Federal Student Aid released information regarding a new contract procurement process for the Department to acquire a single servicing platform to support the management of federal student financial aid, including the servicing of all student loans owned by the Department.  The contract solicitation process is divided into two phases. Responses for Phase I were due on May 9, 2016.  
       
  On May 6, 2016, the Company and Great Lakes submitted a joint response to Phase I as part of a newly created joint venture to respond to the contract solicitation process and to provide services under the new contract in the event that the Department selects it to be awarded with the contract.  The joint venture will operate as a new legal entity called GreatNet Solutions, LLC ("GreatNet").  The Company and Great Lakes each own 50 percent of the ownership interests of GreatNet. In addition to the Company, Great Lakes is one of four private sector companies (referred to as Title IV Additional Servicers, or "TIVAS") that currently has a student loan servicing contract with the Department to provide servicing for loans owned by the Department. On June 30, 2016, the Department announced which entities were selected to respond to Phase II of the procurement selection process.  GreatNet was one of three entities selected.  On October 26, 2016, the Department released the Phase II solicitation for its new single servicer contract.  Responses for Phase II are due December 12, 2016.  The Department anticipates the servicing system contract will be awarded by February 2017. 
    
  Tuition Payment Processing and Campus Commerce 

Revenue increased in the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015   due to increases in the number of managed tuition payment plans, campus commerce customer transaction and payments volume, and new school customers. 

The decrease in before tax operating margin for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was due to the Company's continued investment in and enhancements of payment plan and campus commerce systems and products. 

This segment is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Based on the timing of when revenue is recognized and when expenses are incurred, revenue and operating margin are higher in the first quarter as compared to the remainder of the year.  
       
  Communications 

On December 31, 2015, the Company purchased 92.5 percent of the ownership interests of Allo for total cash consideration of $46.25 million.  On January 1, 2016, the Company sold a 1.0 percent ownership interest in Allo to a non-related third-party for $0.5 million.  The remaining 7.5 percent of the ownership interests of Allo is owned by members of Allo management, who have the opportunity to earn an additional 11.5 percent (up to 19 percent) of the total ownership interests based on the financial performance of Allo.  The Allo assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded by the Company at their respective estimated fair values at the date of acquisition, and such assets and liabilities were included in the Company's balance sheet as of December 31, 2015.  However, Allo had no impact on the consolidated statement of income for 2015.  On January 1, 2016, the Company began to reflect the operations of Allo in the consolidated statements of income. 

For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the operating segment recorded a net loss of   $2.2 million   and   $3.3 million  , respectively.  The Company anticipates this operating segment will be dilutive to consolidated earnings as it continues to build its network in Lincoln, Nebraska, due to large upfront capital expenditures and associated depreciation and upfront customer acquisition costs. 

The Company currently plans to spend a total of approximately $50 million in network capital expenditures during 2016, and anticipates total capital expenditures of approximately $90 million in 2017.  However, such amounts could change based on customer demand for Allo's services.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , Allo's capital expenditures were   $24.6 million  , including   $12.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  

32 

Asset Generation and Management 

Core student loan spread was   1.26%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   1.45%   for the same period in 2015 and 1.29% for the three months ended   June 30, 2016  .  The decrease in core student loan spread for the three month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   June 30, 2016   was due to a decrease in fixed rate floor income, and the decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was due to a decrease in fixed rate floor income and a widening in the basis between the asset and debt indices in which the Company earns interest on its loans and funds such loans. 

In the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its policy to correct for an error in its method of applying the interest method used to amortize premiums and accrete discounts on its student loan portfolio.  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded an adjustment to reflect the net impact on prior periods for the correction of this error that resulted in an   $8.2 million   reduction to the Company's net loan discount balance and a corresponding increase in interest income (a   $5.2 million   after tax increase to net income). 
       
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had cash and cash equivalents of   $67.2 million  .  In addition, the Company had a portfolio of available-for-sale and trading investments, consisting primarily of student loan asset-backed securities, with a fair value of $112.6 million as of   September 30, 2016  . 

For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company generated   $258.8 million   in net cash provided by operating activities. 

Forecasted future cash flows from the Company's FFELP student loan portfolio financed in asset-backed securitization transactions are estimated to be approximately   $2.17 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  . 

The Company intends to use its liquidity position to capitalize on market opportunities, including FFELP and private education loan acquisitions; strategic acquisitions and investments; expansion of Allo's telecommunications network; and capital management initiatives, including stock repurchases, debt repurchases, and dividend distributions.  The timing and size of these opportunities will vary and will have a direct impact on the Company's cash and investment balances.  

33 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Analysis of the Company's operating results for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 is summarized below.   
    
  The Company s operating results are primarily driven by the performance of its existing portfolio and the revenues generated by its fee-based businesses and the costs to provide their products and services.  The performance of the Company s portfolio is driven by net interest income (which includes financing costs) and losses related to credit quality of the assets, along with the cost to administer and service the assets and related debt. 
    
  The Company operates in distinct operating segments as described previously.  For a reconciliation of the segment operating results to the consolidated results of operations, see note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report.  Since the Company monitors and assesses its operations and results based on these segments, the discussion following the consolidated results of operations is presented on a segment basis. 
  
    34 

35 

The following table summarizes the components of "net interest income" and "derivative settlements, net." 
                                             
    Three months ended September 30, 
      
    Nine months ended September 30, 

2016 
      
    2015 
      
    2016 
      
    2015 
      
    Additional information 
      Variable student loan interest margin, net of settlements on derivatives 
    $ 
    56,571 

58,250 

157,577 

163,404 

Represents the yield the Company receives on its student loan portfolio less the cost of funding these loans.  Variable student loan spread is also impacted by the amortization/accretion of loan premiums and discounts, the 1.05% per year consolidation loan rebate fee paid to the Department, and yield adjustments from borrower benefit programs.  In the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its policy to correct for an error in its method of applying the interest method used to amortize premiums and accrete discounts on its student loan portfolio.  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded an adjustment to reflect the net impact on prior periods for the correction of this error that resulted in an $8.2 million reduction to the Company's net loan discount balance and a corresponding increase in interest income.  See AGM operating segment - results of operations. 
      Fixed rate floor income, net of settlements on derivatives 
    36,352 

48,229 

116,479 

139,542 

The Company has a portfolio of student loans that are earning interest at a fixed borrower rate which exceeds the statutorily defined variable lender rates, generating fixed rate floor income.  See Item 3, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk - Interest Rate Risk" for additional information. 
      Investment interest  
    2,460 

1,456 

6,674 

5,548 

Non-portfolio related derivative settlements 
    (233 
    ) 
      
    (257 
    ) 
      
    (697 
    ) 
      
    (762 
    ) 

Corporate debt interest expense 
    (1,616 
    ) 
      
    (1,563 
    ) 
      
    (4,723 
    ) 
      
    (4,583 
    ) 
      
    Includes interest expense on the Junior Subordinated Hybrid Securities and unsecured and secured lines of credit.  
      Net interest income (net of settlements on derivatives) 
    $ 
    93,534 

106,115 

275,310 

303,149 

The following table summarizes the components of "Enrollment services revenue" and "Cost to provide enrollment services."  

(a) 
    On February 1, 2016, the Company sold 100 percent of the membership interests in Sparkroom LLC, which includes the majority of the Company's inquiry management products and services within Nelnet Enrollment Solutions.  The Company retained the digital marketing and content solution products and services under the brand name Peterson's within the Nelnet Enrollment Solutions business, which include test preparation study guides, school directories and databases, career exploration guides, on-line courses, scholarship search and selection data, career planning information and guides, and on-line information about colleges and universities.  The  
     
    36 

Company reclassified the revenue and cost of goods sold attributable to the Peterson's products and services from "enrollment services revenue" and "cost to provide enrollment services" to "other income" and "other expenses," respectively, on the consolidated statements of income.  After this reclassification, "enrollment services revenue" and "cost to provide enrollment services" include the operating results of the products and services sold as part of the Sparkroom disposition for all periods presented.  These reclassifications had no effect on consolidated net income.  
    
  The following table summarizes the components of "other income." 

(a) 
    Represents revenue previously included in "Enrollment services revenue" on the consolidated statements of income.  The decrease in revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 was due to the loss of rights to a certain publication.   
       
           (b) 
    The operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 include gains of $3.0 million and $3.2 million, respectively, related to the Company's sale of venture capital investments.  The operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include a gain of approximately $3.0 million related to the Company's sale of Sparkroom, LLC in February 2016. 

37 

STUDENT LOAN AND GUARANTY SERVICING OPERATING SEGMENT   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Student Loan Servicing Volumes (dollars in millions) 

Department of Education Student Loan Servicing Contract 
    
  The Company's current servicing contract with the Department expires on June 16, 2019.  In April 2016, the Department's Office of Federal Student Aid released information regarding a new contract procurement process for the Department to acquire a single servicing platform to support the management of federal student financial aid, including the servicing of all student loans owned by the Department.  The contract solicitation process is divided into two phases. Responses for Phase I were due on May 9, 2016. 
    
  On May 6, 2016, the Company and Great Lakes submitted a joint response to Phase I as part of a newly created joint venture to respond to the contract solicitation process and to provide services under the new contract in the event that the Department selects it to be awarded with the contract. The joint venture will operate as a new legal entity called GreatNet. The Company and Great Lakes each own 50 percent of the ownership interests of GreatNet. In addition to the Company, Great Lakes is one of four private sector companies that currently has a student loan servicing contract with the Department to provide servicing for loans owned by the Department.  On June 30, 2016, the Department announced which entities were selected to respond to Phase II of the procurement selection process.  GreatNet was one of three entities selected. Navient Corporation and FedLoan Servicing (Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency), both existing TIVAS, were also selected to respond to Phase II.  On October 26, 2016, the Department released the Phase II solicitation for its new single servicer contract.  Responses for Phase II are due December 12, 2016. The Department anticipates the servicing system contract will be awarded by February 2017.   

38 

During 2015, approximately 75 percent of new government student loans were allocated for servicing to the four TIVAS, with allocations based on established performance metrics compared among that group.  An additional six not-for-profit ("NFP") servicers were allocated a total of approximately 25 percent of new loans for servicing during 2015.  On March 2, 2016, the Department announced that, for the period March 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016, new student loans would be allocated for servicing among the group of ten TIVAS and NFP servicers on the basis of the currently established performance metrics as compared among all ten loan servicers in that group, pursuant to a provision in the federal budgetary Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016.  This change resulted in a decrease in the Company's overall government allocation of new student loans for servicing from 13 percent to 8 percent for the period March 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016, and the other TIVAS were similarly affected.  However, the Company did and will continue to benefit from the allocation of additional borrowers to the three NFP servicers to which the Company licenses its remote-hosted servicing software. One NFP servicer exited the Federal Direct Loan Program servicing business, transferring its 188,956 borrowers to Nelnet for servicing in August 2016. 
    
  On July 15, 2016, the Department provided an update on its Federal Direct Loan Program servicing contract, with performance metrics results for the period January 1, 2016 through May 31, 2016 and new volume allocations for its student loan servicers based on these results. The new performance results had the Company ranked fifth among all TIVAS and NFP servicers, which results in the Company being allocated 12 percent of new student loan servicing volume for the period July 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017. The Company ranked second among the four TIVAS, with Great Lakes ranking first. 
    
  Summary and Comparison of Operating Results 

39 

The following table summarizes the components of "Loan and guaranty servicing revenue." 

40 

TUITION PAYMENT PROCESSING AND CAMPUS COMMERCE OPERATING SEGMENT   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  This segment of the Company s business is subject to seasonal fluctuations which correspond, or are related to, the traditional school year. Tuition management revenue is recognized over the course of the academic term, but the peak operational activities take place in summer and early fall.  Higher amounts of revenue are typically recognized during the first quarter due to fees related to grant and aid applications as well as online applications and enrollment services.  The Company s operating expenses do not follow the seasonality of the revenues. This is primarily due to generally fixed year-round personnel costs and seasonal marketing costs.  Based on the timing of revenue recognition and when expenses are incurred, revenue and pre-tax operating margin are higher in the first quarter as compared to the remainder of the year.   
    
  Summary and Comparison of Operating Results  

41 

COMMUNICATIONS OPERATING SEGMENT   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Summary of Operating Results 
                                 
    Three months ended September 30, 2016 
      
    Nine months ended September 30, 2016 
      
    Additional information 
      Net interest expense 
    $ 
    318 

670 

Communications revenue 
    4,343 

13,167 

Communications revenue is derived primarily from the sale of pure fiber optic services to residential and business customers in Nebraska, including internet, television, and telephone services. 
      Salaries and benefits 
    2,325 

4,792 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Allo had 279 and 97 employees, respectively, including part-time employees.  Allo also uses temporary employees in the normal course of business.  Certain costs qualify for capitalization as Allo builds its network. 
      Depreciation and amortization 
    1,630 

4,137 

Depreciation reflects the allocation of the costs of Allo's property and equipment over the period in which such assets are used.  Amortization reflects the allocation of costs related to intangible assets recorded at fair value as of the date the Company acquired Allo over their estimated useful lives. 
      Cost to provide communications services  
    1,784 

5,169 

Costs of services and products is primarily associated with television programming costs. 
      Other expenses 
    1,545 

3,110 

Other operating expenses includes selling, general, and administrative expenses necessary for operations, such as advertising, occupancy, and professional services. 
      Intersegment expenses, net 
    279 

610 

Intersegment expenses represent costs for certain corporate activities that are allocated to each operating segment based on estimated use of such activities and services. 
      Total operating expenses 
    7,563 

17,818 

Loss before income taxes 
    (3,538 
    ) 
      
    (5,321 
    ) 

Income tax benefit 
    1,344 

2,022 

Net loss 
    $ 
    (2,194 
    ) 
      
    (3,299 
    ) 

Additional Information: 

Net loss 
    $ 
    (2,194 
    ) 
      
    (3,299 
    ) 

Net interest expense 
    318 

670 

Income tax benefit 
    (1,344 
    ) 
      
    (2,022 
    ) 

Depreciation and amortization 
    1,630 

4,137 

Earnings (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) 
    $ 
    (1,590 
    ) 
      
    (514 
    ) 
      
    For additional information regarding this non-GAAP measure, see the table immediately below. 

42 

Certain financial and operating data for Allo is summarized in the tables below. 

(a) 
    Earnings (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") is a supplemental non-GAAP performance measure that is frequently used in capital-intensive industries such as telecommunications.  Allo's management uses EBITDA to compare Allo's performance to that of its competitors and to eliminate certain non-cash and non-operating items in order to consistently measure performance from period to period.  EBITDA excludes interest expense and income taxes because these items are associated with a company's particular capitalization and tax structures.  EBITDA also excludes depreciation and amortization expense because these non-cash expenses primarily reflect the impact of historical capital investments, as opposed to the cash impacts of capital expenditures made in recent periods, which may be evaluated through cash flow measures.  The Company reports EBITDA for Allo because the Company believes that it provides useful additional information for investors regarding a key metric used by management to assess Allo's performance, and it provides supplemental information about Allo's operating performance on a more variable cost basis.  There are limitations to using EBITDA as a performance measure, including the difficulty associated with comparing companies that use similar performance measures whose calculations may differ from Allo's calculations.  In addition, EBITDA should not be considered a substitute for other measures of financial performance, such as net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP.  A reconciliation of EBITDA from net income (loss) under GAAP is presented in the table immediately above. 
              (b) 
    Represents the estimated number of single residence homes, apartments, and condominiums that Allo already serves and those in which Allo has the capacity to connect to its network distribution system without further material extensions to the transmission lines, but have not been connected. 

43 

ASSET GENERATION AND MANAGEMENT OPERATING SEGMENT   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Student Loan Portfolio 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a $25.6 billion student loan portfolio that will amortize over the next approximately 25 years.  For a summary of the Company s student loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
    
  Loan Activity 
    
  The following table sets forth the activity of loans: 

Allowance for Loan Losses and Loan Delinquencies 
    
  The Company maintains an allowance appropriate to absorb losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio of student loans, which results in periodic expense provisions for loan losses.  Delinquencies have the potential to adversely impact the Company s earnings through increased servicing and collection costs and account charge-offs.   
    
  For a summary of the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , and a summary of the Company's student loan delinquency amounts as of   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  , see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
    
  Provision for loan losses for federally insured loans was $7.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.0 million for the same period in 2015.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company determined an additional allowance was necessary related to a $1.2 billion (principal balance as of September 30, 2016) portfolio of federally insured rehabilitated loans that were purchased in 2012 and 2013 and recognized $5.0 million (pre-tax) in provision expense related to these loans.  For loans purchased where there is evidence of credit deterioration since the origination of the loan, the Company records a credit discount, separate from the allowance for loan losses, which is non-accretable to interest income.  Remaining discounts and premiums for purchased loans are recognized in interest income over the remaining estimated lives of the loans.  The Company continues to evaluate credit losses associated with purchased loans based on current information and changes in expectations to determine the need for any additional allowance for loan losses.  As of the date of acquisition of the $1.2 billion federally insured rehabilitated loan portfolio, which had a balance of $2.9 billion as of the date of acquisition, the Company recognized a non-accretable credit discount of $33.2 million and an accretable discount of $37.1 million.   

44 

Student Loan Spread Analysis 
    
  The following table analyzes the student loan spread on the Company s portfolio of student loans, which represents the spread between the yield earned on student loan assets and the costs of the liabilities and derivative instruments used to fund the assets. 

(a) 
    In the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its policy to correct for an error in its method of applying the interest method used to amortize premiums and accrete discounts on its student loan portfolio.  Under the Company's revised policy, as of September 30, 2016, the constant prepayment rate used by the Company to amortize/accrete student loan premiums/discounts was decreased.  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded an adjustment to reflect the net impact on prior periods for the correction of this error that resulted in an   $8.2 million   reduction to the Company's net loan discount balance and a corresponding increase in interest income.  The impact of this adjustment was excluded from the above table.  
     
    45 

A trend analysis of the Company's core and variable student loan spreads is summarized below. 

(a) 
    The interest earned on a large portion of the Company's FFELP student loan assets is indexed to the one-month LIBOR rate.  The Company funds the majority of its assets with three-month LIBOR indexed floating rate securities.  The relationship between the indices in which the Company earns interest on its loans and funds such loans has a significant impact on student loan spread.  This table (the right axis) shows the difference between the Company's liability base rate and the one-month LIBOR rate by quarter.  See Item 3,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk - Interest Rate Risk,  which provides additional detail on the Company s FFELP student loan assets and related funding for those assets. 
       
  Variable student loan spread decreased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended     September 30, 2015   due to a widening in the basis between the asset and debt indices in which the Company earns interest on its loans and funds such loans (as reflected in the table above). 
    
  The primary difference between variable student loan spread and core student loan spread is fixed rate floor income.  A summary of fixed rate floor income and its contribution to core student loan spread follows: 

(a) 
    Includes settlement payments on derivatives used to hedge student loans earning fixed rate floor income. 

46 

The high levels of fixed rate floor income earned during   2016   and   2015   are due to historically low interest rates.  If interest rates remain low, the Company anticipates continuing to earn significant fixed rate floor income in future periods. The decrease in fixed rate floor income for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in 2015 is due to an increase in interest rates. See Item 3,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk - Interest Rate Risk,  which provides additional detail on the Company s portfolio earning fixed rate floor income and the derivatives used by the Company to hedge these loans. 
    
  Summary and Comparison of Operating Results  

47 

The following table summarizes the components of "net interest income after provision for loan losses" and "derivative settlements, net." 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  The Company s Student Loan and Guaranty Servicing and Tuition Payment Processing and Campus Commerce operating segments are non-capital intensive and both produce positive operating cash flows. As such, a minimal amount of debt and equity capital is allocated to these segments and any liquidity or capital needs are satisfied using cash flow from operations. Therefore, the Liquidity and Capital Resources discussion is concentrated on the Company s liquidity and capital needs to meet existing debt obligations in the Asset Generation and Management operating segment and capital needs to expand Allo's communications network in the Company's Communications operating segment. 
    
  Sources of Liquidity  
    
  The Company has historically generated positive cash flow from operations.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the year ended   December 31, 2015  , the Company's net cash provided by operating activities was   $258.8 million   and $391.4 million, respectively. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $  67.2 million  . The Company also had a portfolio of available-for-sale and trading investments, consisting primarily of student loan asset-backed securities, with a fair value of   $112.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 

48 

The Company also has a $350.0 million unsecured line of credit that matures on October 30, 2020.  As of   September 30, 2016  , no amounts were outstanding on the unsecured line of credit and   $350.0 million   was available for future use.  
    
  In addition, the Company has repurchased certain of its own asset-backed securities (bonds and notes payable) in the secondary market.  For accounting purposes, these notes are effectively retired and are not included on the Company s consolidated balance sheet.  However, these securities are legally outstanding at the trust level and the Company could sell these notes to third parties or redeem the notes at par as cash is generated by the trust estate.  Upon a sale of these notes to third parties, the Company would obtain cash proceeds equal to the market value of the notes on the date of such sale.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company holds $59.6 million (par value) of its own asset-backed securities that are not included in the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  The Company intends to use its liquidity position to capitalize on market opportunities, including FFELP and private education loan acquisitions; strategic acquisitions and investments; expansion of Allo's telecommunications network; and capital management initiatives, including stock repurchases, debt repurchases, and dividend distributions.  The timing and size of these opportunities will vary and will have a direct impact on the Company's cash and investment balances.  
    
  Cash Flows  
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company generated   $258.8 million   from operating activities, compared to   $307.4 million   for the same period in 2015.  The decrease in cash provided by operating activities reflects a decrease in net income, changes in the adjustments to net income for non-cash fair value adjustments for derivatives, and a decrease in proceeds from terminating certain derivative instrument contracts during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in 2015.  These factors were partially offset by changes in non-cash adjustments for foreign currency transaction adjustments, proceeds from sales of trading securities, and a larger increase in accounts receivable during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the same period in 2016.  Accrued interest on loans purchased is included in cash flows from operating activities in the respective period of the purchase.  Net purchased accrued interest was $70.6 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Net purchased accrued interest for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was not significant. 
    
  The primary items included in the statement of cash flows for investing activities are the purchase and repayment of student loans.  The primary items included in financing activities are the proceeds from the issuance of and payments on bonds and notes payable used to fund student loans.  Cash provided by investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was   $2.7 billion   and   $0.8 billion  , respectively.  Cash used in financing activities was   $2.9 billion   and   $1.2 billion   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  Investing and financing activities are further addressed in the discussion that follows. 
    
  Liquidity Needs and Sources of Liquidity Available to Satisfy Debt Obligations Secured by Student Loan Assets and Related Collateral 
    
  The following table shows the Company's debt obligations outstanding that are secured by student loan assets and related collateral. 

Bonds and Notes Issued in Asset-backed Securitizations 
    
  The majority of the Company s portfolio of student loans is funded in asset-backed securitizations that are structured to substantially match the maturity of the funded assets, thereby minimizing liquidity risk. In addition, due to (i) the difference between the yield the Company receives on the loans and cost of financing within these transactions, and (ii) the servicing and administration fees the Company earns from these transactions, the Company has created a portfolio that will generate earnings and significant cash flow over the life of these transactions. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , based on cash flow models developed to reflect management s current estimate of, among other factors, prepayments, defaults, deferment, forbearance, and interest rates, the Company currently expects future undiscounted cash flows  
  
    49 

from its portfolio to be approximately   $2.17 billion   as detailed below.  The   $2.17 billion   includes approximately   $727.1 million   (as of   September 30, 2016  ) of overcollateralization included in the asset-backed securitizations.  These excess net asset positions are reflected variously in the following balances in the consolidated balance sheet:  "student loans receivable," "restricted cash and investments," and "accrued interest receivable." 
    
  The forecasted cash flow presented below includes all loans funded in asset-backed securitizations as of   September 30, 2016  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $23.8 billion   of loans included in asset-backed securitizations, which represented   93.1 percent   of its total FFELP student loan portfolio. The forecasted cash flow does not include cash flows that the Company expects to receive related to loans funded in its warehouse facilities as of   September 30, 2016   or loans acquired subsequent to   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  FFELP Asset-backed Securitization Cash Flow Forecast 
  $2.17 billion    
  (dollars in millions) 

The Company uses various assumptions, including prepayments and future interest rates, when preparing its cash flow forecast.  These assumptions are further discussed below. 
    
  Prepayments  :  The primary variable in establishing a life of loan estimate is the level and timing of prepayments. Prepayment rates equal the amount of loans that prepay annually as a percentage of the beginning of period balance, net of scheduled principal payments.  A number of factors can affect estimated prepayment rates, including the level of consolidation activity, borrower default rates, and utilization of FFEL Program debt management options such as income-based repayment, deferments, and forbearance.  Should any of these factors change, management may revise its assumptions, which in turn would impact the projected future cash flow. The Company s cash flow forecast above assumes prepayment rates that are generally consistent with those utilized in the Company s recent asset-backed securitization transactions. If management used a prepayment rate assumption two times greater than what was used to forecast the cash flow, the cash flow forecast would be reduced by approximately   $220 million   to   $280 million  . 
    
  Interest rates  :  The Company funds the majority of its student loans with three-month LIBOR indexed floating rate securities.  Meanwhile, the interest earned on the Company s student loan assets is indexed primarily to a one-month LIBOR rate.  The different interest rate characteristics of the Company s loan assets and liabilities funding these assets result in basis risk.  The Company s cash flow forecast assumes three-month LIBOR will exceed one-month LIBOR by 12 basis points for the life of the portfolio, which approximates the historical relationship between these indices.  If the forecast is computed assuming a spread of 24 basis points between three-month and one-month LIBOR for the life of the portfolio, the cash flow forecast would be reduced by approximately   $70 million   to   $110 million  . 

50 

The Company uses the current forward interest rate yield curve to forecast cash flows.  A change in the forward interest rate curve would impact the future cash flows generated from the portfolio.  An increase in future interest rates will reduce the amount of fixed rate floor income the Company is currently receiving.  The Company attempts to mitigate the impact of a rise in short-term rates by hedging interest rate risks. See Item 3, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   Interest Rate Risk." 
    
  FFELP Warehouse Facilities 
    
  The Company funds a portion of its FFELP loan acquisitions using its FFELP warehouse facilities. Student loan warehousing allows the Company to buy and manage student loans prior to transferring them into more permanent financing arrangements.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had three FFELP warehouse facilities with an aggregate maximum financing amount available of   $2.1 billion  , of which   $1.7 billion   was outstanding, and   $0.4 billion   was available for additional funding.  Of the three facilities, one facility provides for formula-based advance rates, depending on FFELP loan type, up to a maximum of the principal and interest of loans financed.  The advance rate for collateral may increase or decrease based on market conditions.  The other two FFELP warehouse facilities have static advance rates that require initial equity for loan funding, but do not require increased equity based on market movements. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $96.3 million   advanced as equity support on these facilities.  For further discussion of the Company's FFELP warehouse facilities outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
    
  Upon termination or expiration of the warehouse facilities, the Company would expect to access the securitization market, obtain replacement warehouse facilities, use operating cash, consider the sale of assets, or transfer collateral to satisfy any remaining obligations. 
    
  Private Education Loan Warehouse Facility 
    
  On June 26, 2015, the Company entered into a   $275.0 million   private education loan warehouse facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $206.6 million   outstanding on the facility and   $68.4 million   was available for future use.  The facility has a static advance rate that requires initial equity for loan funding, but does not require increased equity based on market movements.  The maximum advance rate on the entire facility is   88 percent   and minimum advance rates, depending on loan characteristics and program type, ranged from   64 percent   to   99 percent  .  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $30.3 million   was advanced on the facility as equity support.  The facility is supported by liquidity provisions, which had an original expiration date of   June 24, 2016  . 
  On April 1, 2016, the Company amended the agreement for this facility to change the expiration date for the liquidity provisions to October 28, 2016, and to change the final maturity date to April 28, 2017. In addition, the minimum advance rates, depending on loan characteristics and program type, were changed to a range from 61.75 percent to 95.00 percent, and the maximum advance rate on the entire facility remained at 88 percent. On October 28, 2016, the Company amended the agreement for this facility to change the expiration date for the liquidity provisions to December 21, 2016; the final maturity date remained unchanged at April 28, 2017.  In the event the Company is unable to renew the liquidity provisions by the amended expiration date of December 21, 2016, the facility would become a term facility at a stepped-up cost, with no additional student loans being eligible for financing, and the Company would be required to refinance the existing loans in the facility by the facility's final maturity date of April 28, 2017.    
  Upon termination or expiration of the warehouse facility, the Company would expect to access the securitization market, obtain replacement warehouse facilities, use operating cash, consider the sale of assets, or transfer collateral to satisfy any remaining obligations. 
  Other Borrowings 
  The Company had a $75.0 million line of credit, which was collateralized by asset-backed security investments, that expired on October 31, 2016.  As of   September 30, 2016  , $75.0 million was outstanding on this line of credit.  Upon expiration of the line of credit on October 31, 2016, the Company used operating cash and borrowed money on its $350.0 million unsecured line of credit to pay off the outstanding $75.0 million balance of this debt facility.   
  Other Uses of Liquidity 
    
  Effective July 1, 2010, no new loan originations can be made under the FFEL Program and all new federal loan originations must be made through the Federal Direct Loan Program.  As a result, the Company no longer originates new FFELP loans, but continues to acquire FFELP loan portfolios from third parties and believes additional loan purchase opportunities exist. 

51 

The Company plans to fund future FFELP student loan acquisitions using current cash and investments; using its Union Bank participation agreement (as described below); using its FFELP warehouse facilities (as described above); and continuing to access the asset-backed securitization market.  
    
  Union Bank Participation Agreement 
    
  The Company maintains an agreement with Union Bank and Trust Company ("Union Bank"), a related party, as trustee for various grantor trusts, under which Union Bank has agreed to purchase from the Company participation interests in student loans.   As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $561.8 million   of loans were subject to outstanding participation interests held by Union Bank, as trustee, under this agreement. The agreement automatically renews annually and is terminable by either party upon five business days' notice. This agreement provides beneficiaries of Union Bank s grantor trusts with access to investments in interests in student loans, while providing liquidity to the Company.  The Company can participate loans to Union Bank to the extent of availability under the grantor trusts, up to $750 million or an amount in excess of $750 million if mutually agreed to by both parties.  Loans participated under this agreement have been accounted for by the Company as loan sales.  Accordingly, the participation interests sold are not included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Asset-backed Securities Transactions 
    
  The Company, through its subsidiaries, has historically funded student loans by completing asset-backed securitizations. Beginning in 2015, Fitch Ratings and Moody s Investors Service placed numerous tranches of FFELP securitizations by various issuers, including certain tranches of prior FFELP securitizations issued by subsidiaries of the Company, on review for potential downgrade due to principal payments and prepayments on the underlying student loans coming in slower than initial expectations, and the resulting risk that certain principal maturities on those FFELP securitizations may not be met by the final maturity dates, which could result in an event of default under the underlying securitization agreements. Such rating actions have caused the spreads on FFELP securitizations in general to widen and have reduced the liquidity in the secondary market for FFELP securitizations. 
    
  In July 2016, Fitch published revised criteria for its ratings of FFELP securitizations, and in August 2016, Moody s published an updated methodology for its ratings of FFELP securitizations. In September-October 2016, Fitch downgraded, under its revised criteria, its rating of one tranche from a prior Company-sponsored securitization, and Moody s downgraded, under its updated methodology, its ratings of six tranches from prior Company-sponsored securitizations and four tranches from securitizations acquired by the Company from third parties. 
    
  On June 15, 2016, the Company announced the launch of an online investor communication forum to facilitate the amendment of securitizations to extend the legal final maturity dates.  On September 13, 2016, the Company announced that it had received investor consent to extend by five years the legal final maturity on nine securitizations, which represent a total of approximately $4.8 billion in original par value. The effective date of the amendments to each of the nine securitizations was September 20, 2016.  Depending on future investor consent, the Company may seek to extend the legal final maturity dates on additional securitizations. 
    
  The ultimate impact of these developments on the Company s current and future securitizations is uncertain. Depending on future rating agency actions and market conditions, the Company currently anticipates continuing to access the asset-backed securitization market for both FFELP and private education loans. Such asset-backed securitization transactions would be used to refinance student loans included in its warehouse facilities, student loans purchased from third parties, and/or student loans in its existing asset-backed securitizations. 
    
  On October 12, 2016, the Company completed an asset-backed securitization totaling $426.0 million (par value). The proceeds from this transaction were used primarily to refinance student loans included in the Company's FFELP warehouse facilities. 

52 

Liquidity Impact Related to Hedging Activities 
    
  The Company utilizes derivative instruments to manage interest rate sensitivity. By using derivative instruments, the Company is exposed to market risk which could impact its liquidity.  Based on the derivative portfolio outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company does not currently anticipate any movement in interest rates having a material impact on its capital or liquidity profile, nor does the Company expect that any movement in interest rates would have a material impact on its ability to meet potential collateral deposits with its counterparties. However, if interest rates move materially and negatively impact the fair value of the Company's derivative portfolio or if the Company enters into additional derivatives for which the fair value becomes negative, the Company could be required to deposit additional collateral with its derivative instrument counterparties and/or a third-party clearinghouse. The collateral deposits, if significant, could negatively impact the Company's liquidity and capital resources. As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the Company's derivatives which had a negative fair value (a liability in the Company's balance sheet), was   $65.1 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had $62.7 million of collateral deposited with counterparties or a clearinghouse related to these derivatives. 
    
  Liquidity Impact Related to the Communications Operating Segment 
    
  Allo has made significant investments in its communications network and currently provides fiber directly to homes and businesses in seven Nebraska communities.  In November 2015, Allo announced plans to expand its network to make its services available to substantially all commercial and residential premises in Lincoln, Nebraska, and currently plans to expand to additional communities in Nebraska and surrounding states over the next several years.  The Company currently plans to spend approximately $50 million in total in network capital expenditures during 2016, and anticipates total capital expenditures of approximately $90 million in 2017. However, such amounts could change based on customer demand for Allo's services.  For the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  , Allo's capital expenditures were   $24.6 million  .  
    
  Other Debt Facilities 
    
  As discussed above, the Company has a   $350.0 million   unsecured line of credit with a maturity date of October 30, 2020.  As of   September 30, 2016  , no amounts were outstanding on the unsecured line of credit and   $350.0 million   was available for future use.  Upon the maturity date in 2020 there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain this line of credit, increase the amount outstanding under the line, or find alternative funding if necessary. 
    
  The Company has issued Junior Subordinated Hybrid Securities (the "Hybrid Securities") that have a final maturity date of September 15, 2061.  The Hybrid Securities are unsecured obligations of the Company.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $57.2 million   of Hybrid Securities were outstanding.   
    
  The Company also has two notes payable, which were each issued by TDP Phase Three, LLC ("TDP") on December 30, 2015 in connection with the development of a commercial building.  TDP is an entity established during 2015 for the sole purpose of developing and operating a commercial building.  The Company owns 25 percent of TDP.  However, because the Company plans to be a tenant in this building once the development is complete, the operating results of TDP are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements.  As of   September 30, 2016  , one of the TDP notes has $12.0 million outstanding with a maturity date of March 31, 2023; the other TDP note has $6.4 million outstanding with a maturity date of December 15, 2045.  Recourse to the Company on the outstanding balance of these notes is equal to its ownership percentage of TDP. 
    
  Debt Repurchases 
    
  Due to the Company's positive liquidity position and opportunities in the capital markets, the Company has repurchased its own debt over the last several years, and may continue to do so in the future.  For a summary of the Company's debt repurchases during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report.  

53 

Stock Repurchases 
    
  On May 7, 2015, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to a total of five million shares of the Company's Class A common stock during the three-year period ending May 24, 2018. In May 2016, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program to repurchase up to a total of five million shares of the Company's Class A common stock during the three-year period ending May 25, 2019. The five million shares authorized under the new program included the remaining 1,664,223 un-repurchased shares from the prior program, which the new program replaced. Under the program, shares may be repurchased from time to time depending on various factors, including share prices and other potential uses of liquidity.  Shares repurchased by the Company during the three months ended March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and   September 30, 2016   are shown below.  For additional information on stock repurchases during 2016, see "Stock Repurchases" under Part II, Item 2 of this report. 

As of   September 30, 2016  ,   4,793,883   shares remain authorized for repurchase under this stock repurchase program.  
    
  During the period October 1, 2016 through November 9, 2016, the Company purchased an additional 212,994 shares of its Class A common stock for a total of $8.4 million ($39.48 per share).  These purchases were made pursuant to a trading plan adopted by the Company in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   
    
  Dividends 
    
  On September 15, 2016, the Company paid a   third   quarter 2016 cash dividend on the Company's Class A and Class B common stock of $0.12 per share. In addition, the Company's Board of Directors has declared a fourth quarter 2016 cash dividend on the Company's outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock of $0.14 per share.  The fourth quarter cash dividend will be paid on December 15, 2016, to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 1, 2016.   
    
  The Company currently plans to continue making regular quarterly dividend payments, subject to future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors.  In addition, the payment of dividends is subject to the terms of the Company s outstanding Hybrid Securities, which generally provide that if the Company defers interest payments on those securities it cannot pay dividends on its capital stock. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors. 
    
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses the Company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  A discussion of the Company's critical accounting policies, which include allowance for loan losses, revenue recognition (including premium amortization and discount accretion related to the Company's student loan portfolio), consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, income taxes, and accounting for derivatives can be found in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  Other than as discussed below, there were no significant changes to these critical accounting policies during 2016. 

54 

In the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its policy to correct for an error in its method of applying the interest method used to amortize premiums and accrete discounts on its student loan portfolio.  Previously, the Company amortized premiums and accreted discounts by including in its prepayment assumption forecasted payments in excess of contractually required payments as well as forecasted defaults.  The Company has determined that only payments in excess of contractually required payments should be included in the prepayment assumption.  Under the Company's revised policy, as of September 30, 2016, the constant prepayment rate used by the Company to amortize/accrete student loan premiums/discounts was decreased.  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded an adjustment to reflect the net impact on prior periods for the correction of this error that resulted in an   $8.2 million   reduction to the Company's net loan discount balance and a corresponding increase in interest income(a   $5.2 million   after tax increase to net income).  The Company has concluded this error has an immaterial impact on 2016 results as well as the results for prior periods. 
    
  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued accounting guidance regarding the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers.  This guidance will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance once it becomes effective on January 1, 2018 and the standard allows the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method.  The Company is continuing to evaluate the impact this standard will have on its ongoing financial reporting.  However, the Company does not currently believe the implementation will have a material impact to its financial statements.  The Company currently plans to use the cumulative effect transition method.  
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance regarding the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, which will change the income statement impact of equity investments, and the recognition of changes in fair value of financial liabilities when the fair value option is elected.   The new guidance requires all equity investments to be measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee), and requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments.  This guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted for the provisions related to the recognition of changes in fair value of financial liabilities when the fair value option is elected.  The Company is evaluating the impact this standard will have on its ongoing financial reporting.     
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance regarding the accounting for leases. The new standard will require most leases where the Company is the lessee to be recognized on the balance sheet, as well as certain changes in the lessor accounting. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019 and will be applied retrospectively. The Company is evaluating the impact this standard will have on its ongoing financial reporting.  
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance regarding the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments, which will change the way entities recognize impairment of many financial assets by requiring immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the asset's remaining life.  This guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2020.  Early application is permitted beginning January 1, 2019.  The Company is evaluating the impact this standard will have on its ongoing financial reporting.   

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  (All dollars are in thousands, except share amounts, unless otherwise noted) 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  The Company s primary market risk exposure arises from fluctuations in its borrowing and lending rates, the spread between which could impact the Company due to shifts in market interest rates.  

55 

The following table sets forth the Company s loan assets and debt instruments by interest rate characteristics: 

FFELP loans originated prior to April 1, 2006 generally earn interest at the higher of the borrower rate, which is fixed over a period of time, or a floating rate based on the special allowance payment ("SAP") formula set by the Department.  The SAP rate is based on an applicable index plus a fixed spread that depends on loan type, origination date, and repayment status. The Company generally finances its student loan portfolio with variable rate debt. In low and/or declining interest rate environments, when the fixed borrower rate is higher than the SAP rate, the Company s student loans earn at a fixed rate while the interest on the variable rate debt typically continues to reflect the low and/or declining interest rates. In these interest rate environments, the Company may earn additional spread income that it refers to as floor income. 
    
  Depending on the type of loan and when it was originated, the borrower rate is either fixed to term or is reset to an annual rate each July 1. As a result, for loans where the borrower rate is fixed to term, the Company may earn floor income for an extended period of time, which the Company refers to as fixed rate floor income, and for those loans where the borrower rate is reset annually on July 1, the Company may earn floor income to the next reset date, which the Company refers to as variable rate floor income.  All FFELP loans first originated on or after April 1, 2006 effectively earn at the SAP rate, since lenders are required to rebate fixed rate floor income and variable rate floor income for those loans to the Department. 
    
  No variable-rate floor income was earned by the Company during 2015 and 2016.  A summary of fixed rate floor income earned by the Company follows. 

(a) 
    Includes settlement payments on derivatives used to hedge student loans earning fixed rate floor income. 
       
  The high levels of fixed rate floor income earned during   2016   and   2015   are due to historically low interest rates.  If interest rates remain low, the Company anticipates continuing to earn significant fixed rate floor income in future periods.  Fixed rate floor income decreased for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same periods in 2015 due to an increase in interest rates. 
    
  Absent the use of derivative instruments, a rise in interest rates may reduce the amount of floor income received and this may have an impact on earnings due to interest margin compression caused by increasing financing costs, until such time as the federally insured loans earn interest at a variable rate in accordance with their special allowance payment formulas. In higher interest rate environments, where the interest rate rises above the borrower rate and fixed rate loans effectively become variable rate loans, the impact of the rate fluctuations is reduced. 

56 

The following graph depicts fixed rate floor income for a borrower with a fixed rate of 6.75% and a SAP rate of 2.64%: 
   The following table shows the Company s federally insured student loan assets that were earning fixed rate floor income as of   September 30, 2016  .  

(a) 
    The estimated variable conversion rate is the estimated short-term interest rate at which loans would convert to a variable rate.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average estimated variable conversion rate was   2.34%   and the short-term interest rate was   52   basis points. 

57 

The following table summarizes the outstanding derivative instruments as of   September 30, 2016   used by the Company to economically hedge loans earning fixed rate floor income. 

(a) 
    For all interest rate derivatives, the Company receives discrete three-month LIBOR. 
     In addition, on August 20, 2014, the Company paid   $9.1 million   for an interest rate swap option to economically hedge loans earning fixed rate floor income.  The interest rate swap option gives the Company the right, but not the obligation, to enter into a   $250 million   notional interest rate swap in which the Company would pay a fixed amount of   3.30%   and receive discrete one-month LIBOR.  If the interest rate swap option is exercised, the swap would become effective in 2019 and mature in 2024. 
    
  The Company is also exposed to interest rate risk in the form of basis risk and repricing risk because the interest rate characteristics of the Company s assets do not match the interest rate characteristics of the funding for those assets.  The following table presents the Company s FFELP student loan assets and related funding for those assets arranged by underlying indices as of   September 30, 2016  : 

(a) 
    The Company has certain basis swaps outstanding in which the Company receives three-month LIBOR and pays one-month LIBOR plus or minus a spread as defined in the agreements (the "1:3 Basis Swaps"). The Company entered into these derivative instruments to better match the interest rate characteristics on its student loan assets and the debt funding such assets. The following table summarizes the 1:3 Basis Swaps outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . 

The weighted average rate paid by the Company on the 1:3 Basis Swaps as of   September 30, 2016   was one-month LIBOR plus 9.5 basis points.  
    
           (b) 
    The Company has Euro-denominated notes that reprice on the EURIBOR index. The Company has entered into a cross-currency interest rate swap that converts the EURIBOR index to three-month LIBOR. As a result, these notes are reflected in the three-month LIBOR category in the above table. See  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  below. 
       
           (c) 
    The interest rates on certain of the Company's asset-backed securities are set and periodically reset via a "dutch auction" ( Auction Rate Securities ).  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was sponsor for   $1.2 billion   of Auction Rate Securities.  Since February 2008, problems in the auction rate securities market as a whole have led to failures of the auctions pursuant to which the Company's Auction Rate Securities' interest rates are set.  As a result, the Auction Rate  
     
    58 

Securities generally pay interest to the holder at a maximum rate as defined by the indenture. While these rates will vary, they will generally be based on a spread to LIBOR or Treasury Securities, or the Net Loan Rate as defined in the financing documents.  
    
           (d) 
    The interest rates on certain of the Company's warehouse facilities are indexed to asset-backed commercial paper rates. 
       
           (e) 
    Assets include accrued interest receivable and restricted cash and investments.  Funding represents overcollateralization (equity) included in FFELP asset-backed securitizations and warehouse facilities and other liabilities funding student loans and related assets.  
     
    59 

Sensitivity Analysis 
    
  The following tables summarize the effect on the Company s earnings, based upon a sensitivity analysis performed by the Company assuming hypothetical increases in interest rates of 100 basis points and 300 basis points while funding spreads remain constant. In addition, a sensitivity analysis was performed assuming the funding index increases 10 basis points and 30 basis points while holding the asset index constant, if the funding index is different than the asset index. The sensitivity analysis was performed on the Company s variable rate assets (including loans earning fixed rate floor income) and liabilities. The analysis includes the effects of the Company s interest rate and basis swaps in existence during these periods. 

60 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
    
  The Company has issued    352.7 million   of student loan asset-backed Euro Notes (the "Euro Notes") with an interest rate based on a spread to the EURIBOR index.  As a result, the Company is exposed to market risk related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and Euro.  The Company has entered into a cross-currency interest rate swap in connection with the issuance of the Euro Notes. See note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report for additional information, including a summary of the terms of the cross-currency interest rate swap associated with the Euro Notes and the related financial statement impact. 
    
  Financial Statement Impact   Derivatives and Foreign Currency Transaction Adjustments 
    
  For a table summarizing the effect of derivative instruments in the consolidated statements of income, including the components of "derivative market value and foreign currency adjustments and derivative settlements, net" included in the consolidated statements of income, see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Under supervision and with the participation of certain members of the Company s management, including the chief executive and chief financial officers, the Company completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in SEC Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on this evaluation, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the chief executive and chief financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  There have been no material changes from the information set forth in the Legal Proceedings section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 under Item 3 of Part I of such Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
    
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 in response to Item 1A of Part I of such Form 10-K. 

61 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  Stock Repurchases 
    
  The following table summarizes the repurchases of Class A common stock during the   third   quarter of   2016   by the Company or any  affiliated purchaser  of the Company, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  Certain share repurchases included in the table below were made pursuant to a trading plan adopted by the Company in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(a) 
    The total number of shares includes:  (i) shares repurchased pursuant to the stock repurchase program discussed in footnote (b) below; and (ii) shares owned and tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted shares.  Shares of Class A common stock tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations included   564   shares,   0   shares, and   2,510   shares in   July  ,   August  , and   September   2016, respectively.  Unless otherwise indicated, shares owned and tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations were purchased at the closing price of the Company s shares on the date of vesting. 
       
           (b) 
    On May 7, 2015, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to a total of five million shares of the Company's Class A common stock during the three-year period ending May 24, 2018. On August 4, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program in May 2016 to repurchase up to a total of five million shares of the Company's Class A common stock during the three-year period ending May 25, 2019. The five million shares authorized under the new program include the remaining 1,644,223 un-repurchased shares from the prior program, which the new program replaced.  
       
  Working capital and dividend restrictions/limitations 
    
  The Company s credit facilities, including its revolving line of credit which is available through October 30, 2020, impose restrictions with respect to the Company s minimum consolidated net worth, the ratio of the Company s adjusted EBITDA to corporate debt interest, the amount of recourse indebtedness, the amount and nature of investments and business acquisitions, and the amount of private education loans held by the Company. In addition, trust indentures and other financing agreements governing debt issued by the Company's education lending subsidiaries may have general limitations on the amounts of funds that can be transferred to the Company by its subsidiaries through cash dividends. 
    
  The supplemental indenture for the Company s Hybrid Securities issued in September 2006 provides that so long as any Hybrid Securities remain outstanding, if the Company gives notice of its election to defer interest payments but the related deferral period has not yet commenced or a deferral period is continuing, then the Company will not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to: 

declare or pay any dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire or make a liquidation payment regarding, any of the Company s capital stock. 

except as required in connection with the repayment of principal, and except for any partial payments of deferred interest that may be made through the alternative payment mechanism described in the Hybrid Securities indenture, make any payment of principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, or repay, repurchase, or redeem any of the Company s debt securities that rank   pari passu   with or junior to the Hybrid Securities. 

make any guarantee payments regarding any guarantee by the Company of the subordinated debt securities of any of the Company s subsidiaries if the guarantee ranks   pari passu   with or junior in interest to the Hybrid Securities. 

62 

In addition, if any deferral period lasts longer than one year, the limitation on the Company s ability to redeem or repurchase any of its securities that rank   pari passu   with or junior in interest to the Hybrid Securities will continue until the first anniversary of the date on which all deferred interest has been paid or canceled. 
    
  If the Company is involved in a business combination where immediately after its consummation more than 50% of the surviving entity s voting stock is owned by the shareholders of the other party to the business combination, then the immediately preceding sentence will not apply to any deferral period that is terminated on the next interest payment date following the date of consummation of the business combination. 
    
  However, at any time, including during a deferral period, the Company will be permitted to: 

pay dividends or distributions in additional shares of the Company s capital stock. 

declare or pay a dividend in connection with the implementation of a shareholders  rights plan, or issue stock under such a plan, or redeem or repurchase any rights distributed pursuant to such a plan. 

purchase common stock for issuance pursuant to any employee benefit plans. 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 
                    31.1* 
    Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey R. Noordhoek. 

31.2* 
    Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Chief Financial Officer James D. Kruger. 

32** 
    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS* 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

*     Filed herewith 
      ** Furnished herewith 

63 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NELNET, INC. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ JEFFREY R. NOORDHOEK 

Name: 
    Jeffrey R. Noordhoek 

Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 
  Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
    /s/ JAMES D. KRUGER 
      
      Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
    Name: 
    James D. Kruger 

Title:  
    Chief Financial Officer 
  Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

64 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nni-93016xex_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Jeffrey R. Noordhoek, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   quarterly   report on Form   10-Q   of Nelnet, Inc. (the  Company  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                                                                           Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
    /s/ JEFFREY R. NOORDHOEK 

Jeffrey R. Noordhoek                       Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nni-93016xex_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, James D. Kruger, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   quarterly   report on Form   10-Q   of Nelnet, Inc. (the  Company  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
    /s/ JAMES D. KRUGER 

James D. Kruger 
  Chief Financial Officer  
  Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 nni-93016xex_32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nelnet, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form   10-Q   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By:   /s/ JEFFREY R. NOORDHOEK 

Name: Jeffrey R. Noordhoek 
  Title:   Chief Executive Officer 
  Principal Executive Officer 

By:   /s/ JAMES D. KRUGER 

Name: James D. Kruger 
  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 
  Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 nni-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nni-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nni-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nni-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nni-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nni-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

