<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_731766_0000731766-16-000088_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10892209</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87997</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>512888</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4171176</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4776281</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1136607</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000731766-16-000088.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108163828
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000731766-16-000088
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000731766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOSPITAL & MEDICAL SERVICE PLANS [6324]
		IRS NUMBER:				411321939
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10864
		FILM NUMBER:		161981729

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNITEDHEALTH GROUP CENTER
		STREET 2:		9900 BREN ROAD EAST
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55343
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9529361300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9900 BREN ROAD EAST
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55343

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED HEALTHCARE CORP/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED HEALTHCARE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000731766-16-000088.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 unh930201610-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  __________________________________________________________  
  Form 10-Q 
  __________________________________________________________  

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  or 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _______ TO _______ 
  Commission file number: 1-10864 
  __________________________________________________________  
                       
  UnitedHealth Group Incorporated 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
   __________________________________________________________  
                   Delaware 
      
    41-1321939 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

UnitedHealth Group Center 
  9900 Bren Road East 
  Minnetonka, Minnesota 
      
    55343 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(952) 936-1300 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  __________________________________________________________   
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes [X] No [ ] 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes [X] No [ ] 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
                                   Large accelerated filer 
    [X] 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    [ ] 
      
    Non-accelerated filer 
    [ ] 
      
    Smaller reporting company 
    [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes [ ]     No [X] 
    
  As of October 31, 2016, there were   951,816,220   shares of the registrant s Common Stock, $.01 par value per share, issued and outstanding.                         

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP 
  Table of Contents 

Page 

Part I. Financial Information  
      
       Item 1.  
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended                       September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended                                         September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Nine Months Ended                                               September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     5  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     6  

1.  
     Basis of Presentation  
    6 

2.  
     Investments   
    8 

3.  
     Fair Value  
    9 

4.  
     Medicare Part D Pharmacy Benefits  
    12 

5.  
     Other Current Receivables  
    12 

6.  
     Medical Costs Reserve Development  
    12 

7.  
     Commercial Paper and Long-Term Debt  
    13 

8.  
     Shareholders  Equity  
    14 

9.  
     Commitments and Contingencies  
    14 

10.  
     Segment Financial Information  
    15 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    17 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    25 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    26 
       Part II. Other Information  
      
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    26 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    26 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    27 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    27 
       Signatures  
    28 

PART I 
   
  ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  UnitedHealth Group 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

UnitedHealth Group 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

UnitedHealth Group 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

UnitedHealth Group 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

UnitedHealth Group 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

UnitedHealth Group 
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1.   Basis of Presentation 
  UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (individually and together with its subsidiaries,  UnitedHealth Group  and  the Company ) is a diversified health and well-being company dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and making the health system work better for everyone. Through its diversified family of businesses, the Company leverages core competencies in advanced, enabling technology; health care data, information and intelligence; and clinical care management and coordination to help meet the demands of the health system. The Company offers a broad spectrum of products and services through two distinct platforms: UnitedHealthcare, which provides health care coverage and benefits services; and Optum, which provides pharmacy care services and information and technology-enabled health services.  
  The Company has prepared the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements according to U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and has included the accounts of UnitedHealth Group and its subsidiaries. The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. In accordance with the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Company has omitted certain footnote disclosures that would substantially duplicate the disclosures contained in its annual audited Consolidated Financial Statements. Therefore, these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes included in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   as filed with the SEC (  2015   10-K). The accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present the interim financial statements fairly.  
  Use of Estimates 
  These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include certain amounts based on the Company s best estimates and judgments. The Company s most significant estimates relate to estimates and judgments for medical costs payable and revenues, valuation and impairment analysis of goodwill and other intangible assets and valuations of certain investments. Certain of these estimates require the application of complex assumptions and judgments, often because they involve matters that are inherently uncertain and will likely change in subsequent periods. The impact of any change in estimates is included in earnings in the period in which the estimate is adjusted. 
  The accounting policies disclosed in Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in the 2015 10-K remain unchanged. 
  Reclassification 
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company aligned its accounting policy to conform the presentation of certain pharmacy fulfillment costs related to an acquired OptumRx business. These costs are now included in medical costs and cost of products sold, whereas they were previously included in operating costs. Prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. The reclassification increased medical expenses by   $111 million   and   $313 million  , decreased operating costs by   $123 million   and   $352 million   and increased cost of products sold by   $12 million   and   $39 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The reclassification had no impact on total operating costs, earnings from operations, net earnings, earnings per share or total equity. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  (ASU 2016-02). Under ASU 2016-02, an entity will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by leases on the entity s balance sheet for both finance and operating leases. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, an entity can elect to not recognize lease assets and lease liabilities and expense the lease over a straight-line basis for the term of the lease. ASU 2016-02 will require new disclosures that depict the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows pertaining to an entity s leases. Companies are required to adopt the new standard using a modified retrospective approach for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption of ASU 2016-02 is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of the new leasing guidance. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  (ASU 2016-01). The new guidance changes the current accounting related to (i) the classification and measurement of certain equity investments, (ii) the presentation of changes in the fair value of financial liabilities measured under the fair value option that are due to instrument-specific credit risk, and (iii) certain disclosures associated with the fair value of financial instruments. Most notably, ASU 2016-01 requires that equity investments, with certain exemptions, be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income as opposed to other  
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

comprehensive income. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of the new financial instruments guidance.  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  (ASU 2014-09) as modified by ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date,  ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net),  ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,  and ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  ASU 2014-09 will supersede existing revenue recognition standards with a single model unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g., an insurance entity s insurance contracts). The revenue recognition principle in ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, new and enhanced disclosures will be required. Companies may adopt the new standard either using the full retrospective approach, a modified retrospective approach with practical expedients, or a cumulative effect upon adoption approach. The Company will early adopt the new standard effective January 1, 2017, as allowed by the standard, using the modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2014-09 will not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, equity or cash flows.  
  Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (ASU 2016-09). ASU 2016-09 modifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment awards, including income tax consequences, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company early adopted ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of 2016. The provisions of ASU 2016-09 related to the timing of when excess tax benefits are recognized, minimum statutory withholding requirements and forfeitures were adopted using a modified retrospective transition method by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of January 1, 2016. The provisions of ASU 2016-09 related to the recognition of excess tax benefits in the income statement and classification in the statement of cash flows were adopted prospectively and the prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. The adoption of ASU 2016-09 did not materially impact the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, equity or cash flows.  
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  (ASU 2015-17). ASU 2015-17 requires entities to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Prior to the issuance of ASU 2015-17, deferred taxes were required to be presented as a net current asset or liability and a net noncurrent asset or liability. The Company adopted ASU 2015-17 on a prospective basis in the first quarter of 2016 and the prior period was not retrospectively adjusted. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not impact the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, equity or cash flows. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  (ASU 2015-03). ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs to be presented as a reduction of the carrying amount of the related debt liability. Prior to the issuance of ASU 2015-03, debt issuance costs were required to be presented as an asset in the balance sheet. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 on a retrospective basis, as required, in the first quarter of 2016. The Company reclassified   $129 million   in debt issuance costs that were recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 to long-term debt, less current maturities.  
  The Company has determined that there have been no other recently adopted or issued accounting standards that had, or will have, a material impact on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

2.    Investments 
  A summary of short-term and long-term investments by major security type is as follows: 

The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities as of   September 30, 2016  , by contractual maturity, were as follows:    

8 

     Table of Contents  

The fair value of available-for-sale investments with gross unrealized losses by major security type and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position were as follows: 

The Company s unrealized losses from all securities as of   September 30, 2016   were generated from approximately   4,000   positions out of a total of   28,000   positions. The Company believes that it will collect the principal and interest due on its debt securities that have an amortized cost in excess of fair value. The unrealized losses were primarily caused by interest rate increases and not by unfavorable changes in the credit quality associated with these securities. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have the intent to sell any of the securities in an unrealized loss position. Therefore, the Company believes these losses to be temporary.  
  Net realized gains reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income were from the following sources:   

3.    Fair Value 
  Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements or have fair values disclosed in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. These assets and liabilities are classified into one of three levels of a hierarchy defined by GAAP.  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

For a description of the methods and assumptions that are used to estimate the fair value and determine the fair value hierarchy classification of each class of financial instrument, see Note 5 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in the 2015 10-K. 
  The Company elected to measure the entirety of the Supplemental Health Insurance Program (AARP Program) assets under management at fair value pursuant to the fair value option. See Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in the 2015 10-K for further detail on the AARP Program.  
  The following table presents a summary of fair value measurements by level and carrying values for items measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, excluding assets and liabilities related to the AARP Program: 

Transfers between levels, if any, are recorded as of the beginning of the reporting period in which the transfer occurs; there were   no   transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 of any financial assets or liabilities during the nine months ended September 30,   2016   or   2015  . 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents a summary of fair value measurements by level and carrying values for certain financial instruments not measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

Nonfinancial assets and liabilities or financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances, such as when the Company records an impairment. There were no significant fair value adjustments for these assets and liabilities recorded during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 
  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs is as follows:   

11 

Table of Contents  

4.    Medicare Part D Pharmacy Benefits 
  The Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets include the following amounts associated with the Medicare Part D program:  

See Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in the 2015 10-K for further detail on Medicare Part D.  
   
  5.    Other Current Receivables 
  The Company s pharmacy care services businesses contract with pharmaceutical manufacturers, some of which provide rebates based on use of the manufacturers  products by the Company s clients. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, total pharmaceutical manufacturer rebates receivable included in other receivables in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets amounted to   $3.5 billion   and   $2.6 billion  , respectively. See Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in the 2015 10-K for more information on the Company s pharmaceutical manufacturer rebates. 
   
  6.    Medical Costs Reserve Development 
  The following table provides details of the Company s medical cost reserve development: 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the medical cost reserve development included a number of individual items, none of which were material. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

7.     Commercial Paper and Long-Term Debt  
  Commercial paper, term loan and senior unsecured long-term debt consisted of the following:   

(a) 
    In the first quarter of 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2015-03, retrospectively as required. See Note 1 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the adoption of ASU 2015-03.  
     The Company s long-term debt obligations also included   $195 million   and   $164 million   of other financing obligations, of which   $79 million   and   $47 million   were current as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Commercial Paper and Bank Credit Facilities 
  Commercial paper consists of short-duration, senior unsecured debt privately placed on a discount basis through broker-dealers. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s outstanding commercial paper had a weighted-average annual interest rate of   0.8%  . 
  The Company has   $3.0 billion   five-year,   $2.0 billion   three-year and   $1.0 billion   364-day revolving bank credit facilities with   23   banks, which mature in   December 2020  ,   December 2018  , and December 2016, respectively. These facilities provide liquidity support for the Company s commercial paper program and are available for general corporate purposes. As of   September 30, 2016  , no amounts had been drawn on any of the bank credit facilities. The annual interest rates, which are variable based on term, are calculated based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus a credit spread based on the Company s senior unsecured credit ratings. If amounts had been drawn on the bank credit facilities as of   September 30, 2016  , annual interest rates would have ranged from   1.3%   to   2.1%  .  
  Debt Covenants 
  The Company s bank credit facilities contain various covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to maintain a     defined debt to debt-plus-shareholders  equity ratio of not more than   55%  . The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
           8. 
    Shareholders' Equity 
     Dividends 
  In June 2016, the Company s Board of Directors increased the Company s quarterly cash dividend to shareholders to an annual dividend rate of   $2.50   per share compared to the annual dividend rate of   $2.00   per share, which the Company had paid since June 2015. Declaration and payment of future quarterly dividends is at the discretion of the Board and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change. 
  The following table provides details of the Company s 2016 dividend payments: 

9.    Commitments and Contingencies 
  Legal Matters 
  Because of the nature of its businesses, the Company is frequently made party to a variety of legal actions and regulatory inquiries, including class actions and suits brought by members, care providers, consumer advocacy organizations, customers and regulators, relating to the Company s businesses, including management and administration of health benefit plans and other services. These matters include medical malpractice, employment, intellectual property, antitrust, privacy and contract claims and claims related to health care benefits coverage and other business practices. 
  The Company records liabilities for its estimates of probable costs resulting from these matters where appropriate. Estimates of costs resulting from legal and regulatory matters involving the Company are inherently difficult to predict, particularly where the matters: involve indeterminate claims for monetary damages or may involve fines, penalties or punitive damages; present novel legal theories or represent a shift in regulatory policy; involve a large number of claimants or regulatory bodies; are in the early stages of the proceedings; or could result in a change in business practices. Accordingly, the Company is often unable to estimate the losses or ranges of losses for those matters where there is a reasonable possibility or it is probable that a loss may be incurred. 
  Litigation Matters 
  California Claims Processing Matter.     On January 25, 2008, the California Department of Insurance (CDI) issued an Order to Show Cause to PacifiCare Life and Health Insurance Company, a subsidiary of the Company, alleging violations of certain insurance statutes and regulations related to an alleged failure to include certain language in standard claims correspondence, timeliness and accuracy of claims processing, interest payments, care provider contract implementation, care provider dispute resolution and other related matters. Although the Company believes that CDI had never before issued a fine in excess of   $8 million  , CDI advocated a fine of approximately   $325 million   in this matter. The matter was the subject of an administrative hearing before a California administrative law judge beginning in December 2009, and in August 2013, the administrative law  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

judge issued a nonbinding proposed decision recommending a fine of   $11.5 million  . The California Insurance Commissioner rejected the administrative law judge s recommendation and on June 9, 2014, issued his own decision imposing a fine of approximately   $174 million  . On July 10, 2014, the Company filed a lawsuit in California state court challenging the Commissioner s decision. On September 8, 2015, in the first phase of that lawsuit, the California state court issued an order invalidating certain of the regulations the Commissioner had relied upon in issuing his decision and penalty. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the range of loss, if any, that may result from this matter given the procedural status of the dispute, the wide range of possible outcomes, the legal issues presented (including the legal basis for the majority of the alleged violations), the inherent difficulty in predicting a regulatory fine in the event of a remand, and the various remedies and levels of judicial review that remain available to the Company. 
  Government Investigations, Audits and Reviews 
  The Company has been involved or is currently involved in various governmental investigations, audits and reviews. These include routine, regular and special investigations, audits and reviews by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), state insurance and health and welfare departments, the Brazilian national regulatory agency for private health insurance and plans (the Ag ncia Nacional de Sa de Suplementar), state attorneys general, the Office of the Inspector General, the Office of Personnel Management, the Office of Civil Rights, the Government Accountability Office, the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Congressional committees, the U.S. Department of Justice, the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, the Brazilian federal revenue service (the Secretaria da Receita Federal), the U.S. Department of Labor, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Defense Contract Audit Agency and other governmental authorities. Certain of the Company s businesses have been reviewed or are currently under review, including for, among other matters, compliance with coding and other requirements under the Medicare risk-adjustment model. The Company has produced documents, information and witnesses to the Department of Justice in cooperation with a current review of the Company s risk-adjustment processes, including the Company s patient chart review and related programs. CMS has selected certain of the Company s local plans for risk adjustment data validation (RADV) audits to validate the coding practices of and supporting documentation maintained by health care providers and such audits may result in retrospective adjustments to payments made to the Company s health plans. 
  The Company cannot reasonably estimate the range of loss, if any, that may result from any material government investigations, audits and reviews in which it is currently involved given the status of the reviews, the wide range of possible outcomes and inherent difficulty in predicting regulatory action, fines and penalties, if any, the Company s legal and factual defenses and the various remedies and levels of judicial review available to the Company in the event of an adverse finding. 
  Guaranty Fund Assessments 
  Under state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. Some states have similar laws relating to HMOs and other payers such as consumer operated and oriented plans (co-ops) established under Health Reform Legislation. In 2009, the Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner placed long term care insurer Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company and its subsidiary (Penn Treaty), neither of which is affiliated with the Company, in rehabilitation and petitioned a state court for approval to liquidate Penn Treaty. In 2012, the court denied the liquidation petition and ordered the Insurance Commissioner to submit a rehabilitation plan. The court held a hearing in July 2015 to begin its consideration of the proposed rehabilitation plan. The plan was subsequently withdrawn. 
  In July 2016, the Insurance Commissioner filed a petition seeking to convert the rehabilitation proceedings into liquidation proceedings. A hearing on the petition has been scheduled for November 2016. If the court enters an order of liquidation, the Company s insurance entities and other insurers may be required to pay a portion of Penn Treaty s policyholder claims through state guaranty association assessments. The Company is currently unable to estimate losses or ranges of losses because the Company cannot predict whether or when a liquidation order will be entered, the amount and timing of any consequent guaranty association assessments, or the availability and amount of any potential offsets, such as state premium tax credits.   
   
  10.    Segment Financial Information 
  The Company s   four   reportable segments are UnitedHealthcare, OptumHealth, OptumInsight and OptumRx  .   For more information on the Company s segments see Part I, Item I,  Business  and Note 14 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in the 2015 10-K.  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present reportable segment financial information:   

16 

     Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     The following discussion should be read together with the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes and with our 2015 10-K, including the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in that report. Unless the context indicates otherwise, references to the terms  UnitedHealth Group,   we,   our  or  us  used throughout this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations refer to UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  Readers are cautioned that the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including discussions regarding financial prospects, economic conditions, trends and uncertainties contained in this Item 2, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA). These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the results discussed or implied in the forward-looking statements. A description of some of the risks and uncertainties is set forth in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our 2015 10-K and in the discussion below.  
  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW  
  General 
  UnitedHealth Group is a diversified health and well-being company dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and making the health system work better for everyone. Through our diversified family of businesses, we leverage core competencies in advanced, enabling technology; health care data; information and intelligence; and clinical care management and coordination to help meet the demands of the health system. We offer a broad spectrum of products and services through two distinct  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

platforms: UnitedHealthcare, which provides health care coverage and benefits services; and Optum, which provides pharmacy care services and information and technology-enabled health services.  
  Further information on our business is included in Part I, Item 1,  Business  and Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our 2015 10-K and additional information on our segments can be found in this Item 2 and in Note 10 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
  Business Trends 
  Our businesses participate in the United States, Brazilian and certain other international health economies. In the United States, health care spending has grown consistently for many years and comprises approximately 18% of gross domestic product. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, which have impacted and could further impact our results of operations. 
  Pricing Trends  . To price our health care benefit products, we start with our view of expected future costs. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering all relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory aspects. Our review of regulatory considerations involves a focus on minimum loss ratio (MLR) thresholds and the risk adjustment and reinsurance provisions that impact the small group and individual markets. We will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions.  
  We continue to expect broad-based competition in commercial products and pressure from government funding. The intensity of commercial pricing competition depends on local market conditions and competitive dynamics. Annual commercial premium rate increases are subject to federal and state review and approval procedures. In addition, a provision in the 2016 Federal Budget imposes a one year moratorium for payment of the 2017 Health Insurance Industry Tax. For policies that include a portion of 2017 coverage periods, our premiums will reflect the impact of the moratorium. Medicare Advantage funding continues to be pressured, as discussed below in  Regulatory Trends and Uncertainties.  We expect continued Medicaid revenue growth due to anticipated increases in the number of people we serve; we also believe that the reimbursement rate environment creates the risk of downward pressure on Medicaid net margin percentages. 
  Medical Cost Trends.   Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization and prescription drug costs. We endeavor to mitigate those increases with medical management. Our 2016 management activities include managing costs across all health care categories, including specialty pharmacy spending, as new therapies are introduced at high costs and older drugs experience price increases. 
  Regulatory Trends and Uncertainties 
  Following is a summary of management s view of the trends and uncertainties related to some of the key provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and a reconciliation measure, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (together, Health Reform Legislation) and other regulatory items. For additional information about Health Reform Legislation and regulatory trends and uncertainties, see Part I, Item 1,  Business - Government Regulation,  Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  and Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our 2015 10-K. 
  Medicare Advantage Rates.   Final 2017 Medicare Advantage rates resulted in an increase in industry base rates of approximately 0.85%, well short of the industry forward medical cost trend of 3%, which creates continued pressure in the Medicare Advantage program. The impact of this funding shortfall in Medicare Advantage is partially mitigated by reductions in provider reimbursements for those care providers with rates indexed to Medicare Advantage revenues or Medicare fee-for-service reimbursement rates. These factors can affect our plan benefit designs, pricing, growth prospects and earnings expectations for our Medicare Advantage plans. 
  As provided in the Affordable Care Act, our Medicare Advantage rates are currently enhanced by CMS quality bonuses in certain counties based on our local plans  star ratings. The level of star ratings from CMS, based upon specified clinical and operational performance standards, will impact future quality bonuses. In addition, star ratings affect the amount of savings a plan can use to offer supplemental benefits, which ultimately may affect the plan s membership and revenue. For the 2016 payment year, approximately 57% of our Medicare Advantage members are in plans rated four stars or higher. We expect that at least 80% of our Medicare Advantage members will be in plans rated four stars or higher for payment year 2017. We continue to dedicate substantial resources to advance our quality scores and star ratings to strengthen our local market programs and further improve our performance. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Health Insurance Industry Tax and Premium Stabilization Programs.   The industry-wide amount of the annual tax is $11.3 billion in 2016 and we paid our proportionate share of $1.8 billion in September 2016. Health Reform Legislation also includes three programs designed to stabilize the health insurance markets. These programs encompass: a temporary reinsurance program; a temporary risk corridors program; and a permanent risk adjustment program.  
  For details on the Health Insurance Industry Tax and Premium Stabilization Programs, see Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 2, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in our 2015 10-K. 
  Individual Public Exchanges.   In 2016, we are participating in individual public exchange offerings in 34 states. We have a premium deficiency reserve recorded as of September 30, 2016, for our estimated losses for the remainder of 2016. A portion of the premium deficiency reserve was recorded in our 2015 results for in-force contracts as of January 1, 2016. In 2017, we expect to participate in only a few individual public exchanges. 
   
  RESULTS SUMMARY 
  The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations and other financial information:   

(a) 
    During the fourth quarter of 2015, we changed our presentation of certain pharmacy fulfillment costs related to its OptumRx business. See Note 1 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report for more information on this reclassification.  
              (b) 
    Medical care ratio is calculated as medical costs divided by premium revenue. 
              (c) 
    Net earnings margin attributable to UnitedHealth Group shareholders. 
              (d) 
    Return on equity is calculated as annualized net earnings divided by average equity. Average equity is calculated using the equity balance at the end of the preceding year and the equity balances at the end of each of the quarters in the period presented.  
     
   19 

     Table of Contents  

SELECTED OPERATING PERFORMANCE AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT ITEMS 
  The following summarizes select   third quarter     2016   year-over-year operating comparisons to   third quarter     2015   and other   2016   significant items. 
             
    Consolidated revenues grew   12%  , UnitedHealthcare revenues grew   13%   and Optum revenues grew   9%  . 
                
    UnitedHealthcare grew to serve an additional   2.1 million   people domestically. 
                
    Earnings from operations increased   19%  , including increases of   13%   at UnitedHealthcare and   28%   at Optum.  
                
    Diluted earnings per common share increased   23%  . 
      2016 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COMPARED TO 2015 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Our results of operations for 2016 compared to the corresponding prior periods were affected by our acquisition of Catamaran Corporation (Catamaran) on July 23, 2015. 
  Consolidated Financial Results 
  Revenues 
  The increases in revenues were primarily driven by organic growth in the number of individuals served across our benefits businesses and growth across all of Optum s businesses. Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, also increased due to the inclusion of the Catamaran acquisition.  
  Medical Costs 
  Medical costs increased due to risk-based membership growth and medical cost trends. Additionally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, medical costs increased due to ACA-compliant individual product losses.  
  Income Tax Rate 
  Our effective tax rates decreased primarily due to the adoption of ASU 2016-09, which we adopted in the first quarter of 2016. See Note 1 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report for more information about the adoption of ASU 2016-09. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

Reportable Segments 
  See Note 10 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report for more information on our segments. The following table presents a summary of the reportable segment financial information: 

UnitedHealthcare 
  The following table summarizes UnitedHealthcare revenues by business: 

21 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the number of individuals served by our UnitedHealthcare businesses, by major market segment and funding arrangement:   

  Growth in services to the public sector, mid-sized employers, small groups and individuals led the overall increase in people served through risk-based benefit plans in the commercial market. Medicare Advantage increased year-over-year due to growth in people served through individual and employer-sponsored group Medicare Advantage plans. Medicaid growth was driven by the combination of new state-based awards and growth in established programs. Medicare Supplement growth reflected strong customer retention and new sales.  
  UnitedHealthcare s revenue increases were due to growth in the number of individuals served across its businesses and price increases for underlying medical cost trends.  
  The increases in UnitedHealthcare s operating earnings were led by strength in public and senior businesses. The nine month results were offset by ACA-compliant individual product losses.  
  Optum 
  Total revenues and operating earnings increased as each segment reported increased revenues and earnings from operations as a result of the factors discussed below. Strong performance in pharmacy care and technology services increased Optum s operating margins from the prior year.  
  The results by segment were as follows: 
  OptumHealth 
  Revenue and earnings from operations increased at OptumHealth primarily due to growth in its health care delivery businesses. 
  OptumInsight 
  Revenue and earnings from operations at OptumInsight increased primarily due to growth in revenue management and technology services and payer service offerings.  
  OptumRx 
  Revenue and earnings from operations at OptumRx increased primarily due to Catamaran and organic growth. For more information about Catamaran, see Note 3 in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in our 2015 10-K. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Liquidity 
  Summary of our Major Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents 

2016 Cash Flows Compared to 2015 Cash Flows 
  Increased cash flows provided by operating activities were primarily driven by the increase in unearned revenues, due to the September 2016 receipt of our October CMS premium payment of $3.8 billion, and higher net earnings.  
  Other significant changes in sources or uses of cash year-over-year included increased net purchases of investments in 2016 and the increases in 2015 in cash paid for acquisitions and proceeds from debt issuances related to our Catamaran acquisition. 
  Financial Condition 
  As of September 30, 2016, our cash, cash equivalent and available-for-sale investment balances of   $38.5 billion   included   $12.8 billion   of cash and cash equivalents (of which $545 million was available for general corporate use),   $23.8 billion   of debt securities and   $1.9 billion   of investments in equity securities. Given the significant portion of our portfolio held in cash equivalents, we do not anticipate fluctuations in the aggregate fair value of our financial assets to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital position. Our available-for-sale debt portfolio had a weighted-average duration of 3.2 years and a weighted-average credit rating of  AA  as of September 30, 2016. When multiple credit ratings are available for an individual security, the average of the available ratings is used to determine the weighted-average credit rating. 
  Capital Resources and Uses of Liquidity 
  In addition to cash flows from operations and cash and cash equivalent balances available for general corporate use, our capital resources and uses of liquidity are as follows: 
  Commercial Paper and Bank Credit Facilities.   Our revolving bank credit facilities provide liquidity support for our commercial paper borrowing program, which facilitates the private placement of unsecured debt through third-party broker-dealers, and are available for general corporate purposes. For more information on our commercial paper and bank credit facilities, see Note 7 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
  Our revolving bank credit facilities contain various covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt to debt-plus-shareholders  equity ratio of not more than 55%. As of September 30, 2016, our debt to debt-plus-shareholders  equity ratio, as defined and calculated under the credit facilities, was approximately 45%. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Long-Term Debt.   Periodically, we access capital markets and issue long-term debt for general corporate purposes, for example, to meet our working capital requirements, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. In February 2016, we issued debt to repay commercial paper borrowings, which were incurred for general corporate and working capital purposes, and to repay our 5.375% notes that were due March 15, 2016. For more information, see Note 7 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report.  
  Credit Ratings.   Our credit ratings as of September 30, 2016 were as follows:                                                   
    Moody s 
      
    Standard   Poor s 
      
    Fitch 
      
    A.M. Best 
        
    Ratings 
      
    Outlook 
      
    Ratings 
      
    Outlook 
      
    Ratings 
      
    Outlook 
      
    Ratings 
      
    Outlook 
      Senior unsecured debt 
    A3 
      
    Negative 
      
    A+ 
      
    Negative 
      
    A- 
      
    Negative 
      
    bbb+ 
      
    Stable 
      Commercial paper 
    P-2 
      
    n/a 
      
    A-1 
      
    n/a 
      
    F1 
      
    n/a 
      
    AMB-2 
      
    n/a 

The availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants and other contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and economic and market conditions. For example, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital. 
  Share Repurchase Program.   During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   9 million   shares at an average price of $127.31 per share. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had Board authorization to purchase up to an additional   52   million shares of our common stock.  
  Dividends.   In June 2016, our Board increased our quarterly cash dividend to shareholders to an annual dividend rate of $2.50 per share. For more information on our dividend, see Note 8 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report.  
  For additional liquidity discussion, see Note 11 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in Part II, Item 7 in our 2015 10-K. 
  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS 
  A summary of future obligations under our various contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2015 was disclosed in our 2015 10-K. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes to this previously disclosed information outside the ordinary course of business. However, we continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, including through internal development of new products, programs and technology applications and acquisitions. 
  RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  
  See Note 1 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements that affect us. 
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
  In preparing our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to make judgments, assumptions and estimates, which we believe are reasonable and prudent based on the available facts and circumstances. These judgments, assumptions and estimates affect certain of our revenues and expenses and their related balance sheet accounts and disclosure of our contingent liabilities. We base our assumptions and estimates primarily on historical experience and consider known and projected trends. On an ongoing basis, we re-evaluate our selection of assumptions and the method of calculating our estimates. Actual results, however, may materially differ from our calculated estimates and this difference would be reported in our current operations. 
  Our critical accounting estimates include medical costs payable, revenues, goodwill and intangible assets and investments. For a detailed description of our critical accounting estimates, see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in Part II, Item 7 of our 2015 10-K. For a detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements  in our 2015 10-K.  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  The statements, estimates, projections, guidance or outlook contained in this document include  forward-looking  statements within the meaning of the PSLRA. These statements are intended to take advantage of the  safe harbor  provisions of the PSLRA. Generally the words  believe,   expect,   intend,   estimate,   anticipate,   forecast,   plan,   project,   should  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. These statements may contain information about financial prospects, economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. We caution that actual results could differ materially from those that management expects, depending on the outcome of certain factors. 
  Some factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from results discussed or implied in the forward-looking statements include: our ability to effectively estimate, price for and manage our medical costs, including the impact of any new coverage requirements; new laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations, or their enforcement or application, including increases in medical, administrative, technology or other costs or decreases in enrollment resulting from U.S., Brazilian and other jurisdictions  regulations affecting the health care industry; assessments for insolvent payers under state guaranty fund laws; our ability to achieve improvement in CMS Star ratings and other quality scores that impact revenue; reductions in revenue or delays to cash flows received under Medicare, Medicaid and TRICARE programs, including sequestration and the effects of a prolonged U.S. government shutdown or debt ceiling constraints; changes in Medicare, including changes in payment methodology, the CMS Star ratings program or the application of risk adjustment data validation audits; our participation in federal and state health insurance exchanges which entail uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business; cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents; failure to comply with privacy and data security regulations; regulatory and other risks and uncertainties of the pharmacy benefits management industry; competitive pressures, which could affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share; changes in or challenges to our public sector contract awards; our ability to execute contracts on competitive terms with physicians, hospitals and other service providers; failure to achieve targeted operating cost productivity improvements, including savings resulting from technology enhancement and administrative modernization; increases in costs and other liabilities associated with increased litigation, government investigations, audits or reviews; failure to manage successfully our strategic alliances or complete or receive anticipated benefits of acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including our acquisition of Catamaran; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our reported shareholders  equity and results of operations; downgrades in our credit ratings; adverse economic conditions, including decreases in enrollment resulting from increases in the unemployment rate and commercial attrition; the performance of our investment portfolio; impairment of the value of our goodwill and intangible assets in connection with dispositions or if estimated future results do not adequately support goodwill and intangible assets recorded for our existing businesses or the businesses that we acquire; increases in health care costs resulting from large-scale medical emergencies; failure to maintain effective and efficient information systems or if our technology products do not operate as intended; and our ability to obtain sufficient funds from our regulated subsidiaries or the debt or capital markets to fund our obligations, to maintain our debt to total capital ratio at targeted levels, to maintain our quarterly dividend payment cycle or to continue repurchasing shares of our common stock. 
  This list of important factors is not intended to be exhaustive. We discuss certain of these matters more fully, as well as certain risk factors that may affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations, in our other periodic and current filings with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Any or all forward-looking statements we make may turn out to be wrong, and can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. By their nature, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify. Actual future results may vary materially from expectations expressed or implied in this document or any of our prior communications. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable securities laws. 
   
  ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  Our primary market risks are exposures to changes in interest rates that impact our investment income and interest expense and the fair value of certain of our fixed-rate investments and debt, as well as foreign currency exchange rate risk of the U.S. dollar, primarily to the Brazilian real. 
  We manage exposure to market interest rates by diversifying investments across different fixed income market sectors and debt across maturities, as well as by endeavoring to match our floating-rate assets and liabilities over time, either directly or through the use of interest rate swap contracts. Unrealized gains and losses on investments in available-for-sale securities are reported in comprehensive income. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the impact of hypothetical changes in market interest rates across the entire yield curve by 1% point or 2% points as of   September 30, 2016   on our investment income and interest expense per annum, and the fair value of our investments and debt (in millions, except percentages):   

nm = not meaningful 
           (a) 
    Given the low absolute level of short-term market rates on our floating-rate assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016  , the assumed hypothetical change in interest rates does not reflect the full 100 basis point reduction in interest income or interest expense as the rate cannot fall below zero and thus the 200 basis point reduction is not meaningful. 
              (b) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , some of our investments had interest rates below 2% so the assumed hypothetical change in the fair value of investments does not reflect the full 200 basis point reduction. 
     We have an exposure to changes in the value of the Brazilian real to the U.S. dollar in translation of Amil s operating results at the average exchange rate over the accounting period, and Amil s assets and liabilities at the spot rate at the end of the accounting period. The gains or losses resulting from translating foreign assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars are included in equity and comprehensive income in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  An appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Brazilian real reduces the carrying value of the net assets denominated in the Brazilian real. For example, as of   September 30, 2016  , a hypothetical 10% and 25% increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against the Brazilian real would have caused a reduction in net assets of approximately $410 million and $900 million, respectively. We manage exposure to foreign currency risk by conducting our international business operations primarily in their functional currencies. 
   
           ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
     EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  In connection with the filing of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, management evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     A description of our legal proceedings is included in and incorporated by reference to Note 9 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
   
           ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS  
     In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of our 2015 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

described in our 2015 10-K are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or future results.  
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our 2015 10-K. 
   
  ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALE OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  In November 1997, our Board of Directors adopted a share repurchase program, which the Board evaluates periodically. There is no established expiration date for the program. During the third quarter 2016, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares at an average price of $139.30 per share. As of September 30, 2016, we had Board authorization to purchase up to 52 million shares of our common stock. 
   
           ITEM 6.  
    EXHIBITS** 
       
  The following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference herein in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Company files Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 under Commission File No. 1-10864. 
                     3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A filed on July 1, 2015) 
      3.2 

Bylaws of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated, effective February 9, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2016) 
      4.1 

Senior Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1998, between United HealthCare Corporation and The Bank of New York (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A, SEC File Number 333-66013, filed on January 11, 1999) 
      4.2 

Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2000, to Senior Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1998, between UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and The Bank of New York (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001) 
      4.3 

Instrument of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance of Trustee, dated January 8, 2007, pursuant to the Senior Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1998, amended November 6, 2000, among UnitedHealth Group Incorporated, The Bank of New York and Wilmington Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007) 
      4.4 

Indenture, dated as of February 4, 2008, between UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3, SEC File Number 333-149031, filed on February 4, 2008) 
      *10.1 

Summary of Non-Management Director Compensation, effective as of October 1, 2016 
        12.1 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
        31.1 

Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
        32.1 

Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
        101 

The following materials from UnitedHealth Group Incorporated s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed on November 8, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

________________ 
                   * 
      
    Denotes management contracts and compensation plans in which certain directors and named executive officers participate and which are being filed pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. 
      ** 
      
    Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, copies of instruments defining the rights of certain holders of long-term debt are not filed. The Company will furnish copies thereof to the SEC upon request. 

27 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES  
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
    
  UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED 
    
                       /s/    S  TEPHEN   J. H  EMSLEY 
      
    Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
    Dated: 
    November 8, 2016 
      Stephen J. Hemsley 

/s/    J  OHN   F. R  EX 
      
    Executive Vice President and  
  Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
    Dated: 
    November 8, 2016 
      John F. Rex 

/  S/      T  HOMAS   E. R  OOS 
      
    Senior Vice President and  
  Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 
    Dated: 
    November 8, 2016 
      Thomas E. Roos 

28 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX** 
    
  The following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference herein in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Company files Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 under Commission File No. 1-10864. 
                     3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A filed on July 1, 2015) 
      3.2 

Bylaws of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated, effective February 9, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2016) 
      4.1 

Senior Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1998, between United HealthCare Corporation and The Bank of New York (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3/A, SEC File Number 333-66013, filed on January 11, 1999) 
      4.2 

Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2000, to Senior Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1998, between UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and The Bank of New York (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001) 
      4.3 

Instrument of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance of Trustee, dated January 8, 2007, pursuant to the Senior Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1998, amended November 6, 2000, among UnitedHealth Group Incorporated, The Bank of New York and Wilmington Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007) 
      4.4 

Indenture, dated as of February 4, 2008, between UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3, SEC File Number 333-149031, filed on February 4, 2008) 
      *10.1 

Summary of Non-Management Director Compensation, effective as of October 1, 2016 
        12.1 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
        31.1 

Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
        32.1 

Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
        101 

The following materials from UnitedHealth Group Incorporated s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed on November 8, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

________________ 
                   * 
      
    Denotes management contracts and compensation plans in which certain directors and named executive officers participate and which are being filed pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. 
      ** 
      
    Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, copies of instruments defining the rights of certain holders of long-term debt are not filed. The Company will furnish copies thereof to the SEC upon request. 

29 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 unhex1019302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

Our compensation and benefit program is designed to compensate our non-employee directors fairly for work required for a company of our size and scope, and align their interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders. Director compensation reflects our desire to attract, retain and use the expertise of highly qualified people serving on the Company s Board of Directors. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee reviews the compensation level of our non-employee directors on an annual basis and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors.  
  The Company uses annual retainers, equity-based compensation, expense reimbursement and other forms of compensation, as appropriate, to attract and retain non-employee directors.  
  Cash Compensation 
    Non-employee directors receive an annual cash retainer of $125,000. We pay an additional annual cash retainer of $300,000 to the Chair of the Board, an additional annual cash retainer of $25,000 to the Chair of the Audit Committee, and additional annual cash retainers of $20,000 to the Chair of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Chair of the Public Policy Strategies and Responsibility Committee. 
  Cash retainers are payable on a quarterly basis in arrears on the first business day following the end of each fiscal quarter, and subject to pro-rata adjustment if the director did not serve the entire quarter. Directors may elect to receive common stock or deferred stock units ( DSUs ) in lieu of their cash compensation or defer receipt of their cash compensation to a later date pursuant to the Directors' Compensation Deferral Plan ("Director Deferral Plan"). 
  Equity-Based Compensation 
  Non-employee directors receive annual grants of DSUs under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, having an annual aggregate fair value of $175,000. The grants are issued quarterly in arrears on the first business day following the end of each fiscal quarter and prorated if the director did not serve the entire quarter. The number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing $43,750 (the quarterly value of the annual equity award) by the closing stock price on the grant date, rounded up to the nearest share. 
  The DSUs immediately vest upon grant, and non-employee directors who have not met the stock ownership requirement are required to retain all DSUs granted until completion of their service on the Board of Directors. Upon completion of service, the DSUs convert into an equal number of shares of the Company s common stock. A director may defer receipt of the shares for up to ten years after completion of service pursuant to the Director Deferral Plan. Non-employee directors who have met their stock ownership requirement may elect to receive common stock in lieu of DSUs and/or in-service distributions on pre-selected dates.  
  If a director elects to convert his or her cash compensation into DSUs, such conversion grants are made on the day the eligible cash compensation becomes payable to the director and immediately vest upon grant. The director receives the number of DSUs equal to the cash compensation foregone, divided by the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant, rounded up to the nearest share. 
  
   Effective October 1, 2016 

Exhibit 10.1 

The Company pays dividend equivalents in the form of additional DSUs on all outstanding DSUs. Dividend equivalents are paid at the same rate and at the same time that dividends are paid to Company shareholders and are subject to the same vesting conditions as the underlying grant. 
  Director Deferral Plan 
  Under the Director Deferral Plan, subject to compliance with applicable laws, non-employee directors may elect annually to defer receipt of all or a percentage of their compensation. Amounts deferred are credited to a bookkeeping account maintained for each director participant that uses a collection of unaffiliated mutual funds as measuring investments. Subject to certain additional rules set forth in the Director Deferral Plan, a participating director may elect to receive the distribution in one of the following ways: 
             
    a series of five or ten annual installments following the completion of his or her service on the Board of Directors; 
                
    a delayed lump sum following either the fifth or tenth anniversary of the completion of his or her service on the Board of Directors; 
                
    for cash deferrals, an immediate lump sum upon the completion of his or her service on the Board of Directors; or 
                
    pre-selected amounts to be distributed on pre-selected dates while the director remains a member of the Board of Directors. 
     The Director Deferral Plan does not provide for matching contributions by the Company, but our Board of Directors may determine, in its discretion, to supplement the accounts of participating directors with additional amounts. 
  Other Compensation 
  We reimburse directors for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with service as a director. We also provide health care coverage to directors but only if the director is not eligible for coverage under another group health care benefit program. Health care coverage is provided generally on the same terms and conditions as current employees. Upon retirement from the Board of Directors, current directors may continue to obtain health care coverage under benefit continuation coverage, and after the lapse of such coverage, under the Company s post-employment medical plan for up to a total of 96 months if they are otherwise eligible. 
  The Company maintains a program through which it will match up to $15,000 of charitable donations made by each director for each calendar year. The directors do not receive any financial benefit from this program because the charitable income tax deductions accrue solely to the Company. Donations under the program may not be made to family trusts, partnerships or similar organizations. 

Effective October 1, 2016 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-12.1>
 3
 unhex1219302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 12.1 
  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES  

The ratio of earnings to fixed charges is computed by dividing total earnings available for fixed charges by the fixed charges. For purposes of computing this ratio, fixed charges consist of interest expense plus the interest factor in rental expense.  

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 unhex3119302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer  
    
   I, Stephen J. Hemsley, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

November 8, 2016 
    /s/    S  TEPHEN   J. H  EMSLEY 
        
    Stephen J. Hemsley 
  Chief Executive Officer 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer  
    
  I, John F. Rex, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

November 8, 2016 
    /s/    J  OHN   F. R  EX 
        
    John F. Rex 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 unhex3219302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer  
  In connection with the report of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Stephen J. Hemsley, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 8, 2016 
    /s/    S  TEPHEN   J. H  EMSLEY 
        
    Stephen J. Hemsley 
  Chief Executive Officer 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer  
  In connection with the report of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John F. Rex, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 8, 2016 
    /s/    J  OHN   F. R  EX 
        
    John F. Rex Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 unh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 unh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 unh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 unh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 unh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 unh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

