<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1373561_0001564590-16-027146_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25755229</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>403022</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>673077</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6064731</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9649738</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5889473</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>110</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027146.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103061235
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027146
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NewStar Financial, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001373561
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE LESSORS [6172]
		IRS NUMBER:				542157878
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33211
		FILM NUMBER:		161970023

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 BOYLSTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1250
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 848-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 BOYLSTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1250
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027146.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 news-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

news-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016  
 OR 

For the transition period from                    to 
 Commission File Number 001-33211 
   
 NewStar Financial, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

54-2157878  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

(617) 848-2500 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 As of November 1, 2016, 44,207,504  shares of common stock, par value of $0.01 per share, were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements (Unaudited)      
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 201  5    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 201  5    
 
 5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015      
 
 6  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 201  5    
 
 7  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 201  5    
 
 8  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
 10  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      
 
 46  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      
 
 70  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures      
 
 71  

PART II  

OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings      
 
 71  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors      
 
 71  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      
 
 72  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits      
 
 73  

SIGNATURES      
 
 75  

2 

Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements  
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NewStar Financial, Inc., contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These are statements that relate to future periods and include statements about: 

our anticipated financial condition, including estimated loan losses;     

our expected results of operation;     

our growth and market opportunities;     

trends and conditions in the financial markets in which we operate;     

our future funding needs and sources and availability of funding;     

our involvement in capital-raising transactions;     

our ability to meet draw requests under commitments to borrowers under certain conditions;     

our competitors;     

our provision for credit losses;     

our future development of our products and markets;     

our ability to compete; and     

our stock price.     

 Generally, the words  anticipates,   believes,   expects,   intends,   estimates,   projects,   plans  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: 

risk of deterioration in credit quality that could result in levels of delinquent or non-accrual loans that would force us to realize credit losses exceeding our allowance for credit losses and deplete our cash position;     

risks and uncertainties relating to the financial markets generally, including disruptions in the global financial markets;     

uncertainties relating to the market price of our common stock prevailing from time to time;     

risk and uncertainties related to our ability to obtain external financing;     

risk and uncertainties relating to the regulation of the commercial lending industry by federal, state and local governments;     

risks and uncertainties relating to our limited operating history;     

our ability to minimize losses, achieve profitability, and realize our deferred tax asset; and     

the competitive nature of the commercial lending industry and our ability to effectively compete.     

 For a further description of these and other risks and uncertainties, we encourage you to carefully read section Item 1A.  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this report. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this Quarterly Report to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based, except as may be required by law. 
   
 3 

PART I. FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Financial Statements. 
 NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC. 
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Unaudited 

8 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL,   INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, continued 
 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
 9 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC.  
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Unaudited 

Note 1. Organization 
 NewStar Financial, Inc. (the  Company ) is an internally-managed, commercial finance company with specialized lending platforms focused on meeting the complex financing needs of companies and private investors in the middle market. The Company and its wholly owned investment management subsidiary, NewStar Capital LLC, are registered investment advisers and provide asset management services to institutional investors. The Company manages several private credit funds that co-invest loans originated through its leveraged finance lending platform.  Through NewStar Capital, the Company also manages a series of funds structured as CLOs that invest primarily in broadly syndicated loans, as well as other sponsored funds and managed accounts that invest across various asset classes, including broadly syndicated loans and high yield bonds. Through its specialized lending platforms, the Company provides a range of senior secured debt financing options to mid-sized companies to fund working capital, growth strategies, acquisitions and recapitalizations, as well as purchases of equipment and other capital assets. 
 These lending activities require specialized skills and transaction experience, as well as a significant investment in personnel and operating infrastructure.  Our loans and leases are originated directly by teams of credit-trained bankers and experienced marketing officers organized around key industry and market segments. These teams represent specialized lending groups that are supported by centralized credit management and operating platforms. This structure enables us to leverage common standards and systems, as well as industry and professional expertise across multiple businesses. 
 The Company targets its marketing and origination efforts at private equity firms, mid-sized companies, corporate executives, banks, and a variety of other referral sources and financial intermediaries to develop new customer relationships and source lending opportunities. The Company's origination network is national in scope and it targets companies with business operations across a broad range of industry sectors. The Company employs highly experienced bankers, marketing officers and credit professionals to identify and structure new lending opportunities and manage customer relationships. The Company believes that the quality of its professionals, the breadth of their relationships and referral networks, and their ability to develop creative solutions for customers position it to be a valued partner and preferred lender for mid-sized companies and private equity funds with middle market investment strategies. 
 The Company's emphasis on direct origination is an important aspect of its marketing and credit strategy. The Company's national network is designed around specialized origination channels intended to generate a large set of potential lending opportunities. That allows the Company to be highly selective in its credit process and to allocate capital to market segments that we believe represent the most attractive opportunities. The Company's direct origination network also generates proprietary lending opportunities with yield characteristics that we believe would not otherwise be available through intermediaries. In addition, direct origination provides the Company with direct access to management teams and enhances its ability to conduct detailed due diligence and credit analysis of prospective borrowers. It also allows the Company to negotiate transaction terms directly with borrowers and, as a result, advise its customers on financial strategies and capital structures, which it believes benefits its credit performance. 
 The Company typically provides financing commitments to companies in amounts that range in size from $10 million to $50 million. The size of financing commitments depends on various factors, including the type of loan, the credit characteristics of the borrower, the economic characteristics of the loan, and the Company's role in the transaction. The Company also selectively arranges larger transactions that it may retain on its balance sheet or syndicate to other lenders, which may include funds that it manages for third party institutional investors. By syndicating loans to other lenders and the Company's managed funds, it is able to provide larger financing commitments to its customers and generate fee income, while limiting its risk exposure to single borrowers. From time to time, however, the Company's balance sheet exposure to a single borrower exceeds $35 million. 
 Beginning in January 2016, the Company s operations were divided into two reportable segments that represent its core businesses, Commercial Lending and Asset Management.  
 The Commercial Lending segment represents our direct lending activities which are focused on providing a range of flexible senior secured debt options to mid-sized companies with annual cash flow (EBITDA) typically between $10 million and $50 million owned by private equity investment funds and managed by established professional alternative asset managers.  
 The Asset Management segment represents our investment advisory activities which are focused on providing opportunities for qualified investors to invest in a range of credit funds managed by the Company that employ credit-oriented strategies focused on middle market loans and liquid, tradeable credit.   
   
 10 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 These interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively,  NewStar ) and have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. These interim condensed financial statements include adjustments of a normal and recurring nature considered necessary by management to fairly present NewStar s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. These interim condensed financial statements may not be indicative of financial results for the full year. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The estimates most susceptible to change in the near-term are the Company s estimates of its (i) allowance for credit losses, (ii) recorded amounts of deferred income taxes, (iii) fair value measurements used to record fair value adjustments to certain financial instruments, (iv) valuation of investments, (v) determination of other than temporary impairments and temporary impairments and (vi) impairment of goodwill and identified intangible assets. The interim condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Prior Period Reclassification 
 Prior period amounts are reclassified wherever necessary to confirm with current period presentation.   
 Segment Reporting 
 Due to the continued expansion of our asset management activities, through new fund formation and the acquisition of NewStar Capital, the Company reassessed its classification of reporting as a single segment under ASC 280,  Segment Reporting .  Based on this evaluation, the Company determined that reporting the results of its Commercial Lending and Asset Management as two segments would better reflect how the Company is now managed and how information is internally reviewed.  For complete segment information, see Note 15.  
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. ASU 2015-03 is effective for the interim or annual period beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016 and applied the standard retrospectively. The balance sheet presented has been adjusted to reflect the period specific effects of the adoption of the guidance.  The adoption of ASU 2015-03 had the following impact on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015.  

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments in Business Combinations (Topic 805) .  ASU 2015-16 eliminated the requirement to retrospectively adjust the financial statements for measurement-period adjustments that occur in periods after a business combination is consummated.  ASU 2015-16 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within that period beginning after December 15, 2015.  The Company adopted ASU 2015-16 on January 1, 2016.  The adoption of ASU 2015-16 did not have a material impact on our results from operations or financial position. 
 11 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . ASU 2014-09 provides a framework that replaces existing revenue recognition guidance. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within that reporting period beginning after December 15,  2017.  Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on results from operations or financial position. 
   
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (Topic 825-10) .  ASU 2016-01 amends existing guidance related to the accounting for certain financial assets and liabilities. These amendments, among other things, require equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, require public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset and eliminate the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within that reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-01 will have on results from operations and financial position. 
   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).   ASU 2016-02 amends existing guidance related to the accounting for leases. These amendments, among other things, require lessees to account for most leases on the balance sheet while recognizing expense on the income statement in a manner similar to existing guidance.  For lessors the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct finance leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within that reporting period beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on results from operations and financial position. 
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,  Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting (Topic 323) .  ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement for an investor to retroactively apply the equity method when its increase in ownership interest (or degree of influence) in an investee triggers equity method accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-07 will have on results from operations and financial position. 
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (Topic 718).   ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification of related amounts within the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within that reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on results from operations and financial position.  
   
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) . ASU 2016-13 sets forth a  current expected credit loss  (CECL) model which requires the Company to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts. This replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost and applies to some off-balance sheet credit exposures. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within that reporting period beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted after annual and interim periods within that reporting period beginning after December 31, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on results from operations or financial position. 
   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230).  ASU 2016-15 provides guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments for presentation in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within that reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-15 will have on results from operations or financial position.  
 12 

Note 3. Acquisition and Disposition Activities  
 Acquisition  
 As previously disclosed, the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding limited liability company interests of Boston-based Feingold O Keeffe Capital, LLC ( FOC Partners ), a boutique credit manager, in October 2015. The Company now operates FOC Partners as NewStar Capital, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.   
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company completed its purchase price allocations and deemed the difference to be immaterial between the provisional and final purchase price allocations.  As the result of facts and circumstances related to the customer contracts and related customer relationships, the Company reassessed the expected economic useful life of these contracts to be approximately 33 months instead of 12 months as originally estimated.     
 Sale of NewStar Business Credit LLC 
 On March 31, 2016, the Company sold its asset based lending business, NewStar Business Credit LLC ( Business Credit ) to a third party. The Company opted to sell Business Credit because it was faced with challenges from increasing competition with access to lower cost of funding.  The sale resulted in a gain of $22.5 million, before transaction related costs of $2.5 million.  The net gain is recorded in non-interest income on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale 
 In September 2016, the Company commenced a process to sell the leasing line of business, NewStar Equipment Finance. As of that date certain assets and liabilities associated with Equipment Finance met the held-for-sale criteria. The potential disposal of Equipment Finance did not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results and is, therefore, not classified as discontinued operations in accordance with ASU 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property and Equipment (Topic 360).  
 The Company measured the asset and liabilities classified as held-for-sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. Any loss resulting from this measurement is recognized in the period in which the held for sale criteria are met. Conversely, gains are not recognized on the sale of a long-lived asset or disposal group until the date of sale. The Company will reassess the fair value of the assets and liabilities, less estimated costs to sell at each reporting period and until they are no longer classified as held for sale. T he Company  determined  that the approximate fair value less costs to sell exceeded the carrying value of the net assets and no loss was recorded. Equipment Finance is included within our Commercial Lending segment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Equipment Finance   contributed $0.8 million and $2.1 million, respectively, in pretax earnings. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, Equipment Finance contributed $0.9 million and $2.3 million, respectively, in pretax earnings.      
 The following table reconciles the major classes of assets and liabilities classified as held for sale and recorded at the carrying value, less estimated costs to sell as part of continuing operations in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

13 

Note 4. Loans Held-for-Sale, Loans, Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses 
   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, loans held-for-sale consisted of the following: 

Loans classified as held-for-sale consist primarily of loans originated or purchased by the Company that are intended to be sold to third parties (including credit funds managed by the Company). During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company foreclosed on the previously held-for-sale impaired real estate loan, simultaneous with the foreclosure, the Company sold a portion of the property for $8.5 million and applied the proceeds to the principal loan balance.  The remaining $15.8 million was transferred to Other Real Estate Owned ( OREO ).   
 Loans held-for-sale are carried at the lower of either market value or aggregate cost, net of any deferred origination costs or fees. 
 At September 30, 2016, loans held-for-sale include loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $433.3 million that were intended to be sold to credit funds managed by the Company.  The Company sold loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $105.0 million for a net loss of $0.04 million to entities other than credit funds managed by the Company during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company sold loans with an outstanding balance of $37.8 million for a net gain of $0.3 million to entities other than credit funds managed by the Company during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, loans and leases consisted of the following: 

(1) Equipment Finance has been transferred to assets held-for-sale as of September 30, 2016, see note 3. 
 (2) Includes loans at fair value of $389.3 million and $0, respectively.   
   
 The Company internally risk rates loans based on individual credit criteria on at least a quarterly basis. Borrowers provide the Company with financial information on either a quarterly or monthly basis. Loan ratings as well as identification of impaired loans are dynamically updated to reflect changes in borrower condition or profile. A loan is considered to be impaired when it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due to it according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans include all non-accrual loans, loans with partial charge-offs and loans which are troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ). 
 The Company utilizes a number of analytical tools for the purpose of estimating probability of default and loss given default for its specialized lending groups.  Management considers results from quantitative models in its Leveraged Finance lending group, which utilize Moody s KMV RiskCalc credit risk model in combination with a proprietary qualitative model.  The Real Estate lending group considers results from a proprietary model that we have developed to capture risk characteristics unique to the lending activities in that line of business. The results from models used by each lending group assist management in determining an appropriate obligor risk rating, which corresponds to a probability of default, as well as a loss given default. In each case, the determined probability of default and the loss given default are used to calculate an expected loss for those lending groups. Prior to classifying Equipment Finance as held-for-sale, management used similar models as its Leveraged Finance group. In each case, the expected loss is the primary  
 14 

component in a formulaic calculation of general reserves attributable to a giv  en loan. Loans and leases which are rated at or better than a specified threshold are typically classified as  Pass , and loans and leases rated worse than that threshold are typically classified as  Criticized , a characterization that may apply to impair  ed loans, including TDR. As of September 30, 2016, $134.9 million of the Company s loans were classified as  Criticized,  all of which were impaired loans, and $3.1 billion were classified as  Pass . As of December 31, 2015, $152.1 million of the Company s   loans were classified as  Criticized , including $143.6 million of the Company s impaired loans, and $3.1 billion were classified as  Pass .  
 A TDR that performs in accordance with the terms of its restructuring may improve its risk profile over time. While the concessions in terms of pricing or amortization may not have been reversed and further amended to  market  levels, the financial condition of the borrower may improve over time to the point where the rating improves from the  Criticized  classification that was appropriate immediately prior to, or at, restructuring. 
 When the Company rates a loan above a certain risk rating threshold and the loan is deemed to be impaired, the Company will establish a specific allowance, if appropriate, and the loan will be analyzed and may be placed on non-accrual. If the asset deteriorates further, the specific allowance may increase, and the asset s deterioration may ultimately result in a loss and charge-off. 
 A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that a creditor will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The measurement of impairment of a loan is based upon (i) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, (ii) the loan s observable market price, or (iii) the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent, depending on the circumstances and our collection strategy. Impaired loans are identified based on the loan-by-loan risk rating process described above. It is the Company s policy during the reporting period to record a specific provision for credit losses and/or partial or full charge off for all loans for which we have serious doubts as to the ability of the borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms. 
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had impaired loans with a balance of $156.9 million. Impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $137.6 million have been restructured and classified as TDRs.  At September 30, 2016, additional funding commitments for TDRs totaled $5.1 million. As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate carrying value of equity investments in certain of the Company s borrowers in connection with troubled debt restructurings totaled $11.0 million. Impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $87.3 million were also on non-accrual status.  For impaired loans on non-accrual status, the Company s policy is to reverse the accrued interest previously recognized as interest income subsequent to the last cash receipt in the current year. The recognition of interest income on the loan only resumes when factors indicating doubtful collection no longer exist and the non-accrual loan payment status has been brought current. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had a small recovery of $0.05 million and charged off $12.9 million, respectively, of non-accruing loan balances.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company placed no loans on non-accrual status.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company placed loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $14.3 million, on non-accrual status.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $3.2 million and $22.3 million, respectively, of net specific provisions for impaired loans. At September 30, 2016, the Company had a $36.2 million specific allowance for impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $105.1 million. At September 30, 2016, additional funding commitments for impaired loans totaled $9.1 million. The Company s obligation to fulfill the additional funding commitments on impaired loans is generally contingent on the borrower s compliance with the terms of the credit agreement, or if the borrower is not in compliance additional funding commitments may be made at the Company s discretion. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had loans totaling $16.3 million on non-accrual status which was greater than 60 days past due and classified as delinquent by the Company. Included in the $36.2 million specific allowance for impaired loans was $4.4 million related to delinquent loans.   
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company had impaired loans with a balance of $193.2 million. At that date, impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $183.6 million had been restructured and classified as TDR. As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate carrying value of equity investments in certain of the Company s borrowers in connection with troubled debt restructurings totaled $11.4 million. Impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $111.3 million were also on non-accrual status. During 2015, the Company charged off $4.0 million of outstanding non-accrual loans. During 2015, the Company placed loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $38.2 million on non-accrual status and returned loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $0.9 million to performing status. During 2015, the Company recorded $9.5 million of net specific provisions for impaired loans. At December 31, 2015, the Company had a $26.8 million specific allowance for impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $121.1 million. At December 31, 2015, additional funding commitments for impaired loans totaled $10.9 million. As of December 31, 2015, loans to three borrowers totaling approximately $18.6 million were on non-accrual status and were greater than 60 days past due and classified as delinquent by the Company. Included in the $26.8 million specific allowance for impaired loans was $2.8 million related to delinquent loans. 
 15 

A summary of impaired loans is as follows:  

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a small recovery of $0.05 million on loans previously charged-off, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded net charge-offs of $14.2 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not record any charge-offs or recoveries, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded net partial charge-offs of $3.9 million. The Company s policy is to record a specific allowance for an impaired loan to cover the identified impairment of that loan. Based on the Company s experience any potential charge-off of such loan would occur when any loan loss amount is considered to be confirmed. The Company may record the initial specific allowance related to an impaired loan in the same period as it records a partial charge-off in certain circumstances such as if the terms of a restructured loan are finalized during that period. When a loan is determined to be uncollectible, the specific allowance is charged off, which reduces the gross investment in the loan. 
 While charge-offs of amounts previously reserved have no net impact on the carrying value of net loans and leases, charge-offs lower the level of the allowance for loan and lease losses; and, as a result, reduce the percentage of allowance for loans and leases to total loans and leases, and the percentage of allowance for loan and lease losses to non-performing loans. 
 Below is a summary of the Company s evaluation of its amortized cost portfolio and allowance for loan and lease losses by impairment methodology: 

16 

(1)   
 
  Represents loans and leases collectively evaluated for impairment in accordance with ASC 450-20,   Loss Contingencies,   and pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 regarding allowance for unimpaired loans and leases. These loans had a weighted average risk rating of 5.1 at September 30, 2016, based on the Company s internally developed 12 point scale for the Leveraged Finance and Real Estate loans.  These loans and leases had a weighted average risk rating of 5.1 at December 31, 2015, based on the Company s internally developed 12 point scale for the Leveraged Finance, Real Estate and Equipment Finance loans and leases. Business Credit Loans had a weighted average risk rating of 5.0 at December 31, 2015 based on the Company s internally developed 10 point scale for Business Credit loans.     

(2)   
 
 Excludes $389.3 million Leveraged Finance loans which the Company elected to record at fair value.      

(3)   
 
 Represents loans individually evaluated for impairment in accordance with ASU 310-10,  Receivables,  and pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 regarding allowance for impaired loans.    

 Below is a summary of the Company s investment in nonaccrual loans. 

Loans being restructured have typically developed adverse performance trends as a result of various factors, the result of which is an inability to comply with the terms of the applicable credit agreement governing the borrowers  obligations to the Company. In order to mitigate default risk and/or liquidation, assuming that liquidation proceeds are not viewed as a more favorable outcome to the Company and other lenders, the Company will enter into negotiations with the borrower and its shareholders on the terms of a restructuring. When restructuring a loan, the Company undertakes an extensive diligence process which typically includes (i) development of a financial model with a forecast horizon that matches the term of the proposed restructuring, (ii) meetings with management of the borrower, (iii) engagement of third party consultants and (iv) other internal analyses. Once a restructuring proposal is developed, it is subject to approval by both the Company s Underwriting and Investment Committee. Loans are only removed from TDR classification after a period of performance following the refinancing of outstanding obligations on terms which are determined to be  market  in all material respects.  The Company may modify loans that are not determined to be a TDR. Where a loan is modified or restructured but loan terms are considered market and no concessions were given on the loan terms, including price, principal amortization or obligation, or other restrictive covenants, a loan will not be classified as a TDR. 
 The Company has made the following types of concessions in the context of a TDR: 
 Group I: 

extension of principal repayment term     

principal holidays     

interest rate adjustments     

 Group II: 

partial forgiveness     

conversion of debt to equity     

 17 

A summary of the types of concessions that the Company made with respect to TDRs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is provided below:  

Note: A loan may be included in both restructuring groups, but not repeated within each group. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had no charge-offs, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 had $7.5 million, of partial charge-offs related to loans previously classified as TDR. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not removed the TDR classification from any loan previously identified as such, but had charged-off, sold and received repayments of outstanding TDRs. 
 The Company measures TDRs similarly to how it measures all loans for impairment. The Company performs a discounted cash flow analysis on cash flow dependent loans and we assess the underlying collateral value less reasonable costs of sale for collateral dependent loans. Management analyzes the projected performance of the borrower to determine if it has the ability to service principal and interest payments based on the terms of the restructuring. Loans will typically not be returned to accrual status until at least six months of contractual payments have been made in a timely manner or the borrower shows significant ability to maintain servicing of the restructured debt. Additionally, at the time of a restructuring and quarterly thereafter, an impairment analysis is undertaken to determine the measurement of specific reserve, if any, on each impaired loan. 
 Below is a summary of the Company s loans which were newly classified as TDR and existing TDR loans which subsequently defaulted, in each during the periods presented. 

18 

The following sets forth a breakdown of troubled debt restructurings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company classifies a loan as delinquent when it is over 60 days past due. An age analysis of the Company s delinquent receivables is as follows: 

A general allowance is provided for loans and leases that are not impaired. The Company employs a variety of internally developed and third-party modeling and estimation tools for measuring credit risk, which are used in developing an allowance for loan and lease losses on outstanding loans and leases. The Company s allowance framework addresses economic conditions, capital market liquidity and industry circumstances from both a top-down and bottom-up perspective. The Company considers and evaluates a number of factors, including but not limited to, changes in economic conditions, credit availability, industry, loss emergence period, and multiple obligor concentrations in assessing both probabilities of default and loss severities as part of the general component of the allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 19 

On at least a quarterly basis, loans are internally risk-rated based on individual credit criteria, including loan type, loan structures (including balloon and bullet structures common in the Company s Leveraged Finance and R  eal Estate cash flow loans), borrower industry, payment capacity, location and quality of collateral if any (including the Company s Real Estate loans). Borrowers provide the Company with financial information on either a monthly or quarterly basis. Rating  s, corresponding assumed default rates and assumed loss severities are dynamically updated to reflect any changes in borrower condition and/or profile.  
 For Leveraged Finance loans and Equipment Finance loans and leases (prior to the latter s transfer to held-for-sale), the data set used to construct probabilities of default in its allowance for loan losses model, Moody s CRD Private Firm Database, primarily contains middle market loans that share attributes similar to the Company s loans. The Company also considers the quality of the loan terms and lender protections in determining a loan loss in the event of default. 
 Prior to the sale of Business Credit, the Company utilized a proprietary model to risk rate the asset based loans on a monthly basis. This model captured the impact of changes in industry and economic conditions as well as changes in the quality of the borrower s collateral and financial performance to assign a final risk rating. The Company also evaluated historical net loss trends by risk rating from a comprehensive industry database covering more than twenty-five years of experience of the majority of the asset based lenders operating in the United States. Based upon the monthly risk rating from the model, the reserve was adjusted to reflect the historical average for expected loss from the industry database. 
 For Real Estate loans, the Company employs two mechanisms to capture the impact of industry and economic conditions. First, a loan s risk rating, and thereby its assumed default likelihood, can be adjusted to account for overall commercial real estate market conditions. Second, to the extent that economic or industry trends adversely affect a substandard rated borrower s loan-to-value ratio enough to impact its repayment ability, the Company applies a stress multiplier to the loan s probability of default. The multiplier is designed to account for default characteristics that are difficult to quantify when market conditions cause commercial real estate prices to decline. 
 The Company periodically reviews its allowance for credit loss methodology to assess any necessary adjustments based upon changing economic and capital market conditions. If the Company determines that changes in its allowance for credit losses methodology are advisable, as a result of changes in the economic environment or otherwise, the revised allowance methodology may result in higher or lower levels of allowance. At December 31, 2015, the Company enhanced its approach for determining the expected exposure at default to more precisely reflect loan and lease exposures. Given uncertain market conditions, actual losses under the Company s current or any revised allowance methodology may differ materially from the Company s estimate. 
 Additionally, when determining the amount of the general allowance, the Company supplements the base amount with an environmental reserve amount which is governed by a score card system comprised of seven risk factors. The risk factors are designed based on those outlined in the Comptrollers of the Currency s Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Handbook. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the scoring system of the environmental reserve risk factors was recalibrated to align with the enhancement made to the approach for determining the exposure at default. The Company also performs a ratio analysis of comparable money center banks, regional banks and finance companies. While the Company does not rely on this peer group comparison to set the level of allowance for credit losses, use of the peer group does assist management in identifying market trends and serves as an overall reasonableness check on the allowance for credit losses computation. 
 20 

A summary of the activity in the allowance for credit losses is as follows:  

(1)   
 
 Excludes $389.3 million of Leveraged Finance loans which the Company elected to record at fair value.     

21 

Included in the allowance for credit losses at each of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is an allowance for unfunded commitments of $0.5 million, which is recorded as a component of other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet with changes recorded in the provision for credit losses on the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The methodology for determining the allowance for unfunded commitments is consistent with the methodology for determining the allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a total provision for credit losses of $24.9 million. The Company increased its allowance for credit losses to $66.4 million as of September 30, 2016 from $58.7 million at December 31, 2015 as a result of an increase in the specific allowance for credit losses primarily related to the deterioration of four credits.  In addition, the Company transferred four commercial real estate loans to loans held-for-sale which resulted in an additional $1.1 million of provision expense.  The general allowance for credit losses covers probable incurred losses in the Company s loan and lease portfolio with respect to loans and leases for which no specific impairment has been identified. When a loan is classified as impaired, the loan is evaluated for a specific allowance and a specific provision may be recorded, thereby removing it from consideration under the general component of the allowance analysis. Loans that are deemed to be uncollectible are charged off and deducted from the allowance, and recoveries on loans previously charged off are netted against loans charged off. A specific provision for credit losses is recorded with respect to impaired loans for which it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement for which there is impairment recognized. The outstanding balance of impaired loans, which include all of the outstanding balances of the Company s delinquent loans and its troubled debt restructurings, as a percentage of  Loans and leases, net  was 5 % as of September 30, 2016 and 6% as of December 31, 2015. 
 22 

The Company closely monitors the credit quality of its loans which is partly reflected in its credit metrics such as loan delinquencies, non-accruals and charge-offs. Changes in these credit metrics are largely due to changes in eco  nomic conditions and seasoning of the loan and lease portfolio.  
 The Company continually evaluates the appropriateness of its allowance for credit losses methodology. Based on the Company s evaluation process to determine the level of the allowance for loan and lease losses, management believes the allowance to be adequate as of September 30, 2016 in light of the estimated known and inherent risks identified through its analysis. 

Note 5. Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had the ability to use $232.1 million of restricted cash to fund new or existing loans. 

Note 6. Investments in Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale 
 Amortized cost of investments in debt securities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

The amortized cost, gross unrealized holding gains, gross unrealized holding losses, and fair value of available-for-sale securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not purchase any debt securities and a $6.0 million investment in debt securities was redeemed at par.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company purchased $85.0 million of debt securities and $33.0 million investment in securities were redeemed at par.  The Company did not sell any debt securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 
 The Company did not record any net  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment  charges during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 23 

The following is an analysis of the continuous periods during which the Company has held investment positions which were carried at an unrealized loss as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

As a result of the Company s evaluation of the securities, management concluded that the unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were caused by changes in market prices driven by interest rates and credit spreads. The Company s evaluation of impairment include quotes from third party pricing services, adjustments to prepayment speeds, delinquency, an analysis of expected cash flows, interest rates, market discount rates, other contract terms, and the timing and level of losses on the loans and leases within the underlying trusts. At September 30, 2016, the Company has determined that it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell the securities before the Company recovers its amortized cost basis in the security. The Company has also determined that there has not been an adverse change in the cash flows expected to be collected. Based upon the Company s impairment review process, and the Company s ability and intent to hold these securities until maturity or a recovery of fair value, the decline in the value of these investments is not considered to be  Other Than Temporary.  
 Maturities of debt securities classified as available-for-sale were as follows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Actual maturities of debt securities may differ from those presented above since certain obligations amortize and provide the issuer of the individual debt securities the right to call or prepay the obligation prior to the scheduled final stated maturity without penalty. 
   
 Note 7. Borrowings 
 Credit Facilities 
 As of September 30, 2016 the Company had two credit facilities through certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries: (i) a $615.0 million credit facility with syndicated lenders agented by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells Fargo ) to fund leveraged finance loans, and (ii) a $250.0 million credit facility with Citibank, N.A. ( Citibank ) to fund leveraged finance loans.  
 The Company must comply with various covenants under these facilities. The breach of certain of these covenants could result in a termination event and the exercise of remedies if not cured. At September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. These covenants are customary and include, but are not limited to, failure to service debt obligations, failure to meet liquidity covenants and tangible net worth covenants, and failure to remain within prescribed facility portfolio delinquency, charge-off  
 24 

levels, and overcollateralization tests.   
 The Company has a $615.0 million credit facility with syndicated lenders agented by Wells Fargo to fund leveraged finance loans. The credit facility had an outstanding balance of $293.9 million and unamortized deferred financing fees of $6.8 million as of September 30, 2016. In February 2016 and June 2016, the Company upsized this facility, which increased the commitment amount from $475.0 million to $615.0 million. Interest on this facility accrues at a variable rate per annum. The facility matures on August 10, 2020. The facility provides for a revolving reinvestment period which ends on August 10, 2018, with a two-year amortization period. 
 The Company has a $250.0 million credit facility with Citibank to fund leveraged finance loans. The credit facility had an outstanding balance of $208.3 million and unamortized deferred financing fees of $2.6 million as of September 30, 2016. Interest on this facility accrues at a variable rate per annum. The facility matures on May 5, 2020. It provides for a revolving reinvestment period which ends on May 5, 2018, with a two-year amortization period.         
 As a result of the ongoing process to sell its leasing business, NewStar Equipment Finance, the note purchase agreement with Wells Fargo under the terms of which Wells Fargo agreed to provide a $75.0 million credit facility to fund equipment leases and loans was reclassified to liabilities held-for-sale. The credit facility has an outstanding balance of $16.9 million and unamortized deferred financing fees of $0.2 million as of September 30, 2016.  
 On September 15, 2016, the Company repaid the $350.0 million note purchase agreement with Credit Suisse that provided the financing to fund the purchase of broadly syndicated bank loans during the warehouse phase of the Arch Street CLO. The supplemental junior note commitment by NewStar Capital was also repaid in full. The notes were repaid from proceeds of the Arch Street CLO bond issuance.  
 On March 31, 2016, the Company sold its membership interest in NewStar Business Credit LLC ( Business Credit ).  In connection with the sale, the Company repaid all outstanding indebtedness of Business Credit, including amounts outstanding under the $175 million credit facility with a syndicate of lenders agented by DZ Bank AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftbank Frankfurt ( DZ Bank ) with an outstanding balance of $102.0 million and the $165.0 million credit facility with a syndicate of lenders agented by Wells Fargo with an outstanding balance of $135.4 million, each of which was terminated.  The Company accelerated and recognized deferred financing fees of $1.1 million and $0.7 million, respectively, related to the warehouse facilities during the first quarter of 2016.     
 Senior notes 
 On April 22, 2015, the Company issued $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.25% Senior Notes due 2020 (the  2020 Notes ). On November 9, 2015, the Company issued an additional $80.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes issued on November 9, 2015, were issued at a debt discount of $0.8 million which will amortize over the life of the 2020 Notes. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the April notes offering to repay in full its corporate credit facility with Fortress Credit Corp.  The 2020 Notes mature on May 1, 2020, and bear interest at a rate of 7.25% per annum, which is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. At any time prior to May 1, 2017, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain public equity offerings at a price equal to 107.25% of the aggregate principal amount so redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that immediately following the redemption, at least 65% of the 2020 Notes that were originally issued remain outstanding. Additionally, at any time prior to May 1, 2017, the Company may redeem some or all of the 2020 Notes at a price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon and a make-whole premium. On or after May 1, 2017, the Company may redeem the 2020 Notes, in whole or in part, at redemption prices specified in the 2020 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. In addition, if the Company undergoes a change of control, the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase each holder s 2020 Notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2020 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. As of September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $5.9 million. 
 25 

Subordinated notes  
 On December 4, 2014, the Company completed the initial closing of an investment of long-term capital from funds sponsored by Franklin Square Capital Partners ("Franklin Square") and sub-advised by GSO Capital Partners at which the Franklin Square funds purchased $200.0 million of 10-year subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes"), which rank junior to the Company's existing and future senior debt. During 2015, the Company drew an additional $75 million of these Subordinated Notes.  The Company drew the remaining $25 million in January 2016. The Subordinated Notes were recorded at par less the initial relative fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the investment in December 2014 and January 2015, which was $55.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and $60.0 million as of December 31, 2015. The debt discount will amortize over the life of the notes and will be recorded as non-cash interest expense as the Subordinated Notes accrete to par value. As of September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $5.1 million. The Subordinated Notes bear interest at 8.25% and include a Payment-in-Kind ("PIK Toggle") feature that allows the Company, at its option, to elect to have interest accrued at a rate of 8.75% added to the principal of the Subordinated Notes instead of paying it in cash. The Subordinated Notes have a ten-year term and mature on December 4, 2024. They are callable during the first three years with payment of a make-whole premium. The prepayment premium decreases to 103% and 101% after the third and fourth anniversaries of the closing, respectively. They are callable at par after December 4, 2019.  Beginning on December 5, 2019, the Company is required to make a cash payment of principal plus accrued interest in an amount required to prevent the Subordinated Notes from being treated as an "Applicable High Yield Discount Obligation" within the meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Events of default under the Subordinated Notes include failure to pay interest or principal when due subject to applicable grace periods, material uncured breaches of the terms of the Subordinated Notes, and bankruptcy/insolvency events.   
 Term Debt Securitizations 
 2007-1 CLO.   In June 2007, the Company completed a term debt securitization transaction. In conjunction with this transaction the Company established a separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Trust 2007-1 (the  2007-1 CLO Trust ) and sold and contributed $600.0 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2007-1 CLO Trust. The Company remains the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2007-1 CLO Trust issued $546.0 million of notes to institutional investors. The Company retained $54.0 million, comprising 100% of the 2007-1 CLO Trust s trust certificates. At September 30, 2016, the $97.4 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $151.6 million.  The 2007-1 CLO Trust permitted reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a six-year period which ended in May 2013. During 2012, the Company purchased $0.2 million of the 2007-1 CLO Trust s Class C notes. During 2010, the Company purchased $5.0 million of the 2007-1 CLO Trust s Class D notes. During 2009, the Company purchased $1.0 million of the 2007-1 CLO Trust s Class D notes.  
 During 2009, Moody s downgraded all of the notes of the 2007-1 CLO Trust. As a result of the downgrade, amortization of the 2007-1 CLO Trust changed from pro rata to sequential, resulting in scheduled principal payments thereafter made in order of the notes  seniority until all available funds are exhausted for each payment. 
 The Company receives a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. The Company also receives payments with respect to the classes of notes it owns in accordance with the transaction documents. The Company expects to receive a principal distribution as owner of the trust certificates when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2007-1 CLO Trust is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2007-1 CLO Trust would not be distributed until the undistributed cash plus recoveries equals the outstanding balance of the defaulted loan or if the Company elected to remove the defaulted collateral. 
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2007-1 CLO Trust: 

26 

2012-2 CLO.    On December 18, 2012, the Company completed a term debt securitization transaction. In conjunction with this transaction the Company established a separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Fundin  g 2012-2 LLC (the  2012-2 CLO ) and sold and contributed $325.9 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2012-2 CLO. The Company remains the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale a  nd contribution, the 2012-2 CLO issued $263.3 million of notes to institutional investors. The Company retained $62.6 million, comprising 100% of the 2012-2 CLO s membership interests, Class E notes, Class F notes, and subordinated notes. On June 12, 2015,   the Company sold 100% of the 2012-2 CLO s Class E Notes totaling $16.3 million to institutional investors. At September 30, 2016, the $260.2 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection   account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $306.5 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $0.9 million. The 2012-2 CLO permitted reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a three-year period which en  ded in January 2016.   
 The Company receives a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. The Company also receives payments with respect to the classes of notes it owns in accordance with the transaction documents. The Company expects to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2012-2 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2012-2 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, are not satisfied. 
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2012-2 CLO: 

2013-1 CLO.   On September 11, 2013, the Company completed a term debt securitization transaction through its separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2013-1 LLC (the  2013-1 CLO ) and sold and contributed $247.6 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2013-1 CLO. The Company remains the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2013-1 CLO issued $338.6 million of notes to institutional investors. The Company retained $61.4 million, comprising 100% of the 2013-1 CLO s membership interests, Class F notes, Class G notes, and subordinated notes. At September 30, 2016, the $338.6 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $400.0 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $2.8 million. The 2013-1 CLO permitted reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a three-year period which ended in September 2016.  
 The Company receives a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. The Company also receives payments with respect to the classes of notes it owns in accordance with the transaction documents. The Company expects to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2013-1 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2013-1 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, are not satisfied. 
 27 

The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2013-1 CLO:  

(1)   
 
 Class A-R Notes accrue interest at the Class A-R CP Rate so long as they are held by a CP Conduit, and otherwise will accrue interest at the Class A-R LIBOR Rate or, in certain circumstances, the Class A-R Base Rate, but in no event shall the interest rate payable pari passu with the Class A-T Notes exceed the Class A-R Waterfall Rate Cap.    

 2014-1 CLO.   On April 17, 2014, the Company completed a term debt securitization transaction through its separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2014-1 LLC (the  2014-1 CLO ) and sold and contributed $249.6 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2014-1 CLO. The Company remains the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2014-1 CLO issued $289.5 million of notes to institutional investors. The Company retained $58.9 million, comprising 100% of the 2014-1 CLO s membership interests, Class E notes, Class F notes, and subordinated notes. At September 30, 2016, the $289.5 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $348.4 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $2.1 million. The 2014-1 CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in April 2018. Should the Company determine that reinvestment of collateral principal repayments are impractical in light of market conditions or if collateral principal repayments are not reinvested within a prescribed timeframe, such funds may be used to repay the outstanding notes.  
 The Company receives a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. The Company also receives payments with respect to the classes of notes it owns in accordance with the transaction documents. The Company expects to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2014-1 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2014-1 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, are not satisfied. 
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2014-1 CLO: 

2015-1 CLO.   On March 20, 2015, the Company completed a term debt securitization transaction through its separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2015-1 LLC (the  2015-1 CLO ) and sold and contributed $336.3 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2015-1 CLO. The Company remains the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2015-1 CLO issued $410.3 million of notes to institutional investors. The Company retained $85.8 million, comprising 100% of the 2015-1 CLO s membership   
 28 

interests and subordinated notes. At September 30, 2016, the $410.3 milli  on of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $496.1 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $3.4 milli  on. The 2015-1 CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in April 2019. Should the Company determine that reinvestment of collateral principal repayments are impractical in light of market conditions or if co  llateral principal repayments are not reinvested within a prescribed timeframe, such funds may be used to repay the outstanding notes.  
 The Company receives a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. The Company also receives payments with respect to the classes of notes it owns in accordance with the transaction documents. The Company expects to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2015-1 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2015-1 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, are not satisfied. 
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2015-1 CLO: 

2015-2 CLO.   On September 15, 2015, the Company completed a term debt securitization transaction through its separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2015-2 LLC (the  2015-2 CLO ) and sold and contributed $298.4 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2015-2 CLO. The Company remains the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2015-2 CLO issued $327.8 million of notes to institutional investors. The Company retained $70.1 million, comprising 100% of the 2015-2 CLO s membership interests and a portion of the Class E notes. At September 30, 2016, the $327.8 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $397.8 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $3.1 million. The 2015-2 CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in August 2019. Should the Company determine that reinvestment of collateral principal repayments are impractical in light of market conditions or if collateral principal repayments are not reinvested within a prescribed timeframe, such funds may be used to repay the outstanding notes.  
 The Company receives a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. The Company also receives payments with respect to the classes of notes it owns in accordance with the transaction documents. The Company expects to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2015-2 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2015-2 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, are not satisfied. 
 29 

The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2015-2 CLO:  

2016-1 CLO.   On March 2, 2016, the Company completed a term debt securitization transaction through its separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2016-1 LLC (the  2016-1 CLO ) and sold and contributed $247.3 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2016-1 CLO. The Company remains the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2016-1 CLO issued $255.8 million of notes to institutional investors. The Company retained $92.2 million, comprising 100% of the 2016-1 CLO s membership interests, and the Class D and Class E notes. At September 30, 2016, the $255.8 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $348.0 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $2.6 million. The 2016-1 CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in February 2020. Should the Company determine that reinvestment of collateral principal repayments are impractical in light of market conditions or if collateral principal repayments are not reinvested within a prescribed timeframe, such funds may be used to repay the outstanding notes.  
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2016-1 CLO: 

Arch Street CLO.   On September 15, 2016, NewStar Capital LLC completed a $409.8 million broadly syndicated loan securitization. The notes offered in the collateralized loan obligation ( Arch Street CLO ) were issued by Arch Street CLO, Ltd., an exempted company incorporated under   the   laws of the Cayman Islands, and (with the exception of the Class E and F notes) by Arch Street CLO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (each a subsidiary of NewStar Capital and collectively,  Arch Street ). The Arch Street CLO notes are backed by a diversified portfolio of broadly syndicated loans purchased and serviced by the Company. Investors purchased approximately $370.3 million of the Arch Street CLO notes, representing approximately 90.4% of the total capitalization of Arch Street. The Company retained all of the Class F notes and subordinated notes which together totaled approximately $39.5 million, representing approximately 9.6% of the total capitalization of Arch Street. At September 30, 2016, the outstanding note balance was $370.3 million and unamortized deferred financing fees were $4.3 million. The reinvestment period is expected to end in October 2020 and scheduled to mature in October 2028.  
 The Company receives a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. The Company also receives payments with respect to the classes of notes it owns in accordance with the transaction documents. The Company expects to receive a principal  
 30 

distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the Arch Street CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the Arch Street CLO may not be distributed if the o  vercollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, are not satisfied.  

2015-1 ABS.   As a result of the ongoing process to sell its leasing business, NewStar Equipment Finance, the static asset-backed securitization NewStar Commercial Lease Funding 2015-1 LLC (the  2015-1 ABS ) that was completed on September 1, 2015 was reclassified to liabilities held-for-sale. As of September 30, 2016, the 2015-1 ABS Class A notes have a balance of $9.7 million and unamortized deferred financing fees of $1.1 million.  

Note 8. Repurchase Agreements 

The Company has entered into a repurchase transaction with Deutsche Bank AG, pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 version), dated as of February 13, 2015 between Deutsche Bank AG and NS Bond Funding I LLC (the  Deutsche Bank Repurchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Deutsche Bank Repurchase Agreement, Deutsche Bank AG will purchase securities and simultaneously agree to sell the securities back to the Company at a specified date. Under the terms of the Deutsche Bank Repurchase Agreement, the Company is required at all times to maintain a level of overcollateralization for the obligations, which is maintained through daily margining. As of September 30, 2016, there was no outstanding balance under the Deutsche Bank Repurchase Agreement. The Company has made certain representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants and requirements customary for financing arrangements of this nature. 
 The Company has entered into a repurchase transaction with Citigroup Global Markets, pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 version), dated as of March 16, 2015 between Citigroup Global Markets and NS Loan Originator LLC (the  Citigroup Repurchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Citigroup Repurchase Agreement, Citigroup Global Markets will purchase securities and simultaneously agree to sell the securities back to the Company at a specified date. Under the terms of the Citigroup Repurchase Agreement, the Company is required at all times to maintain a level of overcollateralization for the obligations, which is maintained through daily margining. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance was $14.8 million. The Company has made certain representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants and requirements customary for financing arrangements of this nature. 
 The Company has entered into a repurchase transaction with JP Morgan Chase Bank pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 version), dated as of April 2, 2015 between JP Morgan Chase Bank and NS Bond Funding II LLC (the  JP Morgan Repurchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the JP Morgan Repurchase Agreement, JP Morgan Chase Bank will purchase securities and simultaneously agree to sell the securities back to the Company at a specified date. Under the terms of the JP Morgan Repurchase Agreement, the Company is required at all times to maintain a level of overcollateralization for the obligations, which is maintained through daily margining. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance was $36.0 million. The Company has made  
 31 

certain representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants and requirements customary for financing arrangements of this nature.  
 The Company has entered into a repurchase transaction with Natixis Securities Americas LLC pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 version), dated as of October 14, 2015 between Natixis Securities Americas LLC and NS Bond Funding III LLC (the  Natixis Repurchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Natixis Repurchase Agreement, Natixis Securities Americas LLC will purchase securities and simultaneously agree to sell the securities back to the Company at a specified date. Under the terms of the Natixis Repurchase Agreement, the Company is required at all times to maintain a level of overcollateralization for the obligations, which is maintained through daily margining. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance was $1.7 million. The Company has made certain representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants and requirements customary for financing arrangements of this nature. 
   
 On August 29, 2016, the Company redeemed in full the five-year, $68.0 million financing arrangement with Macquarie Bank Limited with an outstanding balance of $10.7 million. The Company accelerated and recognized deferred financial fees of $0.3 million related to repurchase facility during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 Note 9. Stockholders  Equity 
 Stockholders  Equity 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s authorized capital consists of preferred and common stock and the following was authorized and outstanding: 

Preferred Stock 
 The Company s authorized capital stock includes 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.01 per share, all of which remain undesignated. 
 Common Stock 
 On October 7, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5.0 million of the Company s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.   On February 10, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an increase to this stock repurchase program to authorize the repurchase of up to an aggregate of $30.0 million of the Company s common stock (inclusive of approximately $4.9 million remaining under the existing program). The timing and amount of any shares purchased under the repurchase program will be determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The repurchase program, as amended, will expire on December 31, 2016 unless extended by the Board and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased 1,241,999 shares of common stock under this program at a weighted average price per share of $7.18, of which 1,000,000 shares were repurchased in a privately negotiated transaction with an unaffiliated third party for an aggregate purchase price of $7.0 million.   
 On March 24, 2015, the Company repurchased 1,000,000 shares of its common stock in a privately negotiated transaction with an unaffiliated third party for an aggregate purchase price of $10.3 million. 
 Warrants 
 On January 23, 2015, the Company completed its December 4, 2014 issuance of warrants as part of the strategic relationship with Franklin Square Capital Partners ( Franklin Square ). The Company issued the second tranche of warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of its common stock subject to the same terms as the warrants that were issued on December 4, 2014, bringing the total warrants to purchase shares of common stock to 12,000,000. 
 Restricted Stock 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued 523,903 shares of restricted stock to certain employees of the Company pursuant to the Company s 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended and 74,020 shares of restricted stock to certain members  
 32 

of its Board of Directors. The fair value of the shares of restricted stock is equal to the closing price of the Company s stock on the da  te of issuance. The shares of restricted stock issued to employees of the Company vest in three equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant.   
 Restricted stock activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

The Company s compensation expense related to restricted stock was $1.0 million and $2.8 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.8 million and $2.5 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The unrecognized compensation cost of $3.2 million at September 30, 2016 is expected to be recognized over the next three years. 
 Stock Options 
 Under the Company s 2006 Incentive Plan, the Company s compensation committee may grant options to purchase shares of common stock. Stock options may either be incentive stock options ( ISOs ) or non-qualified stock options. ISOs may only be granted to officers and employees. The compensation committee will, with regard to each stock option, determine the number of shares subject to the stock option, the manner and time of exercise, vesting, and the exercise price, which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of the grant. The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options or other awards or upon grant of any other award may be either previously authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. 
 Stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has recognized all compensation costs related to options granted. 

Note 10. Earnings Per Share 
   
 The Company utilizes the two-class method to calculate earnings per share.  The two-class method allocates net income to each class of common stock and participating security.  Unvested share-based payment awards granted to certain employees and board members entitle holders to same rights as outstanding and vested common stock.   These securities are considered to be participating securities and are included in the allocation for computing earnings per share under this method. Income is allocated to common shareholders and participating securities under the two-class method based upon the proportion of each to the total weighted average shares available. 
 33 

The computations of basic and diluted income per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as   follows:  

Warrants to purchase common stock totaling 12,000,000 were not included in the computation of earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 due to the fact that the effect would be anti-dilutive. Stock options totaling 741,845 were not included in the computation of earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the fact that the effect would be anti-dilutive.  

Note 11. Variable Interest Entities 
 On October 1, 2015, the Company adopted ASU 2015-2,  Consolidation   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  which revised the existing consolidation guidance and required the Company to re-evaluate its consolidation conclusions under the new model.  The new consolidation model revised the conditions required for consolidation, the criteria to be considered a variable interest entity and the determination of the primary beneficiary. The Company s involvement in VIE s includes term debt securitizations and sponsored funds.   
 The Company sponsors the formation of various entities that are considered to be VIEs. The majority of these VIEs were formed to issue term debt securitizations. The assets of the VIEs are primarily comprised of senior secured loans and the liabilities are primarily comprised of debt. The Company's determination of whether it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE is based in part on an assessment of whether or not the Company is exposed to the majority of the risks and rewards of the entity. In instances where the Company retains a significant portion of the equity and remains the servicer of the loans, it was determined that the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of these VIEs. Additionally, the Company determined that the potential fees that we could receive directly or indirectly from these VIEs represent rights to returns that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. As a result, the Company was deemed the primary beneficiary and therefore has consolidated these entities. Consolidated VIEs are disclosed in Note 7. 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 In January 2015, NewStar closed a new managed credit fund, NewStar Clarendon Fund CLO LLC (the  Clarendon Fund ), a $400.0 million term debt securitization. The Clarendon Fund is the third credit fund established by the Company to co-invest in directly originated middle market commercial loans. To comply with European Union ( EU ) risk retention rules, the Company holds 5% of each class of notes in the securitization (vertical strip), totaling $20.4 million. The Clarendon Fund employs an independent investment professional who is responsible for  reviewing and approving investment recommendations made to the Clarendon Fund by the Company.  The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the Clarendon Fund and will not consolidate the Clarendon Fund s operating results or statements of financial position; however, the Company has determined that it has a variable interest in the Clarendon Fund as it holds notes of the securitization.   
 34 

The following table sets forth the informat  ion with respect to the unconsolidated VIEs for which the Company holds a variable interest in as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

(1)   Includes equity investment the Company has made, or is required to make, and any earned but uncollected management and incentive fees. The Company does not record performance and incentive allocations until the respective measurement period has ended. 
 In October 2015, NewStar acquired FOC Partners, which now operates as NewStar Capital. At acquisition, NewStar Capital was the investment manager for six collateralized loan obligations and two sponsored funds and provided discretionary services to a series of separately managed accounts. The Company determined that it was not the primary beneficiary of any of acquired CLOs, sponsored funds or separately managed accounts; however, the Company determined that it had a variable interest in the Secured Value sponsored fund as it holds approximately one percent of the interest of the fund. 

Note 12. Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk 
 The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its borrowers. These financial instruments include unfunded commitments and standby letters of credit. The instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in particular classes of financial instruments. 
 The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 Unused lines of credit are commitments to lend to a borrower if certain conditions have been met. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Because certain commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each borrower s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral required is based on factors that include management s credit evaluation of the borrower and the borrower s compliance with financial covenants. Due to their fluctuating nature, the Company cannot know with certainty the aggregate amounts that will be required to fund its unfunded commitments. The aggregate amount of these unfunded commitments currently exceeds the Company s available funds and will likely continue to exceed its available funds in the future. 
 The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending credit to our borrowers. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by us to guarantee the performance by a borrower to a third party. 
 Financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk are summarized as follows: 

Note 13. Total Return Swap 
 The Company was a participant in a Total Return Swap ( TRS ), which matured on March 31, 2016. We acted as the manager of the TRS and selected the specific loans to be subject to the TRS. The TRS did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment as it did not offset the risks of another investment position.  
 The underlying referenced loan portfolio of the TRS was primarily large, liquid, broadly syndicated senior secure floating rate loans with Citibank, N.A. as the counterparty. The TRS effectively added leverage to the Company's portfolio by providing economic benefits of the loans subject to the TRS, despite the fact that such loans were not directly owned the Company, in return for an interest-type payment to Citibank. 
 35 

On     December   4, 2014, NewStar TRS I LLC, a newly-formed wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the TRS.  The initial max  imum market value (determined at the time such loan becomes subject to the TRS) of the portfolio of loans subject to the TRS was $75.0 million.  On December 15, 2014, we entered into an amendment to the TRS that increased the maximum value to $125.0 millio  n, on March 2, 2015, we entered into an amendment that increased the maximum value to $150.0 million, and on July 14, 2015, we entered into an additional amendment to the TRS that increased the maximum value to $175.0 million.   
 Upon maturity of the TRS, the Company purchased $138.9 million  of the loans in the referenced portfolio.  The majority of these loans were purchased to fund future CLOs of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary NewStar Capital.  The Company recorded these loans at fair value which was determined by using the  midpoint of the bid-ask spread provided by an independent third-party pricing service.  
 The Company recorded interest income from the TRS portfolio of $2.2 million, interest expense from the TRS portfolio of $0.8 million, and a realized loss on the TRS of $6.1 million in the consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 At December 31, 2015, the receivable and realized loss on the total return swap on the consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of operations consisted of the following: 

The fair value of the TRS was reflected as an unrealized gain or loss on the total return swap on the consolidated balance sheet, within other assets or liabilities. The change in value of the TRS was reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as loss (gain) on total return swap. 
 As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of the underlying referenced portfolio was $155.6 million. 
 The Company's obligations under the TRS were non-recourse to it, and its exposure was limited to the value of the cash collateral which fluctuated from time to time depending on the market value of the underlying loans. The Company was required to cash collateralize a specified percentage of each loan included under the TRS in accordance with margin requirements. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had cash collateral on deposit with Citibank of $0 and $56.5 million, respectively.   
 The Company paid interest to Citibank for each loan at a rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus 1.60% per annum. Upon the termination or repayment of any loan under the TRS Agreement, the Company would deduct the appreciation of such loan's value from any interest owed to Citibank or pay the depreciation amount to Citibank in addition to remaining interest payments. 

Note 14. Fair Value 
 ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements  ( ASC 820 ) establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1   inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.     

Level 2   inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.     

Level 3   inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.     

 A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
 36 

Items Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
 Investments in debt securities, available-for-sale 
 Investments in debt securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value measurement of investments in debt securities is based on third party pricing services or by using internally developed financial models. For securities in less liquid markets where there is limited activity and little transparency around broker quotes used to value such securities, the Company classifies securities valued using broker quotes as Level 3. If quoted prices are not available, then fair value is estimated by using internally developed financial models. These securities are not actively traded and require a private sale, and the valuation involves application of significant management judgment. Inputs into the model-based valuations can include changes in market indexes, selling prices of similar securities, management s assumptions related to the credit rating of the security, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions and management s assessment of the current market conditions. Such securities are classified as Level 3, as the valuation models are based on significant inputs that are unobservable in the market. 
 Loans  
 Loans designated to Credit Funds managed by NewStar Capital are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company has elected to apply the fair value option accounting to these loans which is consistent with the manner in which the Credit Funds are managed.  The fair value of these loans are based on third party pricing services.  These loans are classified as Level 2. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a $3.7 million gain from the change in fair value which was recorded in other miscellaneous income, net. 
 Total return swap 
 The fair value of the total return swap was based on third party pricing services who collect prices through a variety of methods including dealer runs, indicative sheets and online posts. The Company recorded the total return swap with Citibank as Level 2.  At September 30, 2016, the Company no longer participated in the TRS.  At December 31, 2015, the TRS was included within Other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.  The TRS had a maximum notional amount of $175.0 million and was carried at an estimated fair value of $(4.4) million, comprised of $1.4 million of interest receivable and an unrealized loss of $5.8 million on the underlying loan portfolio.  
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis    
 Collateral dependent impaired loans 
 Collateral dependent loans that are deemed to be impaired are valued based upon the fair value of the underlying collateral. For collateral dependent loans for which repayment is dependent on the sale of the collateral, management adjusts the fair value for estimated costs to sell. For collateral dependent loans for which repayment is dependent on the operation of the collateral, management may also adjust values to reflect estimated market value declines or apply other discounts to appraised values. Collateral dependent impaired loans are categorized as Level 3.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $4.2 million of specific allowance for credit losses related to  Collateral dependent impaired loans  measured at fair value at September 30, 2016, which was subsequently charged off when the impaired loans were transferred to the held-for-sale portfolio. During 2015, the Company recorded $0.3 million of specific allowance for credit losses related to  Collateral dependent impaired loans  measured at fair value. 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 Loans held-for-sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value.  Loans held-for-sale measured at fair value consist of loans that have had credit downgrades and/or have remained in the loans held-for-sale portfolio for a significant period of time. When fair value is determined to be the carrying value, the fair values of these loans are obtained through a third party pricing service or by using internally developed financial models.  Inputs into the model-based valuations can include changes in market indexes, selling prices of similar loans, management s assumption related to the credit rating of the loan, prepayment assumptions and other factors, such as credit loss assumptions. Where quoted market prices are obtained through dealer quotes, broker indicative prices or online posts, loans held-for-sale are classified as Level 2.  Loans held-for-sale are classified as Level 3 in instances where valuation models are based on significant inputs that are unobservable in the market.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a $5.3 million loss related to  Loans, held-for-sale  measured at fair value.  During 2015, the Company recorded a $2.6 million loss related to  Loans, held-for-sale  measured at fair value. 
 Other real estate owned or repossessed assets 
 The Company does not record other real estate owned or repossessed assets at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value is estimated using one of several methods, including collateral value, market value of similar properties, liquidation value and discounted cash flows. M anagement may adjust the fair value for estimated costs to sell or adjust values to reflect estimated market value declines or apply other discounts to values.  The Company records the other real estate owned and repossessed assets as Level 3.  During the  
 37 

nine months ended September 30 201  6, the Company recorded a $0.2 million expense to write down other real estate owned to fair value.   
 The following table presents recorded amounts of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016, by caption in the consolidated balance sheet and by ASC 820 valuation hierarchy (as described above). 

The following table presents recorded amounts of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2015, by caption in the consolidated balance sheet and by ASC 820 valuation hierarchy (as described above). 

38 

The following table presents a summary of significant unobservable inputs and valuation techniques of the Company s Level 3 fair value measurements at September 30, 2016. 

Fair   value  

Valuation Techniques  

Unobservable Input  

Range  

($ in thousands)  

Financial assets:  

Investments in debt securities, available-for-sale  

$  
 
 90,814  

Third-party   pricing  

Pricing   assumptions   such   as prepayment rates, interest rates, loss assumptions, cash flow projections, and comparisons to similar financial instruments  

Loans, held-for-sale  

53,514  

Discounted cash flow  

5% -10%  

Other real estate/repossessed assets  

15,600  

Appraisal  

Cost to sell  

3%- 7%  

Total:  

$  
 
 159,928  

The following table presents a summary of significant unobservable inputs and valuation techniques of the Company s Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2015. 

Fair value  

Valuation Techniques  

Unobservable Input  

Range  

($ in thousands)  

Financial assets:  

Investments in debt securities, 
    available-for-sale  

$  
 
 94,177  

Third-party pricing  

Pricing   assumptions   such   as prepayment rates, interest rates, loss assumptions, cash flow projections, and comparisons to similar financial instruments  

Loans and leases, net  

27,473  

Market comparables 
 Valuation model  

Cost to sell,   Marketability discount  

3% -   7% 5%-30%  

Other real estate owned/repossessed assets  

250  

Appraisal  

Cost to sell  

3% - 7%  

Total:  

$  
 
 121,900  

Changes in level 3 recurring fair value measurements 
 The table below illustrates the change in balance sheet amounts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (including the change in fair value), for financial instruments measured on a recurring basis and classified by the Company as level 3 in the valuation hierarchy. When a determination is made to classify a financial instrument as level 3, the determination is based upon the significance of the unobservable parameters to the overall fair value measurement. However, level 3 financial instruments typically include, in addition to the unobservable or level 3 components, observable components (that is, components that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources); accordingly, the gains and losses in the table below include changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology. The Company did not transfer any financial instruments in or out of level 1, 2, or 3 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 39 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016:  

For the three months ended September 30, 2015: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

40 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. 

The carrying amounts shown in the table are included in the consolidated balance sheets under the indicated captions. 
 41 

The following table presents the carrying amounts, estimated fair values, and placement in the fair   value hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The table excludes financial instruments for which the carrying amount approximates fair value such as cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, cash col  lateral on deposit with custodian, investments in debt securities available-for-sale, and financial information disclosed above.  

Valuation of Other Financial Instruments  
   
 The methodologies for estimating the fair value of financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis are discussed above. The methodologies for other financial instruments are discussed below. 
 Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash collateral on deposit with custodians:  The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.  
 Assets held-for-sale:  The fair value is determined through the evaluation of the expected sale proceeds.  
 Credit facilities:  Due to the adjustable rate nature of the borrowings, the fair values of the credit facilities are estimated to approximate their carrying values. Rates currently are comparable to those offered to the Company for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by the Company s lenders.  
 Term debt securitizations:  The fair value was determined by applying prevailing term debt securitization market interest rates to the Company s current term debt securitization structure.  
 Repurchase agreements:  The fair value was determined by applying prevailing repurchase agreement market interest rates to the Company s current repurchase agreement structure.  
 Senior notes:  The fair value was based on available quoted market prices.  
 42 

Subordinated notes:   The fair value was e  stimated as the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at market interest rates on similar debt instruments, issued by companies with comparable credit ratings.  
 Liabilities held-for-sale:  The carrying amounts approximate fair value.  
 Other assets/other liabilities : Comprised of non-public investments and, through March 31, 2016, the total return swap.  The non-public investments are carried within other assets at $17.2 million and $14.3 million, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. These investments are in the form of equity or warrants and are obtained as part of the loan origination process. The investments are initially recorded at cost and reviewed quarterly.  If the fair value is less than cost then the investment is written down to fair value with the necessary adjustment recorded through current earnings.  Fair value is determined using internally developed valuation models. Where sufficient data exists, a market approach method is utilized to estimate the current value of the underlying company. The estimated fair value of the underlying securities for warrants requiring valuation at fair value is adjusted for discounts related to lack of liquidity. The Company classifies equity and warrants as Level 3.  The total return swap, which was included in other liabilities as of December 31, 2015, was based on third party pricing services who collect prices through a variety of methods including dealer runs, indicative sheets and online posts. The Company classified the total return swap as Level 2.  

Note 15. Segment Reporting 
 Beginning in 2016, the Company has two reportable segments, Commercial Lending and Asset Management. Segment information is derived from the internal reporting system utilized by management.  Revenues and expenses for segments reflect those revenue and expenses which can be specifically identified and have been assigned based on internally developed allocation methods. Results may be restated, when necessary, to reflect changes in organizational structure or allocation methodology. Any changes in allocations that may affect the reported results of any business segment will not affect the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Company as a whole. 
   
 Commercial Lending 
 The Commercial Lending segment represents our direct lending activities which are focused on providing a range of flexible senior secured debt options to mid-sized companies with annual cash flow (EBITDA) typically between $10 million and $50 million owned by private equity investment funds and managed by established professional alternative asset managers. 
   
 Asset Management 
 The Asset Management segment represents our investment advisory activities which are focused on providing opportunities for qualified investors to invest in a range of credit funds managed by the Company that employ credit-oriented strategies focused on middle market loans and liquid, tradeable credit.   
 The following tables presents the statement of operations and total assets for the Company s reportable segments:  

(1)   
 
 Includes fair value adjustments on Loans held-for-sale and fair value portfolio.    

43 

(1)   
 
 Includes fair value adjustments on Loans held-for-sale and fair value portfolio.    

(1)   
 
 Includes fair value adjustment on Loans held-for-sale.     

 44 

(1)   
 
  Includes fair value adjustment on Loans held-for-sale.     

45 

Note 16. Related-Party Transactions  
 On January 15, 2015, the Company announced the closing of the NewStar Clarendon Fund CLO LLC (the  Clarendon Fund ), a $400.0 million term debt securitization. The Clarendon Fund is the third credit fund established by the Company to co-invest in directly originated middle market commercial loans. To comply with EU risk retention rules, the Company holds 5% of each class of note in the securitization, totaling $20.4 million. The Clarendon Fund employs an independent investment professional who is responsible for reviewing and approving investment recommendations made to the Clarendon Fund by the Company. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the Clarendon Fund and will not consolidate the Clarendon Fund s operating results or statements of financial position. Pursuant to a Collateral Management Agreement dated January 15, 2015, the Company serves as collateral manager of the Clarendon Fund. The Company is entitled to receive a fee, which will accrue quarterly based on the fee basis amount in arrears payable on each payment date. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Clarendon Fund s collateral management fee was $0.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Clarendon Fund s collateral management fee was $0.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively.  
 Pursuant to a Collateral Management Agreement dated June 26, 2014, the Company serves as collateral manager of the Arlington Program. The Company is entitled to receive a fee, which will accrue quarterly based on the fee basis amount in arrears payable on each payment date. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Arlington Program s collateral management fee was $0.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Arlington Program s collateral management fee was $0.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively.  
 Pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement dated August 3, 2005, the Company serves as investment manager of the NewStar Credit Opportunities Fund, Ltd. (the  Fund ), a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the provisions of The Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. The Fund pays the Company a fee when cash is distributed to its investors. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Fund paid the Company zero and $0.1 million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Fund paid the Company $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively. 
   
 Note 17. Subsequent Events 
 Term Debt Securitization Redemption 
 On October 17, 2016, the remaining 2015-1 ABS Class A and Class B notes (all of which NewStar retained) with an outstanding balance of $9.7 million and $12.8 million, respectively, were repaid in full. The Company accelerated and recognized deferred financing fees of $1.1 million related to the repayment of the 2015-1 ABS.  
 Share Repurchase 
  On October 21, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of 2.5 million shares of the Company s common stock in privately negotiated transactions outside of the Company s previously announced stock repurchase program.    
   
     Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Important factors that may cause actual results and circumstances to differ materially from those described in such statements are described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as throughout this Item 2. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this document. These statements speak only as of the date of this document, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements, except as may be required by law. 
 Overview 
 NewStar Financial, Inc. (which is referred to throughout this Quarterly Report as  NewStar ,  the Company ,  we  and  us ) is an internally-managed, commercial finance company with specialized lending platforms focused on meeting the complex financing needs of companies and private investors in the middle market. The Company and its wholly owned investment management subsidiary, NewStar Capital LLC, are registered investment advisers and provide asset management services to institutional investors. The Company manages several private credit funds that co-invest in loan origination through its leveraged finance lending platform.  Through NewStar Capital, the Company also manages a series of funds structured as CLOs that invest primarily in broadly syndicated loans, as well as other sponsored funds and managed accounts that invest across various asset classes, including broadly syndicated loans, high yield bonds and distressed credits. Through its specialized lending platforms, the Company provides a range of senior secured debt financing options to mid-sized companies to fund working capital, growth strategies, acquisitions and recapitalizations, as well as purchases of equipment and other capital assets. 
 46 

We believe these lending activities require specialized skills and transaction experience, as well as a significant investment in personnel and operating infrastructure. To meet these demands, our loans and leases are origin  ated directly by teams of credit-trained bankers and experienced marketing officers organized around key industry and market segments. These teams represent specialized lending groups that are supported by centralized credit management and operating platfo  rms. This structure enables us to leverage common standards, systems, and industry and professional expertise across multiple businesses.  
 We target our marketing and origination efforts at private equity firms, mid-sized companies, corporate executives, banks, and a variety of other referral sources and financial intermediaries to develop new customer relationships and source lending opportunities. Our origination network is national in scope and we target companies with business operations across a broad range of industry sectors. We employ highly experienced bankers, marketing officers and credit professionals to identify and structure new lending opportunities and manage customer relationships. We believe that the quality of our professionals, the breadth of their relationships and referral networks, and their ability to develop creative solutions for customers position us to be a valued partner and preferred lender for mid-sized companies and private equity funds with middle market investment strategies. 
 The Company s emphasis on direct origination is an important aspect of our marketing and credit strategy. The Company s national network is designed around specialized origination channels intended to generate a large set of potential lending opportunities. That allows the Company to be highly selective in our credit process and to allocate capital to market segments that we believe represent the most attractive opportunities. Our direct origination network also generates proprietary lending opportunities with yield characteristics that we believe would not otherwise be available through intermediaries. In addition, direct origination provides us with direct access to management teams and enhances our ability to conduct detailed due diligence and credit analysis of prospective borrowers. It also allows us to negotiate transaction terms directly with borrowers and, as a result, advise our customers on financial strategies and capital structures, which we believe benefits our credit performance. 
 We typically provide financing commitments to companies in amounts that range in size from $10 million to $50 million. The size of financing commitments depends on various factors, including the type of loan, the credit characteristics of the borrower, the economic characteristics of the loan, and our role in the transaction. We also selectively arrange larger transactions that we may retain on our balance sheet or syndicate to other lenders, which may include funds that we manage for third party institutional investors. By syndicating loans to other lenders and our managed funds, we are able to provide larger financing commitments to our customers and generate fee income, while limiting our risk exposure to single borrowers. From time to time, however, our balance sheet exposure to a single borrower exceeds $35 million. 
 Beginning in January 2016, the Company s operations were divided into two reportable segments that represent its core businesses, Commercial Lending and Asset Management. 
 The Commercial Lending segment represents our direct lending activities which are focused on providing a range of flexible senior secured debt options to mid-sized companies with annual cash flow (EBITDA) typically between $10 million and $50 million owned by private equity investment funds and managed by established professional alternative asset managers. 
 The Asset Management segment represents our investment advisory activities which are focused on providing opportunities for qualified investors to invest in a range of credit funds managed by the Company that employ credit-oriented strategies focused on middle market loans and liquid, tradeable credit.   
 Market Conditions    
 Market conditions in segments of the loan market we target were mixed in the third quarter as middle market loan volume decreased slightly compared to last quarter while pricing increased. According to Thomson Reuters, overall middle market loan volume in the third quarter was $28 billion versus $33 billion last quarter and versus $32 billion in the same period last year. The volume represented by new middle market transactions, as opposed to refinancing transactions, was flat in the third quarter at $14, relative to both the previous quarter and the same quarter last year. Refinancing volume decreased in the third quarter to $14 billion from $19 billion in the prior quarter and decreased from $18 billion in the same period last year. As a percentage of total middle market volume, new transactions increased to 50% versus 43% last quarter and versus 43% in the same period last year. 
 The pricing environment in our primary target market improved slightly in the third quarter of this year as middle market loan yields were up to 6.7% from 6.3% last quarter and up from 6.2% in the same quarter last year. Middle market loan yields continue to exhibit a premium versus large corporate loans.  Loan yields in the large corporate market were down to 5.2% in the third quarter from 5.5% last quarter but were up from 5.1% in the same quarter last year.   
 Our direct lending platforms provide us with certain flexibility to allocate capital and redirect our origination focus to market segments with the most favorable conditions in terms of demand and relative value.  We believe that the yields on our new loan origination will continue to reflect a combination of these broad market trends and shifts in the mix of loans we originate. 
 47 

Conditions in our core funding markets continued to improve in the third quarter since the beginning of the year when broader market uncertainty, soft CLO equity dema  nd and regulatory constraints weighed on CLO pricing and volume.  Conditions have improved in the third quarter, however, and w  e believe conditions will continue to improve throughout 2016 and into 2017 as industry-specific concerns and regulatory   constraints are addressed and investors continue to favor high-yielding, shorter duration floating rate bank loans and CLO bonds over fixed rate debt.  
 Despite increasing momentum in the second and third quarters of 2016, U.S. CLO year-to-date issuance of $46 billion remains behind last year s $76 billion pace through the same period.  Volume of $20 billion in the third quarter represented a 9% increase versus the same quarter last year, as well as an increase versus the $18 billion issued last quarter. Total U.S. CLO issuance in 2015, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $99 billion, $124 billion and $81 billion, respectively. Due to interest rate uncertainty, remaining industry-specific loan concerns and regulatory constraints, CLO credit spreads widened through the second half of 2015 and beginning of 2016 but have since reversed and continue to improve through the third quarter of 2016 as investors gain comfort with these issues.  We believe marginal funding costs will be somewhat range bound at current levels until investors reset rate/return expectations and resolve regulatory issues. Despite the trend in the pricing environment, we believe that market conditions remain supportive for experienced managers such as NewStar to issue new CLOs. We also believe the availability and cost of warehouse financing among banks remains accommodative as more banks have begun to provide this type of financing and existing providers expand their lending activity. As a result, we believe that the terms and conditions for financings available to established firms like NewStar will continue to be supportive. 
 Loan demand in the middle market is strongly influenced by the level of refinancing, acquisition activity and private investment, which is driven largely by changes in the perceived risk environment, prevailing borrowing rates and private investment activity. Despite these factors being generally less favorable than past quarters, we originated $193 million of new loans and leases at attractive yields and purchased $234 million of loans in the third quarter, slightly down from $476 million last quarter. With attractive pricing, leverage below the broader loan market, and equity contributions increasing, conditions in our primary target markets continued to remain favorable relative to the broader loan market. We anticipate that demand for loans and leases offered by the Company and conditions in our lending markets will remain supportive through 2016 and continue to provide opportunities for us to increase our origination volume. 
 Recent Developments 
 Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale    
 In September 2016, the Company commenced a process to sell the leasing line of business, Equipment Finance. As of that date the assets and liabilities associated with Equipment Finance met the held-for-sale criteria and were transferred to held-for-sale on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Liquidity 
 On October 17, 2016, the remaining 2015-1 ABS Class A and Class B notes (all of which we retained) with an outstanding balance of $9.7 million and $12.8 million, respectively, were repaid in full. The Company accelerated and recognized deferred financing fees of $1.1 million related to the repayment of the 2015-1 ABS.  
 On September 15, 2016, NewStar Capital completed an $409.8 million broadly syndicated loan securitization and issued $370.3 million of notes backed by cash, specific loans and investments. Arch Street CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in October 2020. The Notes are expected to mature in October 2028. 
 On September 15, 2016, we repaid the $350.0 million note purchase agreement with Credit Suisse that provided the financing to fund the purchase of broadly syndicated bank loans during the warehouse phase of the Arch Street CLO. The supplemental junior note commitment by NewStar Capital, was also repaid in full. The notes were repaid from proceeds of the Arch Street CLO bond issuance. 
 On August 29, 2016, we redeemed in full the five-year, $68.0 million financing arrangement with Macquarie Bank Limited with an outstanding balance of $10.7 million. 
 Stock Repurchase 
 On October 21, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of 2.5 million shares of the Company s common stock in privately negotiated transactions outside of the Company s previously announced stock repurchase program. 
   
 48 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND NINE M  ONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  
 NewStar s basic and diluted income per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.19, on net income of $8.6 million. Our basic and diluted income per share was $0.38 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 on net income of $17.9 million. This compares to basic and diluted income per share for the three months ended September 30, 2015 of $0.11, on net income of $5.1 million and basic and diluted income per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $0.27 and $0.26, respectively, on net income of $12.7 million. Our managed portfolio was $6.7 billion at September 30, 2016 compared to $6.9 billion at December 31, 2015.  
 Loan portfolio yield 
 Loan portfolio yield, which is interest income on our loans and leases divided by the average balances outstanding of our loans and leases, was 6.77% and 6.38% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  and  6.32%  and 6.19% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  The increase in loan portfolio yield was primarily driven by an increase in our average yield on interest earning assets from new loan and lease origination and re-pricings subsequent to September 30, 2015. In addition during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 we had a nonperforming loan pay off at par on which we recognized $3.2 million of interest income.  
 Net interest margin 
 Net interest margin, which is net interest income divided by average interest earning assets, was 2.50% and 2.25% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2.57% and 2.35% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The primary factors impacting net interest margin for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were an increase in our average yield on interest earning assets due to the recognition of interest income on a nonperforming loan that was paid off at par, and the acceleration of amortization of deferred fees from loans paid off during the quarter, which were offset by higher interest expense associated with our Subordinated Notes and Senior Notes.  The primary factors impacting net interest margin for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were higher income from debt securities, normalization of interest expense after prior quarter acceleration of deferred financing costs and a mix of CLO liabilities. The primary factors impacting net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were the acceleration of amortization of $3.6 million of deferred financing fees related to the payoff of the corporate credit facility with Fortress Credit Corp. using a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of Senior Notes, the composition of interest earning assets, non-accrual loans, changes in three-month LIBOR, credit spreads and cost of borrowings. Excluding the $3.6 million of accelerated amortization of deferred financing fees, the net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 would have been 2.49%.   
 Operating expenses as a percentage of average total assets 
 Operating expenses as a percentage of average total assets was 1.76% and 1.58% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 1.45% and 1.43% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to an increase in compensation expense of $3.6 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $4.2 million related to severance expense in connection with cost saving initiatives. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to an increase in compensation expense of $8.6 million primarily related to $4.2 million in severance costs, a $2.2 million increase in incentive and equity compensation and an increase in health care costs.  General and administrative expense also increased $4.3 million, primarily associated with strategic initiative costs related to the sale of Business Credit, the potential sale of Equipment Finance and other short term projects.  
 Operating expenses as a percentage of average assets under management 
 Operating expenses as a percentage of average assets under management was 1.09% and 0.95% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 1.21% and 1.19% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to a combination of acquisition activity and organic growth in assets under management.    
 Efficiency ratio 
 Our efficiency ratio, which is total operating expenses divided by net interest income before provision for credit losses plus total non-interest income, was 49.88% and 46.51% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 50.07% and 49.05% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease in our efficiency ratio for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to non-interest income activity. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a positive mark-to-market adjustment on the loans carried at fair  
 49 

value and an increase in asset management fee income. Our efficiency ratio was further impacted by an increase in operatin  g expense of $4.7 million, primarily related to $4.2 million in severance related expenses and an increase in professional services. The decrease in our efficiency ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended Septemb  er 30, 2015 was also primarily related to non-interest income activity. During the first quarter of 2016, we sold Business Credit which resulted in a gain of $22.5 million, and asset management income increased $7.4 million from the same period in the prev  ious year as a result of the acquisition of NewStar Capital.   This was offset by $4.8 million of losses related to fair value adjustments to loans-held-for sale and an additional loss of $8.1 million on the TRS portfolio. Our efficiency ratio was further im  pacted by an increase in operating expenses of $12.9 million, comprised primarily of $4.2 million of severance related costs, a $2.2 million increase in incentive and equity compensation costs and strategic initiative costs of $2.8 million.      
 Allowance for credit losses ratio 
 Allowance for credit losses ratio, which is allowance for credit losses divided by outstanding gross loans and leases excluding loans held-for-sale and fair value portfolios, was 2.29% at September 30, 2016 and 1.81% as of December 31, 2015. The increase in the allowance for credit losses ratio from December 31, 2015 is primarily due to an increase in the specific allowance related to the deterioration of four credits during the first quarter of the year. Each situation reflected a unique set of facts and circumstances that drove the timing and amount of losses recognized in the quarter. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded $3.2 million of specific provision for credit losses bringing the year to date specific provision for credit losses on impaired loans to $22.3 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 we had a small recovery of $0.05 million bringing the year to date charge-offs to $14.2 million. At September 30, 2016, the specific allowance for credit losses was $36.2 million, and the general allowance for credit losses was $30.2 million. At December 31, 2015, the specific allowance for credit losses was $26.8 million, and the general allowance for credit losses was $31.9 million. We continually evaluate our allowance for credit losses methodology. If we determine that a change in our allowance for credit losses methodology is advisable, as a result of the changes in the economic environment or otherwise, the revised allowance methodology may result in higher or lower levels of allowance.  
 Delinquent loan rate 
 Delinquent loan rate, which is total delinquent loans net of charge offs with outstanding cash receivables that are 60 days or more past due, divided by outstanding gross loans and leases, was 0.50% as of September 30, 2016 as compared to 0.84% as of December 31, 2015. We had delinquent loans with an outstanding balance of $16.3 million and $27.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The decrease is the result of the final resolution of a legacy loan. We expect the delinquent loan rate to correlate to current economic conditions. During times of economic expansion we expect the rate to decline, and during times of economic contraction, we expect the rate to increase, although actual results may vary. 
 Delinquent loan rate for accruing loans 60 days or more past due 
 Delinquent loan rate for accruing loans 60 days or more past due is defined as, total delinquent accruing loans net of charge offs with outstanding cash receivables that are 60 days or more past due and less than 90 days past due, divided by outstanding gross loans and leases. At September 30, 2016, we did not have any delinquent accruing loans.   At December 31, 2015, we had one loan in this category past its stated maturity that was in the process of being amended, with a balance of $8.5 million.   
 Non-accrual loan rate 
 Non-accrual loan rate is defined as total balances outstanding of loans on non-accrual status divided by the total outstanding balance of our loans and leases held for investment. Loans are put on non-accrual status if they are 90 days or more past due or if management believes it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect contractual principal and interest in the normal course of business. The non-accrual loan rate was 2.66% as of September 30, 2016 and 3.43% as of December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the aggregate outstanding balance of non-accrual loans was $87.3 million and $111.3 million, respectively and total outstanding loans and leases held for investment was $3.3 billion at September 30, 2016 and $3.2 billion at December 31, 2015.   
 Non-performing asset rate 
 Non-performing asset rate is defined as the sum of total balances outstanding of loans on non-accrual status, other real estate owned ( OREO ) and other repossessed assets, divided by the sum of the total outstanding balance of our loans and leases held for investment and other real estate owned. The non-performing asset rate was 3.12% as of September 30, 2016 and 3.44% as of December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the sum of the aggregate outstanding balance of non-performing assets was $102.9 million and $111.5 million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we transferred $15.8 million of the impaired real estate loan that was previously held-for-sale into OREO.  
 50 

Net charge off rate (end of period loans and leases)  
 Net charge off rate as a percentage of end of period loan and lease portfolio is defined as annualized charge-offs net of recoveries divided by the total outstanding balance of our loans and leases held for investment. A charge-off occurs when management believes that all or part of the principal of a particular loan is no longer recoverable and will not be repaid. Typically a charge-off occurs in a period after a loan has been identified as impaired and a specific allowance has been established. The net charge-off rate was (0.01%) and 0.58% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and  zero and 0.17% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had a small recovery and net charge offs of $14.2 million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we did not record any charge-offs or recoveries, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we recorded net partial charge-offs of $3.9 million. 
 Net charge off rate (average period loans and leases) 
 Net charge off rate as a percentage of average period loan and lease portfolio is defined as annualized charge-offs net of recoveries divided by the average total outstanding balance of our loans and leases held for investment for the period. The net charge-off rate was zero and 0.50% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and zero and 0.18% for the three and nine months ended September 30 2015, respectively.   
 Return on average assets 
 Return on average assets, which is net income divided by average total assets, was 0.84% and 0.59% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 0.56% and 0.52% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  
 Return on average equity 
 Return on average equity, which is net income divided by average equity, was 5.16% and 3.61% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 3.10% and 2.58% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  
 Review of Consolidated Results 
 A summary of our consolidated financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows: 

51 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Interest income.  Interest income increased $10.6 million, to $65.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $54.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of our interest earning assets to $4.0 billion from $3.6 billion primarily due to new loan originations and an increase in the yield on average interest earning assets to 6.45% from 6.05%. In addition, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 we had a nonperforming loan pay off at par on which we recognized $3.2 million of interest income previously not recognized.   
 Interest expense.  Interest expense increased $8.6 million, to $39.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $31.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase in leverage and higher cost of funds.  The average balance of our interest bearing liabilities increased to $3.4 billion from $2.9 billion. The average cost of funds increased to 4.67% from 4.31%.   
 Net interest margin.  Net interest margin decreased to 2.50% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.57% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The primary factors impacting net interest margin was higher interest expense associated with our Subordinated Notes and Senior Notes, the composition of interest earning assets, non-accrual loans and credit spreads.    
 The following table summarizes the yield and cost of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Provision for credit losses.  The provision for credit losses decreased $0.9 million to $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded net specific provisions for impaired loans of $3.2 million compared to $1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a general provision of $336 thousand compared to $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our general allowance for credit losses covers estimated incurred losses in our loan and lease portfolio with respect to loans and leases that are not impaired and for which no specific impairment has been identified. A specific provision for credit losses is recorded with respect to loans for which it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement for which there is impairment recognized. The Company employs a variety of internally developed and third-party modeling and estimation tools for measuring credit risk, which are used in developing an allowance for loan and lease losses on outstanding loans and leases. The Company s allowance framework addresses economic conditions, capital market liquidity and industry circumstances from both a top-down and bottom-up perspective. The Company considers and evaluates a number of factors, including but not limited to, changes in economic conditions, credit availability, industry, loss emergence period, and multiple obligor concentrations in assessing both probabilities of default and loss severities as part of the general component of the allowance for loan and lease losses.  
 On at least a quarterly basis, loans and leases are internally risk-rated based on individual credit criteria, including loan and lease type, loan and lease structures (including balloon and bullet structures common in the Company s Leveraged Finance and Real Estate loans), borrower industry, payment capacity, location and quality of collateral if any (including the Company s Real Estate loans). Borrowers provide the Company with financial information on either a monthly or quarterly basis. Ratings, corresponding assumed default rates and assumed loss severities are dynamically updated to reflect any changes in borrower condition or profile. 
 For Leveraged Finance loans and Equipment Finance products (prior to transfer to held-for-sale), the data set used to construct probabilities of default in the Company s allowance for loan losses model, Moody s CRD Private Firm Database, primarily contains middle market loans that share attributes similar to the Company s loans. The Company also considers the quality of the loan or lease terms and lender protections in determining a loan loss in the event of default. 
 Prior to the sale of Business Credit, the Company utilized a proprietary model to risk rate the asset based loans on a monthly basis. This model captured the impact of changes in industry and economic conditions as well as changes in the quality of the  
 52 

borrower s collateral and financial performance to assign a final risk rating. The Company also evaluated historical loss trends by risk rating from a comprehensive industry database that covered more than twenty-five years of experience of the major  ity of the asset based lenders operating in the United States. Based upon the monthly risk rating from the model, the reserve was adjusted to reflect the historical average for expected loss from the industry database.  
 For Real Estate loans, the Company employs two mechanisms to capture the impact of industry and economic conditions. First, a loan s risk rating, and thereby its assumed default likelihood, can be adjusted to account for overall commercial real estate market conditions. Second, to the extent that economic or industry trends adversely affect a substandard rated borrower s loan-to-value ratio enough to impact its repayment ability, the Company applies a stress multiplier to the loan s probability of default. The multiplier is designed to account for default characteristics that are difficult to quantify when market conditions cause commercial real estate prices to decline. 
 The Company periodically reviews its allowance for credit loss methodology to assess any necessary adjustments based upon changing economic and capital market conditions. If the Company determines that changes in its allowance for credit losses methodology are advisable, as a result of changes in the economic environment or otherwise, the revised allowance methodology may result in higher or lower levels of allowance. At December 31, 2015 the Company enhanced its approach for determining the expected exposure at default to more precisely reflect loan and lease exposures. Actual losses under the Company s current or any revised allowance methodology may differ materially from the Company s estimate. 
 Additionally, when determining the amount of the general allowance, the Company supplements the base amount with an environmental reserve amount which is governed by a score card system comprised of seven risk factors. The risk factors are designed based on those outlined in the Comptrollers of the Currency s Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Handbook. In 2015, the scoring system of the environmental reserve risk factors was recalibrated to align with the enhancement made to the approach for determining the exposure at default. The Company also performs a ratio analysis of comparable money center banks, regional banks and finance companies. While the Company does not rely on this peer group comparison to set the level of allowance for credit losses, use of the peer group does assist management in identifying market trends and serves as an overall reasonableness check on the allowance for credit losses computation. 
 A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that a creditor will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The measurement of impairment of a loan is based upon (i) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, (ii) the loan s observable market price, or (iii) the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent, depending on the circumstances and our collection strategy. Impaired loans are identified based on the loan-by-loan risk rating process described above. Impaired loans include all non-accrual loans, loans with partial charge-offs and loans which are troubled debt restructurings. It is the Company s policy during the reporting period to record a specific provision for credit losses to cover the identified impairment on a loan. 
   
 Impaired loans at September 30, 2016 were in Leveraged Finance and Real Estate over a range of industries impacted by the then current economic environment including the following: Media and Communications, Industrial, Commercial Real Estate, Other Business Services, Consumer/Retail, and Building Materials. For impaired Leveraged Finance loans, the Company measured impairment based on expected cash flows utilizing relevant information provided by the borrower and consideration of other market conditions or specific factors impacting recoverability. Such amounts are discounted based on original loan terms. For impaired Real Estate loans, the Company determined that the loans were collateral dependent and measured impairment based on the fair value of the related collateral utilizing recent appraisals from third-party appraisers, as well as internal estimates of market value. As of September 30, 2016, we had impaired loans and leases with an aggregate outstanding balance of $156.9 million. Impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $137.6 million have been restructured and classified as TDRs. At September 30, 2016, the Company had a $36.2 million specific allowance for impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $105.1 million. As of September 30, 2016, we had one restructured impaired loan which had an outstanding balance greater than $20 million in addition to one restructured impaired loan which had an outstanding balance greater than $30 million. In each of these cases, we added to our position to maximize our potential recovery of the outstanding principal. 
 Non-interest income.  Non-interest income increased $7.5 million, to $11.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in non-interest income was primarily a result of an increase of $2.3 million in asset management fees and a $3.4 million positive mark-to-market adjustment on loans held at fair value, no loss recognized on the total return swap compared to a $3.0 million loss on the total return swap for the three months ended September 30, 2015 offset by a decrease of $1.6 million in fee income.  
 As a result of certain of our troubled debt restructurings, we have received equity interests in several of our impaired borrowers. The equity interests in certain impaired borrowers is initially recorded at fair value when the debt is restructured and is subsequently analyzed at the end of each quarter. In situations where we determine the fair value has declined from the initial fair value recorded, we write-down the value of the equity interest in non-interest income. These equity interests may give rise to potential capital gains or  
 53 

losses, for tax purposes. This could impact future period tax rates depending on our ability to recognize capital losses to the extent of any capital gains.  
 Operating expenses.  Operating expenses increased $4.7 million, to $18.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $13.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Compensation and benefits expense increased $3.6 million primarily due to severance costs associated with a reduction in staffing levels to streamline operations. General and administrative expenses increased $1.1 million primarily related to an increase in professional fees.  
  Income taxes.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we provided for income taxes based on an effective tax rate of 41% in each period.    
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had net deferred tax assets of $29.9 million and $33.1 million, respectively. In assessing if we will be able to realize our deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, in determining the realizability of deferred tax assets at September 30, 2016. We considered carryback availability, the scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income during the reversal periods, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. We also considered our recent history of taxable income, trends in our earnings and tax rate, positive financial ratios, and the current economic environment (including the impact of credit on allowance and provision for loan losses, and the impact on funding levels). Based upon our assessment, we believe that a valuation allowance was not necessary as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, our deferred tax asset was primarily comprised of $31.9 million related to our allowance for credit losses and $11.7 million related to equity compensation, which was partially offset by deferred tax liabilities of $14.1 million related to our Equipment Finance portfolio. 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Interest income.  Interest income increased $45.3 million, to $186.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $141.2 million on a consolidated basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of our interest earning assets to $4.1 billion from $3.2 billion primarily due to new loan originations subsequent to September 30, 2015 and an increase in the yield on average interest earning assets to 6.10% from 5.87%.   In addition, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 we had a nonperforming loan pay off at par on which we recognized $3.2 million of interest income previously not recognized.   
 Interest expense.  Interest expense increased $33.0 million, to $117.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $84.8 million on a consolidated basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase in leverage and higher costs of funds. The average balance of our interest bearing liabilities increased to $3.4 billion from $2.6 billion, and an increase in the average cost of funds to 4.62% from 4.35%, primarily due to increased borrowings under the Subordinated Notes and Senior Notes. This was offset by the acceleration of amortization of $3.6 million of deferred financing fees related to the payoff of the corporate credit facility with Fortress Credit Corp. during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
 Net interest margin.  Net interest margin decreased to 2.25% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.35% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in net interest margin was primarily due to the shift in the mix of debt and the issuance of higher cost long-term debt during the first quarter of 2016.  The net interest spread, the difference between gross yield on our interest earning assets and the total cost of our interest bearing liabilities, decreased to 1.48% from 1.52%.  
 The following table summarizes the yield and cost of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

Provision for credit losses . The provision for credit losses increased $10.2 million to $24.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $14.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the provision was primarily   
 54 

due to an increase in specific provisions recorded during the nine months ended Septemb  er 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by a decrease in general provisions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded net specific provisions for impaired loans of $22.3 million compared to   $7.1 million recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net specific component of the provision for credit losses was primarily   due to the deterioration of four credits during the first quarter of 2016.   
 Non-interest income.  Non-interest income increased $19.5 million, to $34.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $15.0 million on a consolidated basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in non-interest income was primarily due to a   $22.5 million gain on the sale of Business Credit that occurred during the first quarter of 2016, an increase of $7.4 million in asset management fees, a $3.4 million positive mark-to-market adjustment on the loans held at fair value offset by a $5.1 million increase in loss on the TRS portfolio, a $4.8 million increase in loss recognized on loans held-for-sale and a $4.7 million decline in capital market fee income from the same period in the previous year.   
 As a result of certain of our troubled debt restructurings, we have received equity interests in several of our impaired borrowers. The equity interests in certain impaired borrowers is initially recorded at fair value when the debt is restructured and is subsequently analyzed at the end of each quarter.  The equity interests in certain impaired borrowers is initially recorded at fair value when the debt is restructured and is subsequently analyzed at the end of each quarter. In situations where we determine the fair value has declined from the initial fair value recorded, we write-down the value of the equity interest in non-interest income.  These equity interests may give rise to potential capital gains or losses, for tax purposes. This could impact future period tax rates depending on our ability to recognize capital losses to the extent of any capital gains. 
 Operating expenses.  Operating expenses increased $12.9 million, to $48.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $35.1 million on a consolidated basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Compensation and benefits expense increased $8.6 million, primarily the result of the acquisition of NewStar Capital and severance costs associated with a reduction in staffing levels to streamline operations. The remaining increase was the result of an increase in incentive, salaries and equity compensation from the nine months ended September 30, 2015. General and administrative expenses increased $4.3 million, primarily the result of strategic initiative costs associated with the sale of Business Credit, the potential sale of Equipment Finance and other short term projects.    
 Income taxes.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we provided for income taxes based on an effective tax rate of approximately 41% in each period.  
   
 Segment Reporting 
 NewStar manages its operations through two business segments, Commercial Lending and Asset Management.   
   
 Commercial Lending 
 The Commercial Lending segment represents our direct lending activities which are focused on providing a range of flexible senior secured debt options to mid-sized companies with annual cash flow (EBITDA) typically between $10 million and $50 million owned by private equity investment funds and managed by established professional alternative asset managers. 
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to assets within the Commercial Lending segment. 

The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the results of financial operations for the Commercial Lending segment. 

55 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 The Commercial Lending segment reported income before taxes of $9.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $7.8 million for the same period in 2015. Net interest income increased $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in average interest earning assets due to originations subsequent to September 30, 2015. The provision for loan loss amounted to $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Noninterest income derived from the Commercial Lending segment totaled $4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, up from $2.5 million from the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in noninterest income was due to a loss of $3.0 million recognized on the total return swap for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and a decrease in lending fees of $1.7 million from the same period in 2015. Commercial Lending noninterest expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $1.8 million from the same period in 2015.  
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Net interest income for the segment increased $9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in average interest earning assets as of result of loan originations subsequent to September 30, 2015. 
 We had a provision for loan losses of $24.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a provision of $14.7 million for the comparable period in 2015. The increase in the provision for loan losses was primarily driven by specific provisions of $22.3 million recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $7.1 million recorded the nine months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by a decrease of $5.0 million of general provisions.   
 Noninterest income for the segment increased by $8.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as the result of the sale of Business Credit during the first quarter of 2016. The gain on sale was offset by of  a loss of $5.3 million recognized on loans held for sale and a $6.1 million loss on the total return swap.    
 Noninterest expense for the segment increased by $6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in transaction costs related to the sale of Business Credit, the potential sale of Equipment Fiance and an increase in compensation costs due to severance costs associated with a reduction in staffing levels to streamline operations. 
   
 Asset Management 
 The Asset Management segment includes credit funds managed by the Company and NewStar Capital. These credit funds focus on middle market loans, liquid tradeable credit and liquid loan strategies.    
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to assets within the Asset Management segment. 

56 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 The Asset Management segment reported income before taxes of $4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.0 million for the same period in 2015. Noninterest income was primarily the result of asset management and performance fee income of $3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, up by $2.3 million, compared to the same period in 2015. This increase is the result of our continued expansion of our asset management activities through new fund formation and the acquisition of NewStar Capital during the fourth quarter of 2015. Average AUM increased 51% from the same period in 2015.  
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Noninterest income derived from the Asset Management segment was $14.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, up by $11.4 million, compared to the same period in 2015. This increase is the result of our continued expansion of our asset management activities through new fund formation and the acquisition of NewStar Capital during the fourth quarter of 2015.  Noninterest expense increased by $6.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as the result of the acquisition of NewStar Capital.  
   
 FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our primary sources of liquidity consist of cash flow from operations, credit facilities, term debt securitizations and proceeds from equity and debt offerings. We believe that these sources will be sufficient to fund our current operations, lending activities and other short-term liquidity needs. In addition, we had $429.7 million in net loans held-for-sale on our balance sheet at September 30, 2016, which we have the ability to sell to generate additional liquidity. Subject to market conditions, we continue to explore opportunities for the Company to increase its leverage, including through the issuance of high yield debt securities, convertible debt securities, share repurchases, secured or unsecured senior debt or revolving credit facilities, to support loan portfolio growth and/or strategic acquisitions, which may be material to us. In addition to opportunistic funding related to potential growth initiatives, our future liquidity needs will be determined primarily based on prevailing market and economic conditions, the credit performance of our  
 57 

loan portfolio and loan origination volume. We may need to raise additional capital in the future based on various factors including, but not limited to: faster than expecte  d increases in the level of non-accrual loans; lower than anticipated recoveries or cash flow from operations; and unexpected limitations on our ability to fund certain loans with credit facilities. We may not be able to raise debt or equity capital on acc  eptable terms or at all. The incurrence of additional debt will increase our leverage and interest expense, and the issuance of any equity or securities exercisable, convertible or exchangeable into Company common stock may be dilutive for existing shareho  lders.  
 During the third quarter, the U.S. economy continued to exhibit slow-to-moderate growth, and with uncertainty surrounding a number of economic issues, the third quarter saw varied results from leading economic indicators.  Weak signals were seen in business equipment investment, housing and manufacturing, stable signals in labor and consumer spending, and positive signals in consumer confidence, exports, inflation and equities. We expect stable trends and slow-to-moderate growth in the U.S. to continue and monetary policy to remain conducive to gradual growth in the near term. We expect Treasury and investment grade bond rates to remain relatively low and investors to continue to focus on allocating capital to riskier, higher yielding, fixed and floating rate asset classes in order to generate additional yield from their investments. While the securitization market for loans (the CLO market) faces some lingering regulatory uncertainty, the market is improving and remains supportive for experienced CLO issuers such as NewStar. We believe that the CLO market, which the Company partially relies upon for funding, will stabilize in 2016 and improve into 2017. In addition, we believe the Company has substantially greater financial flexibility and increased financing options due to our market experience and improvement in our financial performance. 
 We believe that our ability to access the capital markets, secure new credit facilities, and renew and/or amend our existing credit facilities continues to demonstrate an overall improvement in the market conditions for funding and indicates progress in our ability to obtain financings on improved terms in the future. Despite these signs of improving market conditions and relative stability in recent years, we cannot assure these conditions will continue, and it is possible that the financial markets could experience stress, volatility, and/or illiquidity. If they do, we could face materially higher financing costs and reductions in leverage, which would affect our operating strategy and could materially and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $36.3 million and $35.9 million, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents. We may invest a portion of cash on hand in short-term liquid investments. From time to time, we may use a portion of our unrestricted cash to pay down our credit facilities creating undrawn capacity which may be redrawn to meet liquidity needs in the future. 
 Restricted Cash 
 Separately, we had $370.5 million and $154.0 million of restricted cash as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The restricted cash represents the balance of the principal and interest collections accounts and pre-funding amounts in our credit facilities, our term debt securitizations and customer holdbacks and escrows. The use of the principal collection accounts  cash is limited to funding the growth of our loan portfolio within the facilities or paying down related credit facilities or term debt securitizations. As of September 30, 2016, we could use $232.1 million of restricted cash to fund new or existing loans. The interest collection account cash is limited to the payment of interest, servicing fees and other expenses of our credit facilities and term debt securitizations and, if either a ratings downgrade or failure to receive ratings confirmation occurs on the rated notes in a term debt securitization at the end of the funding period or if coverage ratios are not met, paying down principal with respect thereto. Cash to fund the growth of our loan portfolio and to pay interest on our term debt securitizations represented a large portion of our restricted cash balance at September 30, 2016. The increase in the restricted cash balance is primarily related to the new Arch Street CLO.  
 Cash Collateral on Deposit with Custodians  
 We had $7.6 million and $61.1 million of cash collateral posted with custodians at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. These amounts represent cash posted as collateral to enhance the credit quality of the underlying referenced portfolio of loans in our total return swap (prior to the March 31, 2016 maturity) and repurchase agreements. At September 30, 2016, we had $7.1 million posted against our JP Morgan Chase Bank repurchase agreement, $0.3 million posted against our Citibank Global Markets repurchase agreement and $0.2 million posted against our Natixis repurchase agreement. At December 31, 2015, $56.5 million cash collateral was posted against our TRS with Citibank and $4.6 million was posted against our JP Morgan Chase Bank repurchase agreement. The amount of cash posted as collateral under these credit agreements will vary from time to time as the market value of the underlying assets fluctuates with the changes in the market.   
 58 

Investment in Debt Securities, Available- for- Sale  
 The fair value of investment in debt securities, available for sale is based on prices received from third parties and reviewed by our pricing and valuation committee. Our investment in debt securities, available for sale is considered Level 3. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not purchase or sell any investment in debt securities available-for-sale. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, a $6.0 million investment in debt securities was redeemed at par.  
  At September 30, 2016, the fair value of investment in debt securities, available for sale was $90.8 million with a net unrealized loss of $8.1 million, compared to a fair value of $94.2 million and an unrealized loss of $10.1 million at December 31, 2015. 
  As a result of our evaluation of the securities, we concluded that the unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were caused by changes in market prices driven by interest rates and credit spreads. Our evaluation of impairment include quotes from third parties, adjustments to prepayment speeds, delinquency, an analysis of expected cash flows, interest rates, market discount rates, other contract terms, and the timing and level of losses on the loans and leases within the underlying trusts. At September 30, 2016, we determined that it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities before we recover the amortized cost basis in the security. We have also determined that there has not been an adverse change in the cash flows expected to be collected. Based upon our impairment review process, and our ability and intent to hold these securities until maturity or a recovery of fair value, the decline in the value of these investments is not considered to be  Other Than Temporary.  
 Loans-Held-for-Sale 
 Loans classified as held-for-sale consist of loans originated by us and intended to be sold to third parties (including credit funds managed by the Company).  
 These loans are carried at the lower of aggregate cost, net of any deferred origination costs or fees, or market value. 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, loans held-for-sale consisted of the following: 

At September 30, 2016, loans held-for-sale include loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $433.3 million that were intended to be sold to credit funds managed by the Company.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company foreclosed on the previously held-for-sale impaired real estate loan, simultaneous with the foreclosure, the Company sold a portion of the property for $ 8.5  million and applied the proceeds to the principal loan balance.  The remaining $ 15.8  million was transferred to Other Real Estate Owned ( OREO ).  
 Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 If a loan is 90 days or more past due, or if management believes it is probable we will be unable to collect contractual principal and interest in the normal course of business, it is our policy to place the loan on non-accrual status. If a loan financed by a term debt securitization is placed on non-accrual status, the loan may remain in the term debt securitization and excess interest spread cash distributions to us will cease until cash accumulated in the term debt securitization equals the outstanding balance of the non-accrual loan, or if an overcollateralization test is present and the overcollateralization ratio is (or was previously) out of compliance with the target, excess interest spread cash is diverted, and used to de-lever the securitization to bring the ratio back into compliance. When a loan is on non-accrual status, accrued interest previously recognized as interest income subsequent to the last cash receipt in the current year will be reversed, and the recognition of interest income on that loan will stop until factors indicating doubtful collection no longer exist and the loan has been brought current. We may make exceptions to this policy if the loan is well secured and is in the process of collection. As of September 30, 2016, we had impaired loans with a balance of $156.8 million. Impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $137.6 million have been restructured and classified as troubled debt restructurings. Impaired loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $87.3 million were on non-accrual status. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had net charge-offs totaling $14.2 million of impaired loans. Impaired loans of $16.3 million were greater than 60 days past due and classified as delinquent. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded $22.3 million of net specific provisions for impaired loans. Included in our specific allowance for impaired loans was $4.4 million related to delinquent loans. 
 59 

We closely monitor the credit quality of our loans   and leases which are partly reflected in our credit metrics such as loan delinquencies, non-accruals, and charge-offs. Changes to these credit metrics are largely due to changes in economic conditions and seasoning of the loan and lease portfolio.  
 We have provided an allowance for loan and lease losses to provide for probable losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio. Our allowance for loan and lease losses as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $65.9 million and $58.3 million, respectively, or 2.28% and 1.80% of loans and leases, gross, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we also had a $0.5 million allowance for unfunded commitments, resulting in an allowance for credit losses of 2.29% of loans and leases, gross compared to 1.81% at December 31, 2015. 
 The allowance for credit losses is based on a review of the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses and its two components on a quarterly basis. The estimate of each component is based on observable information and on market and third-party data believed to be reflective of the underlying credit losses being estimated. 
 It is the Company s policy to record a specific provision for credit losses for all loans for which we have identified impairments during the reporting period. We may charge-off the portion of the loan for which a specific provision was recorded. All of these loans are classified as impaired (if they have not been so classified already as a result of a troubled debt restructuring) and are disclosed in the Allowance for Credit Losses footnote to the financial statements. 
 Activity in the allowance for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

Borrowings and Liquidity  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had net outstanding borrowings totaling $3.5 billion. Borrowings under our various credit facilities and term debt securitizations are used to partially fund our positions in our loan portfolio. 
 As of September 30, 2016 our funding sources, maximum debt amounts, amounts outstanding and unused debt capacity, subject to certain covenants and conditions, are summarized below: 

(1)   
 
 Maturities for term debt are based on contractual maturity dates. Actual maturities may occur earlier.    

 We must comply with various covenants in our debt facilities. The breach of certain of these covenants could result in a termination event and the exercise of remedies if not cured. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all such covenants. These covenants are customary and include, but are not limited to, failure to service debt obligations, failure to meet liquidity  
 60 

covenants and tangible net worth covenants, and failure to remain within prescribed facility portfolio delinquency, charge-off levels, and overcollateralization tests.  
 Credit Facilities 
 As of September 30, 2016 we had two credit facilities through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries: (i) a $615.0 million credit facility with syndicated lenders agented by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells Fargo ) to fund leveraged finance loans, and (ii) a $250.0 million credit facility with Citibank, N.A. ( Citibank ) to fund leveraged finance loans.  
 We have a $615.0 million credit facility with syndicated lenders agented by Wells Fargo to fund leveraged finance loans. The credit facility had an outstanding balance of $293.9 million and unamortized deferred financing fees of $6.8 million as of September 30, 2016. In February 2016 and June 2016, we upsized this facility, which increased the commitment amount from $475.0 million to $615.0 million. Interest on this facility accrues at a variable rate per annum. This facility matures on August 10, 2020. The facility provides for a revolving reinvestment period which ends on August 10, 2018, with a two-year amortization period. 
 We have a $250.0 million credit facility with Citibank to fund leveraged finance loans. The credit facility had an outstanding balance of $208.3 million and unamortized deferred financing fees of $2.6 million as of September 30, 2016. On August 5, 2015, we entered into an amendment to this facility which, among other things, increased the commitment amount to $250.0 million. Interest on this facility accrues at a variable rate per annum. The facility matures on May 5, 2020. It provides for a revolving reinvestment period which ends on May 5, 2018, with a two-year amortization period. 
 As a result of the ongoing process to sell its leasing business, NewStar Equipment Finance, the note purchase agreement with Wells Fargo under the terms of which Wells Fargo agreed to provide a $75.0 million credit facility to fund equipment leases and loans was reclassified to Liabilities held-for-sale. The credit facility had an outstanding balance of $16.9 million and unamortized deferred financing fees of $0.2 million as of September 30, 2016.  
 On September 15, 2016, we repaid the $350.0 million note purchase agreement with Credit Suisse that provided financing to fund the purchase of broadly syndicated bank loans during the warehouse phase of the Arch Street CLO. The supplemental junior note commitment by NewStar Capital was also repaid in full. The notes were repaid from proceeds of the Arch Street CLO bond issuance.  
 On March 31, 2016, the Company sold its membership interest in NewStar Business Credit LLC ( Business Credit ).  In connection with the sale, all outstanding indebtedness of Business Credit was repaid, including amounts outstanding under a $175 million credit facility with a syndicate of lenders agented by DZ Bank AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftbank Frankfurt ( DZ Bank ) with an outstanding balance of $102.0 million, and the $165.0 million credit facility with a syndicate of lenders agented by Wells Fargo with an outstanding balance of $135.4 million, each of which was terminated.  The Company accelerated and recognized deferred financing fees of $1.1 million and $0.7 million, respectively, related to the warehouse facilities during the first quarter of 2016.  
 Senior notes 
 On April 22, 2015, we issued $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.25% Senior Notes due 2020 (the  2020 Notes ). On November 9, 2015, we issued an additional $80.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes issued on November 9, 2015 were issued at a debt discount of $0.8 million which will amortize over the life of the 2020 Notes. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the April 2015 notes offering to repay in full our corporate credit facility with Fortress Credit Corp. The 2020 Notes mature on May 1, 2020, and bear interest at a rate of 7.25% per annum, which is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. At any time prior to May 1, 2017, we may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain public equity offerings at a price equal to 107.25% of the aggregate principal amount so redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that immediately following the redemption, at least 65% of the 2020 Notes that were originally issued remain outstanding. Additionally, at any time prior to May 1, 2017, we may redeem some or all of the 2020 Notes at a price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon and a make-whole premium. On or after May 1, 2017, we may redeem the 2020 Notes, in whole or in part, at redemption prices specified in the 2020 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. In addition, if we undergo a change of control, we will be required to make an offer to purchase each holder s 2020 Notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2020 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. As of September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $5.9 million. 
 We must comply with certain covenants and restrictions related to the 2020 Notes.  Subject to certain exceptions, the indenture relating to the 2020 Notes restricts our ability to incur additional Non-Funding Indebtedness (as defined in the indenture) but permits the incurrence of indebtedness if on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto, our Consolidated Non-Funding Debt to Equity Ratio (together with our Restricted Subsidiaries) is not greater than 1.75 to 1.00.  Our Consolidated Non-Funding Debt to Equity Ratio is defined as the ratio of our Consolidated Non-Funding Debt (as defined in the indenture) of such person as of such determination date to our Consolidated Stockholders Equity (as defined in the indenture). If we fail to comply with  
 61 

this and certain other covenants included in the senior notes indenture, it could constitute an event of de  fault that could result in the acceleration of the payment of the aggregate principal amount of 2020 Notes then outstanding and accrued interest. At September 30, 2016 and currently, we were in compliance with all such covenants under the 2020 Notes indent  ure.  
 Subordinated notes 
 On December 4, 2014, we completed the initial closing of an investment of long-term capital from funds sponsored by Franklin Square Capital Partners ("Franklin Square") and sub-advised by GSO Capital Partners at which the Franklin Square funds purchased $200.0 million of 10-year subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes"), which rank junior to our existing and future senior debt. During 2015, we drew an additional $75 million of Subordinated Notes. We drew the remaining $25 million in January 2016. The Subordinated Notes were recorded at par less the initial relative fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the investment in December 2014 and January 2015, which was $55.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and $60.0 million as of December 31, 2015. The debt discount will amortize over the life of the notes and will be recorded as non-cash interest expense as the Subordinated Notes accrete to par value. As of September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $5.1 million. The Subordinated Notes bear interest at 8.25% and include a Payment-in-Kind ("PIK Toggle") feature that allows us, at our option, to elect to have interest accrued at a rate of 8.75% added to the principal of the Subordinated Notes instead of paying it in cash. The Subordinated Notes have a ten year term and mature on December 4, 2024. They are callable during the first three years with payment of a make-whole premium. The prepayment premium decreases to 103% and 101% after the third and fourth anniversaries of the closing, respectively. They are callable at par after December 4, 2019. Beginning on December 5, 2019, we are required to make a cash payment of principal plus accrued interest in an amount required to prevent the Subordinated Notes from being treated as an "Applicable High Yield Discount Obligation" within the meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Events of default under the Subordinated Notes include failure to pay interest or principal when due subject to applicable grace periods, material uncured breaches of the terms of the Subordinated Notes, and bankruptcy/insolvency events. 
 We are subject to certain covenants for so long as Franklin Square holds at least $50 million aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes.  During this period, (i) the percentage of our gross revenue derived from investment and asset management fees in any fiscal year may not exceed 15% of our gross revenues for such fiscal year and (ii) we may not incur or permit any subsidiary of ours to incur any Indebtedness (as defined in the Investment Agreement related to the Subordinated Notes), if on the date of such incurrence and after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, our Total Leverage Ratio would be greater than 5.50 to 1.00.  Total Leverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) all of our Indebtedness and the Indebtedness of our consolidated subsidiaries, except for Indebtedness of non-majority owned finance subsidiaries and the Subordinated Notes and other pari passu subordinated debt to (ii) our shareholders  equity plus the Subordinated Notes and such other pari passu subordinated debt. 
 Term Debt Securitizations 
 2007-1 CLO Trust.   In June 2007, we completed a term debt securitization transaction. In conjunction with this transaction we established a separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Trust 2007-1 (the  2007-1 CLO Trust ) and sold and contributed $600.0 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2007-1 CLO Trust. We remain the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2007-1 CLO Trust issued $546.0 million of notes to institutional investors. We retained $54.0 million, comprising 100% of the 2007-1 CLO Trust s trust certificates. At September 30, 2016, the $97.4 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $151.6 million. At September 30, 2016, deferred financing fees were expensed in full. The 2007-1 CLO Trust permitted reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a six-year period which ended in May 2013. During 2012, we purchased $0.2 million of the 2007-1 CLO Trust s Class C notes. During 2010, we purchased $5.0 million of the 2007-1 CLO Trust s Class D notes. During 2009, we purchased $1.0 million of the 2007-1 CLO Trust s Class D notes.  
 During 2009, Moody s downgraded all of the notes of the 2007-1 CLO Trust. As a result of the downgrade, amortization of the 2007-1 CLO Trust changed from pro rata to sequential, resulting in scheduled principal payments thereafter made in order of the notes  seniority until all available funds are exhausted for each payment. 
 We receive a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. We also receive payments with respect to the classes of notes we own in accordance with the transaction documents. We expect to receive a principal distribution as owner of the trust certificates when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2007-1 CLO Trust is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2007-1 CLO Trust would not be distributed until the undistributed cash plus recoveries equals the outstanding balance of the defaulted loan or if we elected to remove the defaulted collateral. 
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2007-1 CLO Trust: 

62 

2012-2 CLO.   On December 18, 2012, we completed a term debt securitization transaction. In conjunction with this transaction we established a separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2012-2 LLC (the  2012-2 CLO ) and sold and contributed $325.9 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2012-2 CLO. We remain the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2012-2 CLO issued $263.3 million of notes to institutional investors. We retained $62.6 million, comprising 100% of the 2012-2 CLO s membership interests, Class E notes, Class F notes, and subordinated notes. On June 12, 2015, we sold 100% of the 2012-2 CLO s Class E Notes totaling $16.3 million to institutional investors. At September 30, 2016, the $260.2 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $306.5 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $0.9 million. The 2012-2 CLO permitted reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a three-year period which ended in January 2016.   
 We receive a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. We also receive payments with respect to the classes of notes we own in accordance with the transaction documents. We expect to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2012-2 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2012-2 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, is not satisfied. 
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2012-2 CLO: 

2013-1 CLO.   On September 11, 2013, we completed a term debt securitization transaction through our separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2013-1 LLC (the  2013-1 CLO ) and sold and contributed $247.6 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2013-1 CLO. We remain the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2013-1 CLO issued $338.6 million of notes to institutional investors. We retained $61.4 million, comprising 100% of the 2013-1 CLO s membership interests, Class F notes, Class G notes, and subordinated notes. At September 30, 2016, the $338.6 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $400.0 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $2.8 million. The 2013-1 CLO permitted reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a three-year period which ended in September 2016.   
 63 

We receive a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. We also receive payments with respect to the classes of notes we own in accordance with the transaction do  cuments. We expect to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2013-1 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2013-1 CLO m  ay not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, is not satisfied.  
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2013-1 CLO: 

(1)   
 
 Class A-R Notes accrue interest at the Class A-R CP Rate so long as they are held by a CP Conduit, and otherwise will accrue interest at the Class A-R LIBOR Rate or, in certain circumstances, the Class A-R Base Rate, but in no event shall interest rate payable pari passu with the Class A-T Notes exceed the Class A-R Waterfall Rate Cap.    

 2014-1 CLO.   On April 17, 2014, we completed a term debt securitization transaction through our separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2014-1 LLC (the  2014-1 CLO ) and sold and contributed $249.6 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2014-1 CLO. We remain the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2014-1 CLO issued $289.5 million of notes to institutional investors. We retained $58.9 million, comprising 100% of the 2014-1 CLO s membership interests, Class E notes, Class F notes, and subordinated notes. At September 30, 2016, the $289.5 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $348.4 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $2.1 million. The 2014-1 CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in April 2018. Should we determine that reinvestment of collateral principal repayments are impractical in light of market conditions or if collateral principal repayments are not reinvested within a prescribed timeframe, such funds may be used to repay the outstanding notes.  
 We receive a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. We also receive payments with respect to the classes of notes we own in accordance with the transaction documents. We expect to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2014-1 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2014-1 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, is not satisfied. 
 64 

The following table sets forth selected information with respect to t  he 2014-1 CLO:  

2015-1 CLO.   On March 20, 2015, we completed a term debt securitization transaction through our separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2015-1 LLC (the  2015-1 CLO ) and sold and contributed $336.3 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2015-1 CLO. We remain the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2015-1 CLO issued $410.3 million of notes to institutional investors. We retained $85.8 million, comprising 100% of the 2015-1 CLO s membership interests and subordinated notes. At September 30, 2016, the $410.3 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $496.1 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $3.4 million. The 2015-1 CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in April 2019. Should we determine that reinvestment of collateral principal repayments are impractical in light of market conditions or if collateral principal repayments are not reinvested within a prescribed timeframe, such funds may be used to repay the outstanding notes.  
 We receive a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. We also receive payments with respect to the classes of notes it owns in accordance with the transaction documents. We expect to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2015-1 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2015-1 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or if other collateral quality tests, are not satisfied. 
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2015-1 CLO: 

2015-2 CLO.   On September 15, 2015, we completed a term debt securitization transaction through our separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Loan Funding 2015-2 LLC (the  2015-2 CLO ) and sold and contributed $298.4 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2015-2 CLO. We remain the servicer   
 65 

of the loans. Simultaneously with the initial sale and contribution, the 2015-2 CLO issued $327.8 million of notes to institutional investors. We retained $70.1 million, comprising 100% of the 2015-2 CLO s membership interests a  nd a portion of the Class E notes. At September 30, 2016, the $327.8 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $397.8 million.   At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees were $3.1 million. The 2015-2 CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in August 2019. Should we determine that reinvestment of collateral principal   repayments are impractical in light of market conditions or if collateral principal repayments are not reinvested within a prescribed timeframe, such funds may be used to repay the outstanding notes.  
  We receive a loan collateral management fee and excess interest spread. We also receive payments with respect to the classes of notes we own in accordance with the transaction documents. We expect to receive a principal distribution as owner of the membership interests when the term debt is retired. If loan collateral in the 2015-2 CLO is in default under the terms of the indenture, the excess interest spread from the 2015-2 CLO may not be distributed if the overcollateralization ratio, or other collateral quality tests, are not satisfied. 
  The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2015-2 CLO:  

66 

2016-1 CLO.    On March 2, 2016, the Company completed a term debt securitization transaction through its separate single-purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, NewStar Commercial Lo  an Funding 2016-1 LLC (the  2016-1 CLO ) and sold and contributed $247.3 million in loans and investments (including unfunded commitments), or portions thereof, to the 2016-1 CLO. The Company remains the servicer of the loans. Simultaneously with the initi  al sale and contribution, the 2016-1 CLO issued $255.8 million of notes to institutional investors. The Company retained $92.2 million, comprising 100% of the 2016-1 CLO s membership interests and, the Class D and Class E notes. At September 30, 2016, the   $255.8 million of outstanding drawn notes were collateralized by the specific loans and investments, principal collection account cash and principal payment receivables totaling $348.0 million. At September 30, 2016, unamortized deferred financing fees wer  e $2.6 million. The 2016-1 CLO permits reinvestment of collateral principal repayments for a four-year period ending in February 2020. Should the Company determine that reinvestment of collateral principal repayments are impractical in light of market cond  itions or if collateral principal repayments are not reinvested within a prescribed timeframe, such funds may be used to repay the outstanding notes.  
 The following table sets forth selected information with respect to the 2016-1 CLO: 

Arch Street CLO.   On September 15, 2016, NewStar Capital LLC completed a $409.8 million broadly syndicated loan securitization. The notes offered in the collateralized loan obligation ( Arch Street CLO ) were issued by Arch Street CLO, Ltd., an exempted company incorporated under   the   laws of the Cayman Islands, and (with the exception of the Class E and F notes) by Arch Street CLO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (each a subsidiary of NewStar Capital and collectively,  Arch Street ). The Arch Street CLO notes are backed by a diversified portfolio of broadly syndicated loans purchased and serviced by the Company. Investors purchased approximately $370.3 million of the Arch Street CLO notes, representing approximately 90.4% of the total capitalization of Arch Street. The Company retained all of the Class F notes and subordinated notes which together totaled approximately $39.5 million, representing approximately 9.6% of the total capitalization of Arch Street. At September 30, 2016, the outstanding note balance was $370.3 million and unamortized deferred financing fees were $4.3 million. The reinvestment period is expected to end in October 2020 and scheduled to mature in October 2028.  

2015-1 ABS .  As a result of the ongoing process to sell its leasing business, NewStar Equipment Finance, the static asset-backed securitization NewStar Commercial Lease Funding 2015-1 LLC (the  2015-1 ABS ) that was completed on September 1, 2015 was   
 67 

reclassified to liabilities held-for-sale. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance of the 2015-1 ABS Class A notes was $9.7 million and the outstanding balance of the Class B notes, (all of which we retained) was $12.8 million. Unamortiz  ed deferred financing fees were $1.1 million.  
 Repurchase Agreements 
 We entered into a repurchase transaction with Deutsche Bank AG, pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 version), dated as of February 13, 2015 between Deutsche Bank AG and NS Bond Funding I LLC (the  Deutsche Bank Repurchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Deutsche Bank Repurchase Agreement, Deutsche Bank AG will purchase securities and simultaneously agree to sell the securities back to us at a specified date. Under the terms of the Deutsche Bank Repurchase Agreement, we are required at all times to maintain a level of overcollateralization for the obligations, which is maintained through daily margining. As of September 30, 2016, there was no balance under the Deutsche Bank Repurchase Agreement. We have made certain representations and warranties and are required to comply with various covenants and requirements customary for financing arrangements of this nature. 
 We entered into a repurchase transaction with Citigroup Global Markets, pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 version), dated as of March 16, 2015 between Citigroup Global Markets and NS Loan Originator LLC (the  Citigroup Repurchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Citigroup Repurchase Agreement, Citigroup Global Markets will purchase securities and simultaneously agree to sell the securities back to us at a specified date. Under the terms of the Citigroup Repurchase Agreement, we are required at all times to maintain a level of overcollateralization for the obligations, which is maintained through daily margining. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance was $14.8 million. We have made certain representations and warranties and are required to comply with various covenants and requirements customary for financing arrangements of this nature. 
 We entered into a repurchase transaction with JP Morgan Chase Bank pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 version), dated as of April 2, 2015 between JP Morgan Chase Bank and NS Bond Funding II LLC (the  JP Morgan Repurchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the JP Morgan Repurchase Agreement, JP Morgan Chase Bank will purchase securities and simultaneously agree to sell the securities back to us at a specified date. Under the terms of the JP Morgan Repurchase Agreement, we are required at all times to maintain a level of overcollateralization for the obligations, which is maintained through daily margining. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance was $36.0 million. We have made certain representations and warranties and are required to comply with various covenants and requirements customary for financing arrangements of this nature. 
 The Company has entered into a repurchase transaction with Natixis Securities Americas LLC pursuant to the terms of a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 version), dated as of October 14, 2015 between Natixis Securities Americas LLC and NS Bond Funding III LLC (the  Natixis Repurchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Natixis Repurchase Agreement, Natixis Securities Americas LLC will purchase securities and simultaneously agree to sell the securities back to the Company at a specified date. Under the terms of the Natixis Repurchase Agreement, the Company is required at all times to maintain a level of overcollateralization for the obligations, which is maintained through daily margining. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance was $1.7 million. The Company has made certain representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants and requirements customary for financing arrangements of this nature. 
 On August 29, 2016, we redeemed in full our five-year, $68.0 million financing arrangement with Macquarie Bank Limited with a balance of $10.7 million. The financing was structured as a master repurchase agreement under which we sold a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans to Macquarie for an aggregate purchase price of $68.0 million and agreed to buy them back over a specified period. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we  accelerated and recognized deferred financing fees of $0.3 million related to the redemption.  
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On October 7, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5.0 million of the Company s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.  On February 10, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an increase to this stock repurchase program to authorize the repurchase of up to an aggregate of $30.0 million of the Company s common stock (inclusive of approximately $4.9 million remaining under the existing program). The timing and amount of any shares purchased under the repurchase program will be determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The repurchase program, as amended, will expire on December 31, 2016 unless extended by the Board and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased 1,241,999 shares of common stock at a weighted average price per share of $7.18, of which 1,000,000 shares were repurchased in a privately negotiated transaction with an unaffiliated third party for an aggregate purchase price of $7.0 million.   
 68 

On March 24, 2015, the Company repurchased 1,000,000 shares of its common stock in a privately negotiated transaction with an unaffiliated third party for an aggrega  te purchase price of $10.3 million.  
 In October 2016, subsequent to the end of the third quarter, we repurchased 2,000,000 shares of our common stock from Capital Z Financial Services Fund II, L.P. and a related fund in a privately negotiated transaction for an aggregate purchase price of $17,860,000. We also repurchased 500,00 shares of our common stock in a privately negotiated transaction from a former executive officer at an aggregate purchase price of $4,465,000. The transactions were executive outside of the Company s previously announced stock repurchase program.  
   
 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
 We maintain an overall risk management strategy that may incorporate the use of derivative instruments to minimize significant unplanned fluctuations in earnings caused by interest rate volatility. Our operations are subject to risks resulting from interest rate fluctuations on our interest-earning assets and our interest-bearing liabilities. We seek to provide maximum levels of net interest income, while maintaining acceptable levels of interest rate and liquidity risk. As such, we may enter into interest rate swap and interest rate cap agreements to hedge interest rate exposure to interest rate fluctuations on floating rate funding agreement liabilities that are matched with fixed rate securities. Under the interest rate swap contracts, we agree to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated on an agreed-upon notional principal amount. We record the exchanged amount in net interest income in our statements of operations. Under the interest rate cap contracts, we agree to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between a specified fixed interest (the cap) and floating interest amounts calculated on an agreed-upon notional principal amount, but only if the floating interest rate exceeds the cap rate. The interest rate caps may not be matched to specific assets or liabilities and would not qualify for hedge accounting. 
 Gains and losses on derivatives not designated as hedges, including any cash payments made or received, are reported as gain or (loss) on derivatives in our consolidated statements of operations.    
   
 OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 We are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our borrowers. These financial instruments include unfunded commitments and standby letters of credit. The instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in particular classes of financial instruments. 
 Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. We use the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 Unused lines of credit are commitments to lend to a borrower if certain conditions have been met. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Because certain commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each borrower s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral required is based on factors that include management s credit evaluation of the borrower and the borrower s compliance with financial covenants. Due to their nature, we cannot know with certainty the aggregate amounts that will be required to fund our unfunded commitments. The aggregate amount of these unfunded commitments currently exceeds our available funds and will likely continue to exceed our available funds in the future. At September 30, 2016, we had $287.2 million of unused lines of credit.  
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by us to guarantee the performance by a borrower to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending credit to our borrowers. At September 30, 2016, we had $8.8 million of standby letters of credit. 
 On December 4, 2014, we entered into a total return swap ("TRS") for senior floating rate loans with Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank"). The TRS with Citibank enabled us, through a wholly owned financing subsidiary, to obtain the economic benefits of the loans subject to the TRS, despite the fact that such loans would not be directly owned by us, in return for an interest payment to Citibank.  The underlying loan portfolio of the TRS was typically large, liquid broadly syndicated loans. We acted as the manager of the TRS and selected the specific loans to be subject to the TRS. The TRS did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment as it did not offset the risks of another investment position. The initial maximum market value (determined at the time such loans became subject to the TRS) of the portfolio of loans subject to the TRS was $75.0 million. On December 15, 2014, we entered into an amendment to the TRS that increased the maximum value to $125.0 million.  On March 2, 2015, we entered into an amendment that increased the maximum value to $150.0 million, and on July 14, 2015, we entered into an additional amendment that increased the maximum value to $175.0 million. Interest accrued at one-month LIBOR+1.60% per annum. We were required to cash collateralize a specified percentage of each loan included under the TRS in accordance with margin requirements.  On March 31, 2016, the TRS matured.  At  
 69 

maturity we purchased approximately $138.9 million of the loans that   were referenced by the TRS. The majority of these loans were purchased to fund future CLOs.    
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared based on the application of accounting policies, the most significant of which are described in the section titled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as updated in Note 2 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report. These policies require numerous estimates and assumptions, which may prove inaccurate or subject to variations. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions or estimates could have a material impact on the Company s future financial condition and results of operations. The most critical of these significant accounting policies are the policies for revenue recognition, allowance for credit losses, income taxes, stock compensation, valuation of investments, fair value measurements used to record fair value adjustment to certain financial instruments, determination of other than temporary impairments and temporary impairments, and impairment of goodwill and identified intangible assets. As of the date of this report, the Company does not believe that there has been a material change in the nature or categories of its critical accounting policies or its estimates and assumptions from those discussed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to changes in market values of our portfolio of loans for which the fair value option was elected, loans held-for-sale, which are carried at lower of cost or fair value, and our investment in debt securities, available-for-sale and derivatives, which are carried at fair value. Fair value is defined as the market price for those securities for which a market quotation is readily available and for all other investments and derivatives, fair value is determined pursuant to a valuation policy and a consistent valuation process. Where a market quotation is not readily available, we estimate fair value using various valuation methodologies, including cash flow analysis, as well as qualitative factors. 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, investments in debt securities available-for-sale totaled $90.8 million and $94.2 million, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our net unrealized loss on those debt securities totaled $8.1 million and $10.1 million, respectively. Any unrealized gain or loss on these investments is included in Other Comprehensive Income in the equity section of the balance sheet, until realized. 
 Interest rate risk represents a market risk exposure to us. Interest rate risk is measured as the potential volatility to our net interest income caused by changes in market interest rates. 
 As of September 30, 2016, approximately 4% of the loans in our portfolio were at fixed rates and approximately 96% were at variable rates. Additionally, for the loans at variable rates, approximately 92% contain an interest rate floor. The majority of our loan have a 100 basis point LIBOR floor. Our credit facilities and term debt securitizations all bear interest at variable rates without interest rate floors. 
 The presence of interest rate floors in our loan agreements results in assets with hybrid fixed and floating rate loan characteristics. Provided that the contractual interest rate remains at or below the interest rate floor, a performing loan will typically behave as a fixed rate instrument. If contractual interest rates are in excess of the interest rate floor, a performing loan will typically behave as a floating rate instrument. In a low interest rate environment, floors provide a benefit as we are able to earn additional income equal to the difference between the stated rate of the interest rate floor and the corresponding contractual rate. If interest rates rise, the potential benefit provided by interest rate floors would decrease resulting in lower net interest income. The cost of our variable rate debt would increase, while interest income from loans with interest rate floors would not change until interest rates exceed the stated rate of the interest rate floors or upon the re-pricing or principal repayment of the loans. 
 70 

The following table shows the hypothetical estimated change in net interest income over a 12-month pe  riod based on a static, instantaneous parallel shift in interest rates applied to our portfolio and cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016. Our modeling is based on contractual terms and does not consider prepayment or changes in the compositio  n of our portfolio or our current capital structure. It further generalizes that both variable rate assets and liabilities are indexed to a flat 3 month LIBOR yield curve. Although we believe these measurements are representative of our interest rate sensi  tivity, we can give no assurance that actual results would not differ materially from our modeled outcomes.  

The estimated changes in net interest income reflect the potential effect of interest rate floors on loans totaling approximately $3.4 billion. Due to the presence of these interest rate floors, as interest rates begin to rise from current levels, the cost of our variable rate debt increases. The interest rate on performing loans will remain fixed until the contractual rate exceeds the stated rate on the interest rate floors. Consequently, the result is a negative net interest income impact as interest rates initially increase until they reach an inflection point. Beyond this inflection point, which is typically close to the portfolio s weighted average stated floor rate, the benefit of rising rates begins to accrue to us as the interest rate on performing loans starts to adjust upward. 
   
     Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report (the  Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
   PART II.   OTHER INFORMATION 
     Item 1.  Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time we expect to be party to legal proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. 
     Item 1A.  Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes to the Company s risk factors since our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 71 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equi  ty Securities and Use of Proceeds  
 The following table sets forth the repurchases we made for the three-month period ending on September 30, 2016: 

(1)   
 
 The Company repurchased 19,351 shares during the period pursuant to the share repurchase program that we announced on October 7, 2015 (the  Repurchase Program ) and amended on February 10, 2016. Certain of these shares were repurchased on the open market pursuant to a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act.    

(2)   
 
 Includes an aggregate of 3,121 shares of Common Stock acquired from individuals in order to satisfy tax withholding requirements in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards under equity compensation plans during the third quarter.    

(3)   
 
 The Repurchase Program, as amended in February 2016, provides for the repurchase of up to $30.0 million of the Company s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.    

72 

Item 6.  Exhib  its.  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

Method of Filing  

3(a)  

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company.  

Previously filed as Exhibit 3(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on April 2, 2007 (File No. 001-33211) and incorporated herein by reference.  

3(b) 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 

Previously filed as Exhibit 3(b) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on April 2, 2007 (File No. 001-33211) and incorporated herein by reference.  

4  

Indenture by and between Arch Street CLO, LTD., as Issuer, Arch Street CLO, LLC., as Co-Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, dated as of September 15, 2016.  

Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2016 (File No. 001-33211) and incorporated herein by reference.  

10(1)  

Termination Agreement and General Release effective as of July 14, 2016 between NewStar Financial, Inc. and Peter A. Schmidt-Fellner.  

Filed herewith.  

10(2)  

Early Retirement Agreement and General Release effective as of September 30, 2016 between NewStar Financial, Inc. and John J. Frishkopf.  

Filed herewith  

10(3)  

Collateral Management Agreement by and between Arch Street CLO, LTD., as Issuer, and NewStar Capital LLC, as Collateral Manager, dated as of September 15, 2016.  

Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2016 (File No. 001-33211) and incorporated herein by reference.  

31(a)  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Filed herewith.  

31(b)  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Filed herewith.  

32  

Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

Filed herewith.  

73 

101  

The following materials from the Quarterly Report of NewStar Financial, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended  September  30, 2016 and 2015, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Filed herewith.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Documents  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document  

74 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC.  

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  

/S/    JOHN KIRBY BRAY  

John Kirby Bray  

Chief Financial Officer  

75 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

Method of Filing  

3(a)  

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company.  

Previously filed as Exhibit 3(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on April 2, 2007 (File No. 001-33211) and incorporated herein by reference.  

3(b) 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 

Previously filed as Exhibit 3(b) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on April 2, 2007 (File No. 001-33211) and incorporated herein by reference.  

4  

Indenture by and between Arch Street CLO, LTD., as Issuer, Arch Street CLO, LLC., as Co-Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, dated as of September 15, 2016.  

Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2016 (File No. 001-33211) and incorporated herein by reference  

10(1)  

Termination Agreement and General Release effective as of July 14, 2016 between NewStar Financial, Inc. and Peter A. Schmidt-Fellner.  

Filed herewith.  

10(2)  

Early Retirement Agreement and General Release effective as of September 30, 2016 between NewStar Financial, Inc. and John J. Frishkopf.  

Filed herewith.  

10(3)  

Collateral Management Agreement by and between Arch Street CLO, LTD., as Issuer, and NewStar Capital LLC, as Collateral Manager, dated as of September 15, 2016.  

Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2016 (File No. 001-33211) and incorporated herein by reference.  

31(a)  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Filed herewith.  

31(b)  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Filed herewith.  

32  

Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

Filed herewith.  

76 

101  

The following materials from the Quarterly Report of NewStar Financial, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Filed herewith.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Documents  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document  

77 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 news-ex101_148.htm
 EX-10.1

news-ex101_148.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 TERMINATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
 This Termination Agreement and General Release ( Agreement ) is made by and between NewStar Financial, Inc., on behalf of itself and all of its predecessors, successors and affiliated entities (collectively,  NewStar  or the  Company ), and Peter A. Schmidt-Fellner, on behalf of himself, his  executors, heirs, administrators, agents, attorneys, administrators, beneficiaries and assigns (collectively,  Schmidt-Fellner ).  In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, NewStar and Schmidt-Fellner agree as follows: 

1.   
 
  Retirement .  Schmidt-Fellner shall retire from NewStar effective as of July 14, 2016 (the  Retirement Date ). Except as expressly modified by this Agreement, the Employment Agreement between NewStar and Schmidt-Fellner dated October 9, 2013 ( Employment Agreement ), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit A, shall continue to govern the terms and conditions of Schmidt-Fellner s employment with NewStar until and after Schmidt-Fellner s Retirement Date pursuant to its terms. Effective as of the Retirement Date, Schmidt-Fellner shall also, and hereby does, resign from the Company s Board of Directors and any and all committees thereof.    

2.   
 
  Separation Benefits upon Retirement .  Provided that Schmidt-Fellner remains an employee of NewStar in good standing through the Retirement Date, and provided further that Schmidt-Fellner executes this Agreement on or after the Retirement Date (and does not, and may no longer, revoke this Agreement), the parties agree that Schmidt-Fellner s separation from the Company is mutually agreed and that Schmidt-Fellner shall be eligible for the following payments and benefits:    

(d)   
 
 One year of paid family healthcare premium and deductible coverage. Thereafter, Schmidt-Fellner is eligible to continue coverage under the Company s, or successor companies, Retiree Healthcare Plan;    

(e)   
 
 Continued vesting of all outstanding restricted stock and cash units (Exhibit D).    

 The cash payment from (a) to (c) totaling $2,300,000 will be paid in installments of (1) $1,150,000 paid 6 months and one day following his  separation of service  within the meaning of Section 409A as Schmidt-Fellner is a  specified employee  under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and therefor payments shall begin after the waiting period; and (2) $95,833 semi-monthly for 6 months following the 6 month and one day waiting period.        

3.   
 
    General Release .  Except with respect to any rights, obligations or duties arising out of this Agreement, and in consideration of the payments and benefits set forth in this Agreement, Schmidt-Fellner hereby releases and discharges NewStar and anyone acting by, through or     

on behalf of NewStar, including but not limited NewStar s directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents (collectively, the  Releasees ), to the fullest extent permitted by law, of and from any and all compl  aints, charges, lawsuits or claims for relief of any kind by Schmidt-Fellner that Schmidt-Fellner     now has, ever had or ever may have against the Releasees, or any of them, whether known or unknown, arising out of any matter or thing that has happened befor  e the signing of this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) claims for tort or contract; (ii) claims arising out of, based on, or connected with Schmidt-Fellner s     employment, including terms and conditions of employment, by NewStar and the cessation   of that employment; and (iii) claims arising   under any federal, state or local labor, employment or discrimination laws, including but not limited to the following (all as amended):   Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Emplo  yment Act of 1967 ( ADEA ), the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ), the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Act (G.L. c. 151B), the Massac  husetts Civil Rights Act, the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act, the Massachusetts Wage Act, and any other local, state or federal law, policy, order, regulation or guideline affecting or relating to claims or rights of employees.  The release contained herei  n is a GENERAL RELEASE, including of statutory claims.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude Schmidt-Fellner     from participating or cooperating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission,   or any other local, state or federal administrative agency, including with respect to a challenge to this General Release.  However, in the event that a charge or complaint is filed against the Releasees, or any of them, with any administrative agency or i  n the event of an authorized investigation, charge or lawsuit filed against the Releasees by any administrative agency, Schmidt-Fellner expressly waives and shall not accept any award or damages therefrom.           

4.   
 
  Continuation of Prior Covenants .  Schmidt-Fellner acknowledges and agrees that, following the Retirement Date or any other cessation of his employment with NewStar (whether initiated by Schmidt-Fellner or by NewStar), he will remain bound by the terms of the Employment Agreement to the extent that such terms survive the cessation of Schmidt-Fellner s employment under the Employment Agreement, including the covenants contained in Sections 8 (Confidentiality) and 9 (Restrictive Covenants) and all related enforcement provisions.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the Effective Date (as defined in Section 14(c) hereof), the Restrictive Covenant period under Section 9 of the Employment Agreement (relating to his non-solicitation and non-competition obligations) will be limited to one (1) year following the Retirement Date (the  Restricted Period ) instead of two (2) years.     

   During the Restricted Period and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, Schmidt-Fellner s obligations under Lock-Up Agreements by and between NewStar and Schmidt-Fellner dated December 13, 2006 and March 18, 2009 respectively (together, the  Lock-Up Agreements,  copies of which are attached as Exhibits B and C) remain in effect. Specifically, in accordance with the Lock-Up Agreement dated December 13, 2006, during the Restricted Period and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, Schmidt-Fellner shall hold and not transfer 119,850 shares, which represents twenty-five percent (25%) of Vested Incentive Securities subject to lock-up under the Lock-Up Agreement (the  Restricted Securities ). In accordance with the Lock-Up Agreement dated March 18, 2009, during the Restricted Period and for a period of 90 days thereafter, Schmidt-Fellner shall not transfer  
 - 2 - 

more than fifty percent (50%) of the proceeds from the exercise of any opti  ons granted on March 18, 2009 priced at $2.76 (the  Restricted Proceeds ), totaling 108,494 shares. The foregoing results in an aggregate of 228,344 NewStar shares being restricted from transfer under the Lock-Up Agreements. Restricted Securities and Proce  eds are released from hold in the event of a tender offer or company merger.   
 The Restricted Securities and Restricted Proceeds shall be held, in Schmidt-Fellner s name, by Merrill Lynch in its capacity as the administrator of the Company s equity award programs, until 90 days following the date the Restricted Period expires. If the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time during the Restricted Period and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, determines that Schmidt-Fellner has violated or breached the Restrictive Covenants (as defined in the Lock-Up Agreements) at any time prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, then all of such Restricted Securities and Restricted Proceeds, as of the date of breach shall be forfeited for no consideration. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else in the Employment Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements or this Agreement (including Section 10 hereof), if Schmidt-Fellner secures employment during the Restricted Period in violation of his agreement not to compete with any Restricted Business, and agrees in connection therewith to waive any further payments under Section 2 above, he will not forfeit the Restricted Securities or Restricted Proceeds by reason of such employment and the Company will not seek any further damages from him related to such employment, provided he continues to comply with the remaining Restrictive Covenants.  

5.   
 
  Investment Consultation . For one (1) year following the Retirement Date, Schmidt-Fellner will be available to provide his consultation and guidance on specific investment decisions at the reasonable request of the Chief Executive Officer, for no additional consideration. Such consultations will be limited to a maximum amount of time of two (2) hours per week.    

6.   
 
  Employment and Reporting Status . As of Schmidt-Fellner s Retirement Date, Schmidt-Fellner will no longer (a) be deemed a  Section 16 Officer  or a  Key Employee  under the Company s Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy or (b) be otherwise subject to the Company s Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy or share ownership guidelines. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Schmidt-Fellner acknowledges that (a) the federal securities laws prohibit the purchase or sale of any securities of the Company on the basis of material, non-public information about such securities or the Company, and (b) Section 16 under the Securities Exchange Act may impose certain reporting or other requirements with respect to a transaction in the Company s securities following the cessation of director or officer status, if the transaction is executed within a period of not less than six months of an opposite transaction subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and if the transaction is not otherwise exempted from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.         

7.   
 
  No Pending Claims; Non-admissions .  Schmidt-Fellner represents and warrants that he has not filed any complaints, charges, or claims for relief against the Releasees, or any one of them, with any local, state or federal court or administrative agency, any professional or regulatory board, or any other agency or entity.  Schmidt-Fellner further warrants that he has not previously assigned or transferred any of the claims that are the subject of the General Release contained in this Agreement.        

 - 3 - 

It is further understood and agreed that this Agreement does not constitute any admission by NewStar that any action taken with respect to Schmidt-Fellner was unlawful or wrongful, or that any action by it constituted a breach o  f contract or violated any federal, state or local law, policy, rule or regulation.    

8.   
 
  Return of Property .  Within two business days of termination, Schmidt-Fellner shall:    

(a)   
 
 return all property belonging to NewStar, including but not limited to computers, papers, files, documents, reference guides, equipment, keys, access key tag/card, identification cards, credit cards, software, computer access codes, disks, supplies and institutional manuals. Schmidt-Fellner shall not retain any copies, summaries, reproductions or excerpts of any of the foregoing, whether in hardcopy or electronic format, and further;    

(b)   
 
 to the extent Schmidt-Fellner has stored any NewStar property on any personal home computer(s) or other personal electronic storage device(s), Schmidt-Fellner shall first forward a copy of any such property by email to Jennifer Muldoon (jmuldoon@newstarfin.com) and then shall irretrievably delete all NewStar property from any personal home computer(s) and any other personal electronic storage device(s) within two business days.    

9.   
 
  Nondisparagement .  Schmidt-Fellner agrees not to disparage or make negative statements about NewStar or any of NewStar s officers, directors, employees, or programs.  Nothing in this Agreement shall bar Schmidt-Fellner from providing truthful testimony in any legal proceeding, or in responding to any request from any governmental agency, or as required by law, or by court order or other legal process.    

10.   
 
  Breach .  Subject to the last paragraph of Section 4 hereof, Schmidt-Fellner acknowledges that any breach of this Agreement and/or the Employment Agreement may cause irreparable damage to NewStar and that in the event of such breach, NewStar shall be entitled, in addition to monetary damages and to any other remedies available to NewStar under this Agreement and/or the Employment Agreement and at law, to equitable relief, including injunctive relief.  In the event that Schmidt-Fellner institutes legal proceedings to enforce this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, Schmidt-Fellner agrees that the sole remedy available to Schmidt-Fellner shall be enforcement of the terms of this Agreement or the Employment Agreement and/or a claim for damages resulting from the breach of this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, but that under no circumstances shall Schmidt-Fellner be entitled to receive or collect any damages for claims that Schmidt-Fellner has released under this Agreement.      

11.   
 
  Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of NewStar and Schmidt-Fellner and their respective successors and assigns.     

12.   
 
    Severability .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be excessively broad, it shall be reformed and construed by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.  Should any part, term or provision of this Agreement be determined by any tribunal, administrative agency or court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, even after all attempts at reformation or construction have     

 - 4 - 

been exhausted as provided in the prior sentence, the validity of the r  emaining parts, terms or provisions shall not be affected thereby, and the illegal, invalid or unenforceable part, term or provision shall be deemed not to be part of this Agreement.     

13.   
 
  Entire Agreement .  This Agreement, including its attached exhibits, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties about or relating to the cessation of Schmidt-Fellner s employment with NewStar, or NewStar s obligations to Schmidt-Fellner with respect to Schmidt-Fellner s cessation of employment, and fully supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous agreements or understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, except that the Employment Agreement shall remain in effect as set forth in Sections 1 and 4 above, and the terms of the applicable grant documents for any stock options or other equity rights shall remain in effect.  The terms of this Agreement are contractual in nature and not a mere recital, and they shall take effect as a sealed document.  This Agreement may be changed or amended only by agreement in writing signed by both parties.      

14.   
 
  Time to Consider Agreement; Revocation .      

(a)   
 
 Schmidt-Fellner acknowledges that he has been advised in writing to, and has been given the opportunity to, consult an attorney of his choice before signing this Agreement.    

(b)   
 
 Schmidt-Fellner acknowledges that he has been given the opportunity to review and consider this Agreement for twenty-one (21) days before signing it and that, if Schmidt-Fellner has signed this Agreement in less than that time, he   has done so voluntarily in order to obtain sooner the benefits of this Agreement.  For the convenience of the parties, facsimile and pdf signatures shall be accepted as originals.    

(c)   
 
 Schmidt-Fellner further acknowledges that he may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days of signing it, provided that this Agreement will not become effective until such seven day period has expired.  To be effective, any such revocation must be in writing and delivered to NewStar s principal office, to the attention of Jennifer Muldoon, by close of business on the seventh day after signing and must expressly state Schmidt-Fellner s intention to revoke the Agreement.  The eighth day following Schmidt-Fellner s execution hereof shall be deemed the  Effective Date  of this Agreement.    

(d)   
 
 The parties also agree that the release provided by Schmidt-Fellner in this Agreement does not include claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act arising after the date Schmidt-Fellner signs this Agreement.      

15.   
 
  Representations .  Schmidt-Fellner acknowledges that the benefits afforded to him under the terms of this Agreement exceed any legal obligation of NewStar and provide valid consideration for the General Release contained in this Agreement, and the parties attest that no other representations were made regarding this Agreement other than those contained herein.    

 - 5 - 

16.   
 
        Choice of Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without re  gard to its conflict of laws principles.  The parties hereby expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Massachusetts for any lawsuit permitted to be filed arising from or relating to this Agreement and expres  sly waive any and all objections to venue, including, without limitation, the inconvenience of such forum.     

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NewStar and Schmidt-Fellner have duly executed this Agreement as of the dates written below. 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ JOHN KIRBY BRAY  

Name: John Kirby Bray  

Title:  Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  August 4, 2016  

Peter A. Schmidt-Fellner  

By:  
 
 /s/ PETER A. SCHMIDT-FELLNER  

Date: July 14, 2016  

- 6 - 

Exhibit A  
   
   RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT of PETER A. SCHMIDT-FELLNER 
             EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT     (this  Agreement   ), dated as of October 9,   2013 (the  Effective Date ), between NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and Peter A. Schmidt-Fellner ( Executive   ).  This Agreement fully supersedes the Employment Agreement that Executive executed on   December 11, 2009.   
   In consideration of the mutual agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration given by each party to this Agreement to the other, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company agrees to employ Executive and Executive agrees to serve the Company as an employee pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions that follow. 

1.   
 
    Employment  .       

(a)   
 
    The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date.       

(b)   
 
                  Executive s employment with the Company shal  l continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until the   second (2nd) anniversary of the Effective Date and thereafter shall automatically renew for one additional one (1) year period unless a notice of intent n  ot to renew shall be delivered in accordance with Section 18 by either the Company or Executive, as the case may be, at least ninety (90) days prior to the   second (2nd) anniversary date, provided that either party may make any renewal contingent upon the p  arties  agreement to add to, delete, or modify the terms of this Agreement by providing a notice to the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the   second (2nd) anniversary date.  The parties shall have a 30-day window to agree to any additional, de  leted or modified terms and, if no agreement can be reached, then the initial contingent notice of renewal shall be deemed a notice of non-renewal unless the parties agree otherwise.  The term of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall be referred to as the  Term.        

(c)   
 
    In the event that this Agreement expires, whether as a result of non-renewal or as a result of the end of the one-year renewal, Executive shall revert to being an at-will employee of the Company, subject to the terms of Sections 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement and any related enforcement provisions, and provided that nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either party from terminating this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 at any time prior to the expiration of the Term.        

(d)   
 
    Executive represents to the Company that he has no present intention to terminate employment with the Company.     

2.   
 
          Duties  .  During the Term, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis as the Chief Investment      

 - 7 - 

Officer of the Company.  Executive s duties and responsibilities as the Chief Investment Officer of the Company shall include those duties customarily associated with an officer with a similar title or as may be assigned to him from time to time by the Boa    rd of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof (the  Board of Directors ).  Executive shall be assigned to work primarily out of the Company s Darien, Connecticut office or any other Company office that is or will be located within     20   miles thereo  f (the  Primary Office Location ), it being understood and agreed that Executive shall be required to travel as necessary in the course of his employment.  Executive shall devote his full business-time attention and energies and use his best efforts in his   employment with the Company; provided, however, that this Agreement shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from      

(a)   
 
          serving on the boards of directors of unrelated  , non-competitive companies; or      

(b)   
 
    managing his personal affairs or engaging in charitable or civic activities;     

   so long as, in each case, such activities do not interfere in any material respect with the performance of Executive's duties and responsibilities hereunder and are in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Company. 

3.   
 
        Compensation and Benefits    .  In consideration of entering into this Agreement and as full compensation for Executive s services hereunder, during the   Term, Executive shall receive the following compensation and benefits:     

(a)   
 
      Base Salary  .  The Company shall pay to Executive a base salary (   Base Salary   ) at a gross rate of $400,000 per annum for the remainder of calendar year 2013, a gross rate of $600,000 per annum for calendar year 2014, and at a gross rate of $650,000 for calendar year 2015.  Execu  tive s Base Salary shall be payable in substantially equal installments in accordance with the payroll policies from time to time in effect at the Company.  Executive s Base Salary may be subject to additional increase (but shall not be subject to decrease) on an annual basis as the Board of Directors shall determine.       

(b)   
 
          Incentive Bonuses    .  Executive shall be   eligible to participate in such annual incentive bonus programs as the Board of Directors may adopt from time to time for members of senior managem  ent of the Company ( Incentive Bonus ).  The Company will establish a target for the Incentive Bonus for the Executive at the beginning of each year ( Target Incentive Bonus ), provided that for each year of the Term the Target Incentive Bonus will not be below the 2013 Target Incentive Bonus of $1,275,000, and provided that if the Company does not establish a Target Incentive Bonus within 30 days of the start of the year, the Target Incentive Bonus shall be set automatically at the same amount as the last Company-established Target Incentive Bonus.  The Target Incentive Bonus is not a guarantee. Actual Incentive Bonus payments, if any, will be determined by the Company in its sole discretion and based on Company, business and individual performance, and the actual Incentive Bonus paid, if any, may include a mix of current-year cash compensation, deferred cash compensation and/or equity compensation in the Company s sole discretion.       

 - 8 - 

(c)   
 
          Vacation  .  Executive shall be entitled to accrue up to five (5) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year.  Vacation time will accrue in accordance with the usual vacation policies in effect at the Company from time to time, provided that notwithstanding anything i  n any Company policy to the contrary, Executive shall not be permitted to carry over any accrued but unused vacation time from one calendar year to the next; any accrued but unused vacation time at the end of a calendar year shall be forfeited.       

(d)   
 
    Parking  .  The Company shall pay the costs of monthly automobile parking for Executive at Executive s Primary Office Location.     

(e)   
 
            Other Benefits  .  Executive shall participate in and be eligible to receive, but without duplication, all other benefits (i.e., bene  fits other than those of the types covered in Sections 3(a) - (d)) offered to senior executives of the Company, including, without limitation, retirement income   and health   plans and   other health and welfare plans,  under and in accordance with the provisions of any employee benefit plan adopted or to be adopted by the Company (collectively, the  Benefit Plans ) other than any severance benefits offered to senior executives in accordance with any such plan.  Except as set forth herein, Executive shall not be entitled to any other benefits.     

4.   
 
        Equity Holdback      .  During the Term, Executive shall be required to own Company stock in an aggregate then-current fair market value equal to Executive s then-current Base Salary multiplied by two (the  Ownership Level ).       

(a)   
 
    Stock Eligible for Holdback  .  To satisfy his obligations under this Section, the following forms of Company stock shall be considered:     

(i)   
 
    All vested and unvested shares awarded under the Company s Equity Incentive Award Plan (the  Plan ), including restricted stock and performance shares but not including any vested but unexercised stock options;     

(ii)   
 
    All stock beneficially owned by Executive and Executive s spouse; and     

(iii)   
 
    All stock held by any of Executive s estate planning vehicles.     

(b)   
 
        Certification of Holdback  .  For purposes of calculating compliance with the Ownership Level, Executive s Base Salary and the fair market value of the Company s stock shall be measured once per calendar year at such time as the Compensation Committee of the Board o  f Directors may direct  , but in any event no later than December 1 of each calendar year beginning in 2014.  Executive shall certify to the Company s Head of Human Resources once per calendar year whether the Ownership Level required under this Section has been satisfied, and Executive shall provide such documentation as may reasonably be requested to allow the Head of Human Resources to confirm such certification.      

 - 9 - 

(c)   
 
          Insufficient Awards of Stock  .  If Executive has not been granted or has not vested suffic  ient stock to meet the Ownership Level, then all shares resulting from the vesting of any restricted stock award under the Plan shall be subject to the holdback described in this Section until such time as the value of all of Executive s shares eligible fo  r the holdback exceeds the Ownership Level.       

(d)   
 
    Exceptions  .  The Ownership Level requirements set forth in this Section are subject to such exceptions as the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors may grant in its sole discretion if compliance with this Section would create a severe hardship for Executive or would prevent Executive from complying with a court order (e.g., as part of a divorce settlement).       

5.   
 
    Reimbursement for Expenses  .  During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to incur on behalf of the Company reasonable and necessary expenses in connection with his duties in accordance with Company s policies and the Company shall pay for or reimburse Executive for all such expenses upon presentation of proper receipts therefore.  Executive shall comply with such reasonable limitations and reporting requirements with respect to such expenses as the Company may establish from time to time.      

6.   
 
    Termination  .  Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated at any time during the Term as follows (each, a  Termination Event ):     

(a)   
 
        Automatically in the event of the death of Executive.     

(b)   
 
    At the option of the Company, by the Board of Directors (acting through the Chairman or Secretary) or by written notice to Executive in the event of the Permanent Disability of Executive.  As used herein, the term  Permanent Disability  shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which renders Executive unable, with or without a reasonable accommodation, to render the services required hereunder (A) for one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve (12) month period or (B) for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days.     

(c)   
 
    At the option of the Company for Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall have  Cause  to terminate Executive s employment if any of the following occurs:       

(i)   
 
            Executive continuously fails to perform substantially Executive s duties with the Company or one of its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness)  , after a written demand for substantial   conformance is delivered to Executive by the Board of Directors, which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Executive has not substantially performed Executive s duties, or      

(ii)   
 
            Executive   engages in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is injurious to the Company or its affiliates,   whether from a monetary perspective or otherwise, or      

(iii)   
 
          Executive is convicted of, or pleads guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony   or any other crime involving moral turpitude, or     

 - 10 - 

(iv)   
 
          Executive materially breaches his obligations under Section 8 or Section 9 hereof, or     

(v)   
 
    Executive materially violates his obligations under Section 4 hereof.     

           Executive cannot be terminated for  Cause      as defined in (i), (iv), or (v)   unless the Company   first has notified Executive in writing that his employment is being terminated for Cause which notice shall specify the Cause event and Executive is given an opportunity, at least 30 days after receipt of such written notice from the Company, to make a presentation to the Board of Directors that Executive should not be terminated for Cause.   

(d)   
 
    At the option of the Company at any time without Cause.      

(e)   
 
    At the option of Executive for Good Reason.  For purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall have  Good Reason  to terminate this Agreement if any of the following occurs without the written consent of Executive (each a  Good Reason Condition ):     

(i)   
 
      a reduction in Executive s annual Base Salary from such   Executive s annual Base Salary then in effect;      

(ii)   
 
    a material diminution of Executive s duties following a Change in Control (for purposes of this Agreement, a material diminution of duties shall include, but not be limited to, the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent with or significantly different from his duties, responsibilities, and status as an officer and executive with a public company as then in effect); or      

(iii)   
 
            a forced relocation by the Company of Executive from the Primary   Office Location to a location greater than   twenty   (  20) miles from his Primary Office Location.       

   Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order for Good Reason to occur, Executive must reasonably determine in good faith that a Good Reason Condition has occurred, Executive must provide written notice to the Board of Directors of the occurrence of the Good Reason Condition within 45 days of the initial occurrence of such condition, Executive must cooperate in good faith with the Company s efforts, for a period not less than 30 days following such notice (the  Cure Period ), to remedy the Good Reason Condition, notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason Condition must continue to exist, and Executive must provide the Company with written notice of termination which establishes a termination date within 30 days after the end of the Cure Period.  If the Company cures the Good Reason Condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred. 

(f)   
 
    At the option of Executive, at any time, for any reason, on ninety (90) days prior written notice to the Company.      

(g)   
 
          At the option of Executive upon Retirement.  For purposes of this Agreement,      

 - 11 - 

Retirement  shall mean when Executive is fifty-five (55) ye    ars of age or older, Executive has completed at least     five (5)   years of service with the Company, and Executive provides at least ninety (90) days advance written notice of his intent to retire.     

(a)   
 
    Death  .  If the Termination Event is due to Executive s death, Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive, as soon as practicable following the date of termination:     

(i)   
 
    any accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination and any accrued and unpaid vacation pay or other benefits which may be owing in accordance with the Company policies and applicable law (the  Accrued Obligations ), plus      

(ii)   
 
                  an amount equal to the   Target Incentive Bonus in respect of the then-current year, pro-rated for the period from the beginnin  g of the then   current     year and ending on the date of termination  , payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the date of termination (the  Pro Rated Bonus ), plus     

(iii)   
 
          acceleration of vesting and exercisability of all equity   and deferred cash incentive awards (the  Incentive  Equity ) issued to Executive under the Plan. For purposes of this Agreement,  vesting  shall mean, in the case of any restricted stock issued under the Plan, ceasing to be subject to forfeitur, and payment dates of any deferred cash awards granted under the Plan are not accelerated as a result of the application of any such vesting acceleration provision of this Agreement, plus     

(iv)   
 
    a period of the lesser of (A) two (2) years following the date of termination or (B) the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options.     

(b)   
 
    Permanent Disability  .  If the Termination Event is due to Executive s Permanent Disability, Executive or his legal representatives shall be entitled to receive, as soon as practicable following the date of termination:     

(i)   
 
        Any Accrued Obligations, plus      

(ii)   
 
            the Pro Rated Bonus, plus     

(iii)   
 
  acceleration of vesting and exercisability of all Incentive Equity, plus     

(iv)   
 
    a period of the lesser of (A) one (1) year following the date of termination or (B) the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options.     

(c)   
 
      Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason  .  If the Termination Event is termination by the Company at any time during the Term without Cause or by      

 - 12 - 

Executive at any time during the Term for Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to:     

(i)   
 
    any Accrued Obligations, and     

(ii)   
 
    an amount equal to the Incentive Bonus paid or earned but unpaid to Executive in respect of the previous year, pro-rated for the period from the beginning of the then current   year and ending on the date of termination, payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable after the date of termination, plus     

(iii)   
 
    the Base Salary (which shall be the Base Salary as of the date of termination) during the Severance Period (as defined in Section 7(g)), payable in accordance with the payroll practices then in effect at the Company, plus     

(iv)   
 
        an amount equal to two times the Incentive Bonus paid or earned but unpaid to Executive in respect of the previous year, payable as soon as practicable following the date of termination, plus     

(v)   
 
    the continuation of all health benefits during the Severance Period at the same cost to Executive as though Executive continued his employment with the Company, plus     

(vi)   
 
    the continued vesting and exercisability of all Incentive Equity, plus     

(vii)   
 
    a period equal to the full length of the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options     

(d)   
 
                                      Termination for Cause or Voluntary Termination by Executive  .  If the Termination Event is termination by the Company for Cause pursuant to Section 6(c) or termination by Executive pursuant to Section 6(f), except for any Accrued Obligations, Executi  ve shall not be entitled to receive severance or any other compensation or benefits after the last date of e  mployment with the Company. If the   termination is a Voluntary Termination   by Executive  , all of the Incentive Equity that is unvested as of the date   of termination shall be forfeited for no consideration and   Executive shall have the lesser of (  i  ) one (1) year following the date of termination or (ii) the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options.      If the     termination is for Cause, all of     the Incentive Equity that is unvested as of the date of termination   shall be forfeited for no consideration and, in the Company s sole discretion, Executive may be granted the lesser of (i) one (1) year following the date of termination or (ii) the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options.       

 - 13 - 

(e)   
 
          Termination Upon Retirement  .  If the Termination Event is due to the Retirement of Executive, Executive shall be   entitled to receive, as soon as practicable following the date of termination:     

(i)   
 
    any Accrued Obligations, plus      

(ii)   
 
    an amount equal to the Incentive Bonus paid or earned but unpaid to Executive in respect of the previous year, pro-rated for the period from the beginning of the then current   year and ending on the date of termination, payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the date of such termination, but only if Executive retires effective as of the expiration of the Term of this Agreement, plus     

(iii)   
 
    continued vesting all Incentive Equity, plus     

(iv)   
 
    a period equal to the full length of the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options;     

(f)   
 
    Change of Control  .      

(i)   
 
    Special Payment  .  If, at any time during the two (2) year period following a Change of Control (as defined in Section 7(f)(ii)), Executive's employment is terminated without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, then instead of the payment set forth in subsection 7(c) Executive will receive:     

(1)   
 
    Any Accrued Obligations, plus     

(2)   
 
    an amount equal to two (2) times Base Salary (which shall be the Base Salary as of the date of termination), payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the date of termination, plus      

(3)   
 
    the Pro Rated Bonus, plus      

(4)   
 
          an amount equal to two (2) times the   Target Incentive Bonus  in respect of the then-current year, payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the date of termination, plus      

(5)   
 
    the continuation of all health benefits during the Severance Period, plus      

(6)   
 
    acceleration of vesting and exercisability of all Incentive Equity, plus      

(7)   
 
    a period equal to the full length of the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options;      

(ii)   
 
    Change of Control Defined  .  For purposes of this Section, the term    Change of Control    shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events:      

(1)   
 
      the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with      

 - 14 - 

or into any other corp  oration or other entity in which holders of the Company s voting securities immediately prior to such merger or consolidation will not, directly or indirectly, continue to hold at least a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company;     

(2)   
 
    a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a related series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the Company s assets;     

(3)   
 
    the acquisition by any person or any group of persons, acting together in any transaction or related series of transactions, of such quantity of the Company s voting securities as causes such person, or group of persons, to own beneficially, directly or indirectly, as of the time immediately after such transaction or series of transactions, 50% or more of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company other than as a result of      

(A)   
 
    an acquisition of securities directly from the Company or      

(B)   
 
    an acquisition of securities by the Company which by reducing the voting securities outstanding increases the proportionate voting power represented by the voting securities owned by any such person or group of persons to 50% or more of the combined voting power of such voting securities; or     

(4)   
 
    a change in the composition of the Board of Directors within a two (2) year period such that a majority of the members of the Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors.  As used herein, the term  Continuing Directors  shall mean as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Company who      

(A)   
 
    was a member of Board of Directors of the Company immediately after the Effective Date of this Agreement, or      

(B)   
 
    was nominated for election or elected to the Company s Board of Directors with the approval of, or whose election to the Board of Directors was ratified by, at least a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Company s Board of Directors at the time of that nomination or election;     

        provided ,  however , (i)   that each such event shall also constitute a  change in control event  within the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-3(i)(5)(i) and (ii) that in no case shall the public offering and sale of the Company s Common Stock by its stockholders pursuant to a register  ed secondary offering or the voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy of the Company constitute a Change of Control. 
 - 15 - 

(g)   
 
          Severance Period Defined  .  For purposes of this Agreement,  Severance Period  shall mean the period beginning on the date of termination of   Executive s employment and ending on the date which is two (2) years thereafter.     

(h)   
 
            Condition to Payment  .  All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 7 which are not otherwise required by law shall be contingent upon (i)  delivery by Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate), within 60 days of the effective date of termination of an irrevocable separation agreement in such form as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, including a general release of all claims to the ma  ximum extent permitted by law against the Company, its affiliates and its and their current and former stockholders, directors, employees and agents   (in substantially the form attached as Exhibit A) and (ii) compliance by Executive with his obligations und  er any   stockholder, restricted stock or other agreement to which the Company and Executive are a party; and further provided that if the 60 day period in clause (i) spans two calendar years, then no payment shall begin prior to January 1 of such second calendar year.     

(i)   
 
    No Other Severance  .  Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Section 7, upon termination, Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise.     

8.   
 
    Confidentiality  .       

(a)   
 
      Executive agrees that Confidential Information was and shall be made available in connection with Executive s employment by or consultancy with the Company.  Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information that he develops or invents in connection with his employment by the Company or has obtained or will obtain in connection therewith is the property of the Company.  Executive agrees that he will not use any Confidential Information for his own benefit or for the benefit or any other person or entity or disclose any Confidential Information to any other person, except that Confidential Information may be disclosed: (i) to the extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation (including complying with any oral or written questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process to which Executive is subject);   provided   that Executive gives the Company prompt notice of such requests, to the extent practicable, so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order or similar relief (and Executive shall cooperate with such efforts by the Company at the Company s expense, and shall in any event make only the minimum disclosure required by such law, rule or regulation unless Executive reasonably believes that other disclosure is necessary or advisable in order to avoid adverse consequences to Executive), (ii) if the prior written consent of the Board of Directors shall have been obtained, or (iii) to such Persons to the extent necess  ary in the reasonable judgment of Executive to perform his duties as an employee of the Company and, in his reasonable judgment, such disclosure is not harmful to the Company.     

(b)   
 
         Confidential Information    shall mean any information relating to the business or affairs of the Company or, as provided below, any of its affiliates, including, but not      

 - 16 - 

limited to, customer identities, potential customers, employees, business and financial strategies, methods or   practices, business plans, financial models, proposals, documents or materials owned, developed or possessed by the Company, profit margins or other proprietary information used by the Company or any of its affiliates;   provided     that   Confidential Informatio  n shall not include (i) information that is or becomes generally known to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive in violation of this Agreement, (ii) information that was known to Executive prior to becoming an employee of the Compa  ny or (iii) information which becomes known to Executive following a Termination Event, through no wrongful act of Executive, by disclosure from a third party unless Executive has reason to believe that such third party is under an obligation or duty of co  nfidentiality or secrecy with respect to such information or is an employee, officer, director or stockholder of the Company; and   provided  ,   further  , that (A) in such case where any affiliate has a separate confidentiality requirement or agreement to which   the Company is subject, such confidentiality requirement or agreement shall supersede the requirements herein and (B) unless a confidentiality requirement or agreement referred to in the preceding clause (A) exists with respect to an affiliate, Confidentia  l Information for purposes of this definition as it relates to affiliates shall be deemed to include only Confidential Information of affiliates, the employees or consultants of which, are participants or observers at meetings of the Board of Directors of   the Company.     

9.   
 
    Restrictive Covenants  .     

(a)   
 
    During the Term and for a period of two (2) years following the cessation of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason (whether initiated by the Company or by Executive, and whether during or following the expiration of the Term of this Agreement), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly      

(i)   
 
    cause, solicit, induce or encourage any employees, consultants or contractors of the Company to leave such employment or service, or hire, employ or otherwise engage any such individual, or      

(ii)   
 
    cause, induce or encourage any customer, supplier or licensor of the Company, or any other Person who has a material business relationship with the Company, to terminate or modify any such relationship.     

(b)   
 
    During the Term and for a period of two (2) years following cessation of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason (whether initiated by the Company or by Executive, and whether during or following the expiration of the Term of this Agreement) Executive shall not, directly or indirectly alone or as a partner, officer, director, shareholder, member, sole proprietor, employee or consultant of any other firm or entity, personally engage or participate in any Restricted Business, as such term is defined below, as a material portion of his responsibilities.      

 - 17 - 

(c)   
 
          The parties hereto agree that, if any court of competent jurisdiction in a final nonappealable judgment determines that a specified time period, a specified business limitation or any other relevant fea  ture of this Section 9 is unreasonable, arbitrary or against public policy, then a lesser time period, business limitation or other relevant feature which is determined to be reasonable, not arbitrary and not against public policy may be enforced against t  he applicable party.     

(d)   
 
       Restricted Business    shall mean any of the following:      

(i)   
 
    the business of directly extending senior loans to middle-market companies as targeted by the Company at the effective date of Executive s cessation of employment with the Company;     

(ii)   
 
    providing real estate financing of the types offered by the Company at the effective date of the Executive s cessation of employment with the Company;     

(iii)   
 
              extending asset   based   loans or investing in asset   based securities with financial products of the types then offered by the Company at the effective date of Executive s cessation of employment with the Company; or     

(iv)   
 
          any other material line of business engaged in by the Company, and in which Executive materi  ally participated or obtained Confidential Information about, as of the effective date of Executive s cessation of employment with the Company.      

(e)   
 
            The Board of Directors of the Company, or following a Change of Control the senior management team of the a  cquiring company,   shall, in its sole discretion, have the authority and discretion to waive any provision of this Section 9 or to make a  determination that a business is not a Restricted Business for purposes hereof.      

10.   
 
    Injunctive Relief  .  The parties acknowledge and agree that restrictions contained in Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the business and goodwill of the Company and are considered by Executive to be reasonable for such purpose.  Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach of Sections 8 or 9 will cause the Company substantial and irrevocable damage that is difficult to measure.  Therefore, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, Executive agrees that the Company, in addition to such other remedies which may be available, shall have the right to obtain an injunction from a court restraining such a breach or threatened breach and the right to specific performance of the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement and Executive hereby waives the adequacy of a remedy at law as a defense to such relief.      

11.   
 
      Excess Parachute Payments  .    If any payment or benefit Executive would receive under this Agreement, when combined with any other payment or benefit Executive receives pursuant to the termination of Executive s employment with the Company ( Payment ) would constitute in whole or in part an  excess parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the  Excise Tax ), then such Payment shall be either (i) the full amount of such Payment or (ii) such lesser amount (with cash payments being reduced before equity compensation) as would result if the Payment were reduced      

 - 18 - 

until no portion of the Payment was subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in Executive s retention, on   an after-tax basis, of the greater net amount.     

12.   
 
          Survival; Conflicting Terms.      The provisions of Section   7,   Section 8 and Section 9, and all related enforcement provisions, shall survive any termination of this Agreement and remain applicable according t  o their terms (whether under Section 6 or as a result of the expiration of the Term).  Section 7(f) shall survive a Change of Control regardless of whether this Agreement is terminated in connection with a Change of Control or expires by its terms following a Change of Control.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any Incentive Equity documentation, the terms of this Agreement regarding the Incentive Equity shall prevail.       

13.   
 
        Indemnification  .  If Executive is a party to any   action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that Executive is or was an officer or agent of the Company   (a  Proceeding ), the Company will indemnify Executive to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of the Company s incorporation, in effect at that time, or the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company, whichever affords the greater protection to Executive.       

14.   
 
    Advancement of Expenses  .  The Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, expenses incurred by Executive in connection with any Proceeding not initiated by the Executive, and such advancement shall be made within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding.  The Executive shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Executive undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) to the extent that it is ultimately determined by the Company, in its sole discretion that Executive is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company.  No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement.  This Section 13 shall not apply to any claim made by Executive for which indemnity is excluded by applicable law.     

15.   
 
  Withholding Taxes  .  Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company may directly or indirectly withhold from any payments under this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes that will be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation.     

16.   
 
      Section 409A  .    To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 409A ) and any Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date ( Section 409A Guidance ).  Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement to the contrary, (i) if, at the time of Executive s separation of service from the Company, Executive is a  specified employee  as defined in 409A Guidance and the deferral of the commencement of any payments or benefits otherwise payable hereunder as a result of such separation of service is necessary in order to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under 409A Guidance, then the Company will defer the commencement of the payment of any such payments or benefits hereunder (without any reduction in such      

 - 19 - 

payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Executive) until the date that is six months following Executive s separation of service with the Company (or the earliest   date as is permitted under Section 409A), with any payments that otherwise would have been paid during the six-month period accumulating and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business day following the expiration of such six-month period and th  e remaining payments, if any, due after the six-month period following Executive s separation from service paid in accordance with the terms of the applicable provision of this Agreement and (ii) if any other payments of money or other benefits due to Exec  utive hereunder could cause the application of an accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, the Company may (a) adopt such amendments to the Agreement, including amendments with retroactive effect, that the Company determines necessary or appropria  te to preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided by the Agreement and/or (b) take such other actions as the Company determines necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of 409A Guidance.  The Company shall consult with Exec  utive in good faith regarding the implementation of this Section 16; provided that none of the Company, any of its affiliates, or any of their employees or representatives shall have any liability to Executive with respect thereto.  Each payment under this   Agreement shall be designated as a  separate payment  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and all payments payable as soon as practicable following a date of termination will be paid prior to the 15   th    day of the third month following the date such payment becomes due hereunder.  To the extent any reimbursement or in-kind benefit due to Executive under this Agreement constitutes  deferred compensation  under Section 409A of the Code, any such reimbursem  ent or in-kind benefit shall be paid to Executive in a manner consistent with Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv).       

17.   
 
    Effect of Prior Agreements  .  This Agreement     constitutes the sole and entire agreement and understanding between Executive and the Company with respect to the matters covered hereby and thereby, and there are no other promises, agreements, representations, warranties or other statements between Executive and the Company in respect to such matters not expressly set forth in this Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings or other arrangements, whether written or oral, concerning the subject matter hereof, except that the terms of the Plan and any grant documents relating to any pre-existing Incentive Equity shall remain in full force and effect following Executive s execution of this Agreement.     

 - 20 - 

18.   
 
          Notices  .  Any notice required, permitted, or desired to be given pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have   been sufficiently given or served for all purposes when telecopied, when delivered by hand or received by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or by nationally reorganized overnight courier service addressed to the party to receive such notice at   the following address or any other address substituted therefore by notice pursuant to these provisions:     

- 21 - 

19.   
 
          Assignability  .  The obligations of Executive may not be delegated   and Executive may not, without the Company s written consent thereto, assign, transfer, convey, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Agreement or any interest herein.  Any such attempted delegation or disposition shall be null and voi  d and without effect.  The Company and Executive agree that this Agreement and all of the Company  rights and obligations hereunder may be assigned or transferred by the Company to and may be assumed by and become binding upon and may inure to the benefit   of any affiliate of or successor to the Company.  The term  successor  shall mean, with respect to the Company, any other corporation or other business entity which, by merger, consolidation, purchase of the assets, or otherwise, acquires all or a material   part of its assets.  Any assignment by either of the Company of its rights or obligations hereunder to any affiliate of or successor of the Company shall not be a termination of employment for purposes of this Agreement.     

20.   
 
    Modification  .  This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in writing signed by the parties.  No term or condition of this Agreement will be deemed to have been waived except in writing by the party charged with waiver.  A waiver will operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and will not constitute a waiver for the future or act on anything other than that which is specifically waived.     

21.   
 
    Governing Law  .  This Agreement has been executed and delivered in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and its validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement will be governed by the laws of that state applicable to contacts made and to be performed entirely within that state.     

22.   
 
    Severability  .  All provisions of this Agreement are intended to be severable.  In the event any provision or restriction contained herein is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, in whole or in part, such finding will in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.  The parties hereto further agree that any such invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it will be enforced to the greatest extent permissible under law, and to the extent that any court of competent jurisdiction determines any restriction herein to be unreasonable in any respect, such court may limit this Agreement to render it reasonable in the light of the circumstances in which it was entered into and specifically enforce this Agreement as limited.     

23.   
 
    No Waiver  .  No course of dealing or any delay on the part of the Company or Executive in exercising any rights hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any such rights.  No waiver of any default or breach of this Agreement shall be deemed a continuing waiver of any other breach or default.     

24.   
 
    Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original by the party executing the same but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.  For the convenience of the parties, facsimile and pdf signatures shall be accepted as originals.     

25.   
 
    Binding Arbitration  .     

(a)   
 
      Binding Arbitration  .  Except as expressly set forth in this Section, in the event any dispute should arise between the Parties with respect to any of the terms and      

 - 22 - 

conditions   of this Agreement and/or Executive s employment with the Company, the parties agree that any and all controversies, claims or disputes between them,   including but not limited to any claim arising under tort or contract law and any claim arising under Title   VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C.   1981, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, the Rehabilitation Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Massachusett  s Fair Employment Practices Act (G.L. c. 151B), the Massachusetts Wage Act or any other local, state or federal statute, regulation or policy in any way relating to rights of employees,   shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration, to be held in Boston, Massachusetts in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, including the Optional Appeal Procedure, as established by JAMS or its successor ( JAMS ) and as in   effect at the time the request for arbitration is made (the  Arbitration Rules ), and to be administered by JAMS.  Issues of arbitrability shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.    1-16, and not state law.  The arbitration shall be con  ducted before a single neutral arbitrator appointed in accordance with the Arbitration Rules.  The arbitrator may award any form of remedy or relief that would otherwise be available in court (including equitable relief such as injunctions, temporary restr  aining orders, etc.), consistent with applicable law.  Unless the parties agree otherwise, the neutral arbitrator and the members of any appeal panel shall be former or retired judges or justices of any Massachusetts state or federal court with experience   in matters involving employment disputes.  The party initiating arbitration will be responsible for paying the filing fee for the arbitration required by the arbitration service provider; provided, however, Executive s payment of any such filing fee shall   not exceed the filing fee for a civil action in the Massachusetts state court system and the Company shall reimburse Executive for any such fee in excess of that amount.  The Company will pay the arbitrator's fee to the extent required by law.  Any award p  ursuant to said arbitration shall be accompanied by a detailed written opinion of the arbitrator setting forth the reason for the award.  Executive knows that options other than arbitration, such as state and federal administrative and judicial remedies, a  re available to resolve any discrimination claim, and despite such knowledge Executive agrees to arbitrate all claims pursuant to this Section.  Executive understands that by signing this Agreement, he is waiving, and will forever be precluded from asserti  ng, his right to utilize statutory administrative procedures and to seek judicial remedies with respect to such claims.         

(b)   
 
          Exceptions  .  The Parties agree not to institute any litigation or proceedings against each other in connection with this Agreeme  nt except as provided in this Section, provided, however, that the Company shall have the right to seek injunctive relief or other equitable remedies in a court of competent jurisdiction as provided in Section 10 or with regard to any other Restrictive Cov  enant (e.g., non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, etc.) between the Company and Executive.  Any such injunctive relief or other equitable remedies shall be sought exclusively in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and both parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of Massachusetts for such purposes.  Moreover, nothing in this Section shall be construed to preclude Executive from participating or cooperating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the Massachusetts Commission Against      

 - 23 - 

Discrimination, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other administrative agency.  However, in the event that a charge or complaint is filed against the   Company with any administrative agency or in the event of an authorized investigation, charge or lawsuit filed against the Company by any administrative agency, Executive expressly waives and shall not accept any award or damages from such a proceeding but   instead will pursue any claim for such damages in an arbitration proceeding as set forth in this Section.        

(c)   
 
    Fees and Expenses  .  Executive or his beneficiaries shall pay all attorney s fees and expenses incurred by Executive or his beneficiaries in resolving any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.  If it is finally determined that Executive or his beneficiaries prevailed with respect to such claim or dispute, the Company shall reimburse all attorney s fees and expenses incurred by Executive.     

(d)   
 
    Confidentiality  .  The parties will keep confidential, and will not disclose to any person, except as may be required by law, the existence of any controversy under this Section 25, the referral of any such controversy to arbitration or the status or resolution thereof.  In addition, the confidentiality restrictions set forth in Section 8 shall continue in full force and effect.     

26.   
 
      Acknowledgment  .  Executive acknowledges that before entering into this Agreement, Executive has had the opportunity to consult with any attorney or other advisor of Executive s choice, and that this provision constitutes advice from the Company to do so if Executive chooses.  Executive further acknowledges that Executive has entered into this Agreement of Executive s own free will, and that no promises or representations have been made to Executive by any person to induce Executive to enter into this Agreement other than the express terms set forth herein.  Executive further acknowledges that Executive has read   this Agreement and understands all of its terms, including the waiver of rights set forth in Section 25.      

- 24 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day written above.  
     
 - 25 - 

Exhibit B  

LOCK UP AGREEMENT (the   Agreement  ), dated as of December 13, 2006, among NewStar Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the   Company  ) and the management stockholders signatory hereto (the   Management Stockholders   and each a   Management Stockholder  ). 
 WHEREAS, each of the Management Stockholders has been issued shares of the Company s restricted stock (  Restricted Stock  ) pursuant to a restricted stock agreement (a   Restricted Stock Agreement  ) and granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (  Options   and, together with the Restricted Stock,   Incentive Securities   
   
 WHEREAS, each of the Management Stockholders is bound by the terms of a covenant not to compete and a covenant not to solicit as set forth in the applicable Restricted Stock Agreement (the   Restrictive Covenants        
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and for other good and valuable consideration given to each party hereto, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 1.   Definitions .   
 (a)      Transfer    means to sell, assign, dispose of, exchange, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise transfer, whether directly or indirectly, or agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.  
 (b)      Vested Incentive Securities    means Incentive Securities that, in the case of Restricted Stock, are no longer subject to forfeiture pursuant to a Restricted Stock Agreement and, in the case of Options, are vested.  
 - 26 - 

2.    Prohibited Transfers  .    
 (a)   For a period of one (1) year following the expiration of the underwriter s lock-up in connection with the Company s initial public offering, such Management Stockholder shall not Transfer more than ten percent (10%) of the Vested Incentive Securities then held by such Management Stockholder and, after such one (1) year period and during the Restricted Period (as defined below),  shall not Transfer more than seventy-five percent (75%) of the Vested Incentive Securities then held by such Management Stockholder.  For purposes of this agreement, the ten percent (10%) or seventy-five percent (75%), as applicable, of Vested Incentive Securities that may be Transferred shall be referred to as the   Transferable Vested Incentive Securities  .  The number of shares constituting Transferable Vested Incentive Securities shall be calculated after giving effect to any transfer by a Management Stockholder to the Company of any Incentive Securities for the purpose of satisfying withholding taxes, as permitted by and in accordance with, the Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 (b) In connection with the termination of such Management Stockholder s employment with the Company, such Management Stockholder hereby agrees that, if the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole discretio n, at any time during the one year period following the date of termination of employment (the   Restricted Period  ) and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, determines that the Management Stockholder has violated or breached the Restrictive Covenants at any time prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, then all of such Management Stockholder s Vested Incentive Securities that, as of the date of breach of such Restrictive Covenants, are not Transferable Vested Incentive Securities, shall be forfeited for no consideration. 
 3.   Administration .  The Incentive Securities constituting the ninety percent (90%) or twenty-five percent (25%), as applicable, of Incentive Securities that cannot be transferred by a Management Stockholder pursuant to this Agreement shall be held, for such Management Stockholder s account, by Merrill Lynch in its capacity as the administrator of the Company s equity award programs, until the termination of this Agreement.  
 4.   Miscellaneous . 
 (a)   Termination of Agreement .  This Agreement and the Management Stockholder s obligations hereunder shall terminate and have no further force and effect upon a Change of Control (as defined in the applicable Restricted Stock Agreement). 
 (b)   Successor and Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of each of the Management Stockholders and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and representatives. 
 (c)   Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  
   (d)   Severability .  Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if  
 - 27 - 

such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had   never been contained herein.  
 (e)   Amendments .  This Agreement may not be modified, amended or supplement except in writing signed by each of the parties hereto. 
 (f)   Governing Law .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law of the State of Delaware. 

- 28 - 

Exhibit C  

LOCK UP AGREEMENT (the   Agreement  ), dated as of March 18, 2009 among NewStar Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the   Company  ) and the management stockholders signatory hereto (the   Management Stockholders   and each a   Management Stockholder  ). 
 WHEREAS, on the date hereof each of the Management Stockholders has been granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (  Options  ), and as a condition to such grant, the Compensation Committee of the Company has imposed certain restrictions on the transfer of the proceeds of the Options upon exercise; 
   
 WHEREAS, each of the Management Stockholders is bound by the terms of a covenant not to compete and a covenant not to solicit as set forth in the Management Stockholder s applicable Employment Agreement (the   Restrictive Covenants        
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and for other good and valuable consideration given to each party hereto, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 1.   Definitions .   
 (a)      Proceeds    means proceeds received from an exercise of all or a portion of Options at the time of such exercise, net of all taxes.  
 (b)    Restricted Period   means the period from the date hereof until the date one year after the date of termination of employment of the Management Stockholder.  
 (c)      Transfer    means to sell, assign, dispose of, exchange, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise transfer, whether directly or indirectly, or agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.  
 2.   Prohibited Transfers .   
 (a)   During the Restricted Period, each Management Stockholder shall not Transfer more than fifty percent (50%) of the Proceeds from Options exercised by such Management Stockholder during such period (the   Restricted Proceeds  ).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this agreement shall limit a Management Stockholder s ability to Transfer the Transferable Proceeds.  For purposes of this agreement, the remaining 50% of Proceeds from Options exercised by such Management Stockholder during such period that may be Transferred shall be referred to as the   Transferable Proceeds  .   
   (b) In connection with the termination of such Management Stockholder s employment with the Company, such Management Stockholder hereby agrees that, if the Board of Directors of   
 - 29 - 

the C  ompany, in its sole discretion, at any time during the Restricted Period and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, determines that the Management Stockholder has violated or breached the Restrictive Covenants at any time prior to the expiration of t  he Restricted Period, then all of such Management Stockholder s Restricted Proceeds shall be forfeited for no consideration.  
 3.   Administration .  The Restricted Proceeds that cannot be Transferred by a Management Stockholder pursuant to this Agreement shall be held, for such Management Stockholder s account, by Merrill Lynch in its capacity as the administrator of the Company s equity award programs, until the termination of this Agreement.  
 4.   Miscellaneous . 
 (a)   Termination of Agreement .  This Agreement and the Management Stockholder s obligations hereunder shall terminate and have no further force and effect with respect to each Management Stockholder upon the earlier of (i) ninety (90) days after such Management Stockholder s Restricted Period ends, or (ii) upon a Change of Control (as defined in the applicable Management Stockholder s Employment Agreement). 
 (b)   Successor and Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of each of the Management Stockholders and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and representatives. 
 (c)   Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  
 (d)   Severability .  Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein. 
 (e)   Amendments .  This Agreement may not be modified, amended or supplement except in writing signed by each of the parties hereto. 
 (f)   Governing Law .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law of the State of Delaware. 

- 30 - 

Exhibit D  

- 31 -  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 news-ex102_149.htm
 EX-10.2

news-ex102_149.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
 EARLY RETIREMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
 This Early Retirement Agreement and General Release ( Agreement ) is made by and between NewStar Financial, Inc., on behalf of itself and all of its predecessors, successors and affiliated entities (collectively,  NewStar  or the  Company ), and John J. Frishkopf, on behalf of himself, his  executors, heirs, administrators, agents, attorneys, administrators, beneficiaries and assigns (collectively,  Frishkopf ).  In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, NewStar and Frishkopf agree as follows: 

1.   
 
  Early Retirement .  Frishkopf shall retire early from NewStar effective as of September 30, 2016 (the  Retirement Date ). Except as expressly modified by this Agreement, the Employment Agreement between NewStar and Frishkopf dated October 9, 2015 ( Employment Agreement ), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit A, shall continue to govern the terms and conditions of Frishkopf s employment with NewStar until and after Frishkopf s Retirement Date pursuant to its terms.     

2.   
 
  Separation Benefits .  Provided that Frishkopf remains an employee of NewStar  in Good Standing as defined below through the Retirement Date, and provided further that Frishkopf executes this Agreement prior to August 3, 2016 (and does not, and may no longer, revoke this Agreement), the parties agree that Frishkopf s separation from the Company is mutually agreed and that Frishkopf shall be eligible for the following payments and benefits:    

(d)   
 
 One year of NewStar paid family health and dental care premiums and the associated health reimbursement account coverage covered under COBRA assuming timely acceptance of COBRA;    

(e)   
 
 Continued vesting of all outstanding restricted stock and cash units until fully vested.    

The cash payment from (a) to (c) tota  ling $1,487,500 will be paid in installments of (1) $743,750 paid 6 months and one day following his  separation of service  within the meaning of Section 409A as Frishkopf is a  specified employee  under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,   as amended, and therefor payments shall begin after the waiting period; and (2) $61,979 semi-monthly for 6 months following the 6 month and one day waiting period.  Payments will be made by direct deposit unless instructed otherwise. Good Standing for purp  oses on this Agreement means that Frishkopf carries out his responsibilities, complies with all Company policies and procedures, is available whenever reasonably requested by the CEO, CFO, or the Board of Directors, and   provides all assistance reasonably   requested to transition his responsibilities prior to his Retirement Date. Frishkopf may work part-time and outside of the office during this time so long as his job duties are performed by himself or transitioned to a successor.  

1.   
 
  General Release .  Except with respect to any rights, obligations or duties arising out of this Agreement, and in consideration of the payments and benefits set forth in this Agreement, Frishkopf hereby releases and discharges NewStar and anyone acting by, through or on behalf of NewStar, including but not limited NewStar s directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents (collectively, the  Releasees ), to the fullest extent permitted by law, of and from any and all complaints, charges, lawsuits or claims for relief of any kind by Frishkopf that Frishkopf   now has, ever had or ever may have against the Releasees, or any of them, whether known or unknown, arising out of any matter or thing that has happened before the signing of this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) claims for tort or contract; (ii) claims arising out of, based on, or connected with Frishkopf s   employment, including terms and conditions of employment, by NewStar and the cessation of that employment; and (iii) claims arising under any federal, state or local labor, employment or discrimination laws, including but not limited to the following (all as amended): Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ( ADEA ), the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ), the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Act (G.L. c. 151B), the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act, the Massachusetts Wage Act, and any other local, state or federal law, policy, order, regulation or guideline affecting or relating to claims or rights of employees.  The release contained herein is a GENERAL RELEASE, including of statutory claims.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude Frishkopf   from participating or cooperating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other local, state or federal administrative agency, including with respect to a challenge to this General Release.  However, in the event that a charge or complaint is filed against the Releasees, or any of them, with any administrative agency or in the event of an authorized investigation, charge or lawsuit filed against the Releasees by any administrative agency, Frishkopf expressly waives and shall not accept any award or damages therefrom. Notwithstanding the above, Frishkopf is not releasing his rights to vested benefits, rights to indemnification and defense under his Employment Agreement and/or any D O policy of NewStar, nor is he releasing any rights he has under the equity agreements he has executed.           

 - 2 - 

2.   
 
        Continuation of Prior Covenants  .  Frishkopf acknowledges and agrees that, following the Retirement   Date, he will remain bound by the terms of the Employment Agreement to the extent that such terms survive the cessation of Frishkopf s employment under the Employment Agreement, including the covenants contained in Sections 8 (Confidentiality) and 9 (Restr  ictive Covenants) and all related enforcement provisions.   However, notwithstanding the language herein, Frishkopf s non-solicit obligation in the Employment Agreement and his Lock-Up Agreements as defined below is herein reduced from two years to one yea  r following his Retirement Date.      

 During the Restricted Period and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, Frishkopf s obligations under Lock-Up Agreements by and between NewStar and Frishkopf dated December 13, 2006 and March 18, 2009 respectively (together, the  Lock-Up Agreements,  copies of which are attached as Exhibits B and C) remain in effect, except as stated in paragraph 4 herein. Specifically, in accordance with the Lock-Up Agreement dated December 13, 2006, during the Restricted Period and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, Frishkopf shall hold and not transfer 31,286 shares, which represents twenty-five percent (25%) of Vested Incentive Securities subject to lock-up under the Lock-Up Agreement (the  Restricted Securities ). In accordance with the Lock-Up Agreement dated March 18, 2009, during the Restricted Period and for a period of 90 days thereafter, Frishkopf shall not transfer more than fifty percent (50%) of the proceeds from the exercise of any options granted on March 18, 2009 priced at $2.76 (the  Restricted Proceeds ), totaling 38,965 shares. The foregoing results in an aggregate of 70,251 NewStar shares being restricted from transfer under the Lock-Up Agreements. As used herein, the term  Restricted Period  shall have the meaning given to such term in the Lock-Up Agreements. 
 The Restricted Securities and Restricted Proceeds shall be held, in Frishkopf s name, by Merrill Lynch in its capacity as the administrator of the Company s equity award programs, until 90 days following the date the Restricted Period expires. If the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time during the Restricted Period and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, determines that Frishkopf has violated or breached the Restrictive Covenants (as defined in the Lock-Up Agreements and modified in Section 4 of this Agreement) at any time prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, then all of such Restricted Securities and Restricted Proceeds, as of the date of breach shall be forfeited for no consideration. 

1.   
 
  Business Consultation . For one (1) year following the Retirement Date, Frishkopf will be available to provide his consultation and guidance on specific business decisions at the reasonable request of the Chief Executive Officer or the succeeding Treasurer, for no additional consideration. Such consultations will be limited to a maximum amount of time of two (2) hours per week and will be provided access to NewStar information as needed without violating this Agreement.    

2.   
 
  Employment and Reporting Status . As of Frishkopf s Retirement Date, Frishkopf will no longer (a) be deemed a  Section 16 Officer  or a  Key Employee  under the Company s Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy or (b) be otherwise subject to the Company s Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy or share ownership guidelines.     

 - 3 - 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Frishkopf acknowledges that (a) the federal securities laws prohibit the purchase or sale of any securities of the Company on the basis of m  aterial, non-public information about such securities or the Company, and (b) Section 16 under the Securities Exchange Act may impose certain reporting or other requirements with respect to a transaction in the Company s securities following the cessation   of director or officer status, if the transaction is executed within a period of not less than six months of an opposite transaction subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and if the transaction is not otherwise exempted from Section 16(b) of the Exchan  ge Act.          

3.   
 
  No Pending Claims; Non-admissions .  Frishkopf represents and warrants that he has not filed any complaints, charges, or claims for relief against the Releasees, or any one of them, with any local, state or federal court or administrative agency, any professional or regulatory board, or any other agency or entity.  Frishkopf further warrants that he has not previously assigned or transferred any of the claims that are the subject of the General Release contained in this Agreement.        

 It is further understood and agreed that this Agreement does not constitute any admission by NewStar that any action taken with respect to Frishkopf was unlawful or wrongful, or that any action by it constituted a breach of contract or violated any federal, state or local law, policy, rule or regulation.   

4.   
 
  Return of Property .  Within two business days after the Retirement Date, Frishkopf shall:    

(a)   
 
 return all property belonging to NewStar, including but not limited to computers, papers, files, documents, reference guides, equipment, keys, access key tag/card, identification cards, credit cards, software, computer access codes, data storage, supplies and institutional manuals. Frishkopf shall not retain any copies, summaries, reproductions or excerpts of any of the foregoing, whether in hardcopy or electronic format, and further;    

(b)   
 
 to the extent Frishkopf has stored any NewStar property on any personal home computer(s) or other personal electronic storage device(s), Frishkopf shall first forward a copy of any such property by email to Jennifer Muldoon (jmuldoon@newstarfin.com) and then shall to the best of his knowledge delete all NewStar property from any personal home computer(s) and any other personal electronic storage device(s) within two business days. If NewStar property is located at a later date, Frishkopf will delete the material immediately.    

5.   
 
  Non-disparagement .  Frishkopf agrees not to disparage or make negative statements about NewStar or any of NewStar s officers, directors, employees, or programs.   Nothing in this Agreement shall bar Frishkopf or NewStar from providing truthful testimony in any legal proceeding, or in responding to any request from any governmental agency, or as required by law, or by court order or other legal process.      

6.   
 
  Breach .  Frishkopf acknowledges that any material breach of this Agreement and/or the Employment Agreement may cause irreparable damage to NewStar and that in the event of such breach, NewStar shall be entitled, in addition to monetary damages and to any     

 - 4 - 

other r  emedies available to NewStar under this Agreement and/or the Employment Agreement and at law, to equitable relief, including injunctive relief.  In the event that Frishkopf institutes legal proceedings to enforce this Agreement or the Employment Agreement,   Frishkopf agrees that the sole remedy available to Frishkopf shall be enforcement of the terms of this Agreement or the Employment Agreement and/or a claim for damages resulting from the breach of this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, but that under   no circumstances shall Frishkopf be entitled to receive or collect any damages for claims that Frishkopf has released under this Agreement.         

7.   
 
  Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of NewStar and Frishkopf and their respective successors and assigns. If Frishkopf dies before receiving the payments stated herein, the remaining payments will be paid to his estate.     

8.   
 
  Severability .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be excessively broad, it shall be reformed and construed by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.  Should any part, term or provision of this Agreement be determined by any tribunal, administrative agency or court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, even after all attempts at reformation or construction have been exhausted as provided in the prior sentence, the validity of the remaining parts, terms or provisions shall not be affected thereby, and the illegal, invalid or unenforceable part, term or provision shall be deemed not to be part of this Agreement.    

9.   
 
  Entire Agreement .  This Agreement, including its attached exhibits, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties about or relating to the cessation of Frishkopf s employment with NewStar, or NewStar s obligations to Frishkopf with respect to Frishkopf s cessation of employment, and fully supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous agreements or understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, except that the Employment Agreement shall remain in effect as set forth  above, and the terms of the applicable grant documents and plan documents for any stock options or other equity rights shall remain in effect unless amended in this Agreement.  The terms of this Agreement are contractual in nature and not a mere recital, and they shall take effect as a sealed document.  This Agreement may be changed or amended only by agreement in writing signed by both parties.      

10.   
 
  Time to Consider Agreement; Revocation .      

(a)   
 
 Frishkopf acknowledges that he has been advised in writing to, and has been given the opportunity to, consult an attorney of his choice before signing this Agreement.    

(b)   
 
 For the convenience of the parties, facsimile and pdf signatures shall be accepted as originals.    

(c)   
 
 Frishkopf further acknowledges that he may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days of signing it, provided that this Agreement will not become effective until such seven day period has expired.  To be effective, any such revocation     

 - 5 - 

must be in writing and delivered to NewStar s principal office, to the attention of Jennifer Muldoon, by close of bus  iness on the seventh day after signing and must expressly state Frishkopf s intention to revoke the Agreement.  The eighth day following Frishkopf s execution hereof shall be deemed the  Effective Date  of this Agreement.     

11.   
 
  Representations .  Frishkopf acknowledges that the benefits afforded to him under the terms of this Agreement exceed any legal obligation of NewStar and provide valid consideration for the General Release contained in this Agreement, and the parties attest that no other representations were made regarding this Agreement other than those contained herein.    

12.   
 
  Choice of Law .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.  The parties hereby expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Massachusetts for any lawsuit permitted to be filed arising from or relating to this Agreement and expressly waive any and all objections to venue, including, without limitation, the inconvenience of such forum.    

13.   
 
  409A ;  The parties agree that to the best of their knowledge this Agreement is in compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 409A ) and any Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder.    

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NewStar and Frishkopf have duly executed this Agreement as of the dates written below. 

NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ TIMOTHY J. CONWAY  

Name: Timothy J. Conway  

Title:  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  

JOHN J. FRISHKOPF   

/s/ JOHN J. FRISHKOPF  

Date:  August 3, 2016  

- 6 - 

Exhibit A  
   
     RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT of   JOHN J. FRISHKOPF 
     EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT     (this  Agreement   ), dated as of October 9, 2015 (the  Effective Date ), between NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and John J. Frishkopf ( Executive ).   This Agreement fully supersedes the Employment Agreement that Executive executed on October 9, 2013.   
   In consideration of the mutual agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration given by each party to this Agreement to the other, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company agrees to employ Executive and Executive agrees to serve the Company as an employee pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions that follow. 

1.   
 
    Employment  .       

(a)   
 
    The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date.       

(b)   
 
                    Executive s employment with the Company shall cont  inue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until the   third (3rd) anniversary of   the Effective Date and thereafter shall automatically renew for one additional one (1) year period unless a notice of intent not to r  enew shall be delivered in accordance with Section 17 by either the Company or Executive, as the case may be, at least ninety (90) days prior to the   third (3rd) anniversary date, provided that either party may make any renewal contingent upon the parties    agreement to add to, delete, or modify the terms of this Agreement by providing a notice to the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the   third (3rd) anniversary date.  The parties shall have a 30-day window to agree to any additional, deleted or   modified terms and, if no agreement can be reached, then the initial contingent notice of renewal shall be deemed a notice of non-renewal unless the parties agree otherwise.  The term of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall be referred to as the  Term.        

(c)   
 
    In the event that this Agreement expires, whether as a result of non-renewal or as a result of the end of the one-year renewal, Executive shall revert to being an at-will employee of the Company, subject to the terms of Sections 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement and any related enforcement provisions, and provided that nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either party from terminating this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 at any time prior to the expiration of the Term.        

(d)   
 
    Executive represents to the Company that he has no present intention to terminate employment with the Company.     

2.   
 
                  Duties  .  During the Term, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis as Managing Director, Head of Asset Management for the Company.  Executive s duties and   responsibilities as Managing Director, Head of Asset Management of the Company shall include those duties customarily associated with an officer with a similar title or as may be assigned to him from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Compa  ny.  Executive shall be assigned to work primarily out of the Company s Boston, MA       office or any other Company office that is or will be located within     20   miles thereof (the  Primary Office Location ), it being understood and agreed that Executive shall be   required to travel as necessary in the course of his employment.  Executive shall devote his full business-time attention and energies and use his best efforts in his employment with the Company; provided, however, that this Agreement shall not be interpr      eted as prohibiting Executive from     managing his personal affairs or engaging in charitable or civic activities;   so long as, in each case, such activities do not interfere in any material respect with the performance of Executive's duties and responsibiliti  es hereunder and are in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Company.     

3.   
 
        Compensation and Benefits    .  In consideration of entering into this Agreement and as full compensation for Executive s services hereunder, during the   Term, Executive shall receive the following compensation and benefits:     

(a)   
 
      Base Salary  .  The Company shall pay to Executive a base salary (   Base Salary   ) at a gross rate of $350,000 per annum, payable in substantially equal installments in accordance with the payroll policies   from time to time in effect at the Company.  Executive s Base Salary may be subject to increase (but shall not be subject to decrease) on an annual basis as the Board of Directors shall determine.       

(b)   
 
          Incentive Bonuses    .  Executive shall be   eligible to p  articipate in such annual incentive bonus programs as the Board of Directors may adopt from time to time for members of senior management of the Company ( Incentive Bonus ).  The Company will establish a target for the Incentive Bonus for the Executive at the beginning of each year ( Target Incentive Bonus ), provided that for each year of the Term the Target Incentive Bonus will not be below the 2015 Target Incentive Bonus of $625,000, and provided that if the Company does not establish a Target Incentive Bonus within 30 days of the start of the year, the Target Incentive Bonus shall be set automatically at the same amount as the last Company-established Target Incentive Bonus.  The Target Incentive Bonus is not a guarantee. Actual Incentive Bonus payments, if any, will be determined by the Company in its sole discretion and based on Company, business and individual performance, and the actual Incentive Bonus paid, if any, may include a mix of current-year cash compensation, deferred cash compensation and/or equity compensation in the Company s sole discretion.       

(c)   
 
    Vacation  .  Executive shall be entitled to accrue up to five (5) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year.  Vacation time will accrue in accordance with the usual vacation policies in effect at the Company from time to time, provided that notwithstanding anything in any Company policy to the contrary, Executive shall not be permitted to carry over any accrued but unused vacation time from one calendar year to the next; any accrued but unused vacation time at the end of a calendar year shall be forfeited.       

 - 8 - 

(d)   
 
        Parking  .  The Company shall pay the costs of monthly automobile parking for Executive at Executive s Primary Office Location.     

(e)   
 
            Other Benefits  .  Executive shall participate in and be eligible to receive, but without duplication, all other benefits (i.e., benefits other than those of the types covered in Sections 3(a) - (d)) offered to senior executives of the Company, including, without limitati  on, retirement income   and health   plans and   other health and welfare plans,  under and in accordance with the provisions of any employee benefit plan adopted or to be adopted by the Company (collectively, the  Benefit Plans ) other than any severance benefits offered to senior executives in accordance with any such plan.  Except as set forth herein, Executive shall not be entitled to any other benefits.     

4.   
 
          Equity Holdback  .  During the Term, Executive shall be required to own Company stock in an aggregate     then-current fair market value equal to Executive s then-current Base Salary multiplied by   two (the  Ownership Level ).       

(a)   
 
    Stock Eligible for Holdback  .  To satisfy his obligations under this Section, the following forms of Company stock shall be considered:     

(i)   
 
    All vested and unvested shares awarded under the Company s Equity Incentive Award Plan (the  Plan ), including restricted stock and performance shares but not including any vested but unexercised stock options;     

(ii)   
 
    All stock beneficially owned by Executive and Executive s spouse; and     

(iii)   
 
    All stock held by any of Executive s estate planning vehicles.     

(b)   
 
        Certification of Holdback  .  For purposes of calculating compliance with the Ownership Level, Executive s Base Salary and the fair market value o  f the Company s stock shall be measured once per calendar year at such time as the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors may direct  , but in any event no later than December 1 of each calendar year, beginning in 2014.  Executive shall certify to the Company s Head of Human Resources once per calendar year whether the Ownership Level required under this Section has been satisfied, and Executive shall provide such documentation as may reasonably be requested to allow the Head of Human Resources to confirm such certification.      

(c)   
 
    Insufficient Awards of Stock  .  If Executive has not been granted or has not vested sufficient stock to meet the Ownership Level, then all shares resulting from the vesting of any restricted stock award under the Plan shall be subject to the holdback described in this Section until such time as the value of all of Executive s shares eligible for the holdback exceeds the Ownership Level.       

(d)   
 
    Exceptions  .  The Ownership Level requirements set forth in this Section are subject to such exceptions as the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors may grant in its sole discretion if compliance with this Section would create a severe hardship for Executive or would prevent Executive from complying with a court order (e.g., as part of a divorce settlement).       

 - 9 - 

5.   
 
        Reimbursement for Expenses  .  During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to incur on behalf of the Company reasonable and necessary expenses in connection with his duties in accordance with Company s policies and the Com  pany shall pay for or reimburse Executive for all such expenses upon presentation of proper receipts therefore.  Executive shall comply with such reasonable limitations and reporting requirements with respect to such expenses as the Company may establish f  rom time to time.      

6.   
 
    Termination  .  Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated at any time during the Term as follows (each, a  Termination Event ):     

(a)   
 
        Automatically in the event of the death of Executive.     

(b)   
 
    At the option of the Company, by the Board of Directors (acting through the Chairman or Secretary) or by written notice to Executive in the event of the Permanent Disability of Executive.  As used herein, the term  Permanent Disability  shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which renders Executive unable, with or without a reasonable accommodation, to render the services required hereunder (A) for one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve (12) month period or (B) for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days.     

(c)   
 
    At the option of the Company for Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall have  Cause  to terminate Executive s employment if any of the following occurs:       

(i)   
 
            Executive continuously fails to perform substantially Executive s duties with the Compan  y or one of its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness), after a written demand for substantial   conformance is delivered to Executive by the Board of Directors, which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Executive has not substantially performed Executive s duties, or      

(ii)   
 
            Executive   engages in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is injurious to the Company or its affiliates, whether from a monetar  y perspective or otherwise, or      

(iii)   
 
          Executive is convicted of, or pleads guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony   or any other crime involving moral turpitude, or     

(iv)   
 
    Executive materially breaches his obligations under Section 8 or Section 9 hereof, or     

(v)   
 
    Executive materially violates his obligations under Section 4 hereof.     

             Executive cannot be terminated for  Cause    as defined in (i), (iv), or (v)   unless the Company   first has notified Executive in writing that his employment is being terminated for Cause which notice shall specify the Cause event and Executive is given an opportunity, at least 30 days after receipt of such written notice from the Company, to make a presentation to the Chief Executive Officer that Executive should not be terminated for Cause.   
 - 10 - 

(d)   
 
        At the option of the Company at any time without Cause.      

(e)   
 
    At the option of Executive for Good Reason.  For purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall have  Good Reason  to terminate this Agreement if any of the following occurs without the written consent of Executive (each a  Good Reason Condition ):     

(i)   
 
        a reduction in Executive s annual Base Salary from such Executive s annual Base Salary then in effect;      

(ii)   
 
              a forced relocation by the Company of Executive from the Primary Office Location   to a location greater than   twenty   (  20) miles from his Primary Office Location.       

   Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order for Good Reason to occur, Executive must reasonably determine in good faith that a Good Reason Condition has occurred, Executive must provide written notice to the Board of Directors of the occurrence of the Good Reason Condition within 45 days of the initial occurrence of such condition, Executive must cooperate in good faith with the Company s efforts, for a period not less than 30 days following such notice (the  Cure Period ), to remedy the Good Reason Condition, notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason Condition must continue to exist, and Executive must provide the Company with written notice of termination which establishes a termination date within 30 days after the end of the Cure Period.  If the Company cures the Good Reason Condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred. 

(f)   
 
    At the option of Executive, at any time, for any reason, on ninety (90) days prior written notice to the Company.      

(g)   
 
          At the option of Executive upon Retirement.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Retirement  shall mean when Executive is fifty-five (55) years of age or older, Executive has completed at least   five (5) years of service with the Company, and Executive provides at least ninety (90) days advance written notice of his intent to retire.     

(a)   
 
    Death  .  If the Termination Event is due to Executive s death, Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive, as soon as practicable following the date of termination:     

(i)   
 
    any accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination and any accrued and unpaid vacation pay or other benefits which may be owing in accordance with the Company policies and applicable law (the  Accrued Obligations ), plus      

 - 11 - 

(ii)   
 
                      an amount equal to the     Target Incentive Bonus in respect of the then-current year    , pro-rated for the period from the beginning of the then     current         year and ending on the date of termination    , payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the date of termination (the  Pro Rated Bonus   ), plus     

(iii)   
 
          acceleration of vesting and exercisability of all equity   and deferred cash incentive awards (the  Incentive  Equity ) issued to Executive under the Plan. For purposes of this Agreement,  vesting  shall mean, in the case of any restricted stock issued under the Plan, ceasing to be subject to forfeiture, and payment dates of any deferred cash awards granted under the Plan are not accelerated as a result of the application of any such vesting acceleration provision of this Agreement, plus     

(iv)   
 
    a period of the lesser of (A) two (2) years following the date of termination or (B) the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options.     

(b)   
 
    Permanent Disability  .  If the Termination Event is due to Executive s Permanent Disability, Executive or his legal representatives shall be entitled to receive, as soon as practicable following the date of termination:     

(i)   
 
       Any Accrued Obligations, plus     

(ii)   
 
           the Pro Rated Bonus, plus    

(iii)   
 
 acceleration of vesting and exercisability of all Incentive Equity, plus    

(iv)   
 
   a period of the lesser of (A) one (1) year following the date of termination or (B) the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options.    

(c)   
 
    Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason  .  If the Termination Event is termination by the Company at any time during the Term without Cause or by Executive at any time during the Term for Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to:     

(i)   
 
    any Accrued Obligations, plus     

(ii)   
 
      an amount equal to the Incentive Bonus paid or earned but unpaid to Executive in respect of the previous year, pro-rated for the period from the beginning of the then current   year and ending on the date of termination, payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable after the date of termination, plus     

(iii)   
 
    the Base Salary (which shall be the Base Salary as of the date of termination) during the Severance Period (as defined in Section 7(g)), payable in accordance with the payroll practices then in effect at the Company, plus     

 - 12 - 

(iv)   
 
              an amount equal to   two (2) times the Incentive Bonus paid or earned but unpaid to Executive in respect of the previous year, payab  le as soon as practicable following the date of termination, plus     

(v)   
 
  the continuation of all health benefits during the Severance Period at the same cost to Executive as though Executive continued his employment with the Company, plus     

(vi)   
 
    the continued vesting and exercisability of all Incentive Equity, plus     

(vii)   
 
    a period equal to the full length of the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options     

(d)   
 
                                      Termination for Cause or Voluntary Termination by Executive  .  If the Termination Event is termination by the Company for Cause pursuant to Section 6(c) or termination by Executive pursuant to Section 6(f), except for any Accrued Obligations, Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance or any othe  r compensation or benefits after the last date of e  mployment with the Company. If the   termination is a Voluntary Termination   by Executive  , all of the Incentive Equity that is unvested as of the date of termination shall be forfeited for no consideration an  d   Executive shall have the lesser of (  i  ) one (1) year following the date of termination or (    ii) the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options.  If the     termination is for Cause, all of the Incentive Eq    uity that is unvested as of the date of termination   shall be forfeited for no consideration and, in the Company s sole discretion, Executive may be granted the lesser of (i) one (1) year following the date of termination or (ii) the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options.       

(e)   
 
    Termination Upon Retirement  .  If the Termination Event is due to the Retirement of Executive, Executive shall be entitled to receive, as soon as practicable following the date of termination:     

(i)   
 
    any Accrued Obligations, plus      

(ii)   
 
      an amount equal to the Incentive Bonus paid or earned but unpaid to Executive in respect of the previous year, pro-rated for the period from the beginning of the then current   year and ending on the date of termination, payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the date of such termination, but only if Executive retires effective as of the expiration of the Term of this Agreement, plus     

(iii)   
 
  continued vesting all Incentive Equity, plus     

(i  v)   
 
    a period equal to the full length of the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options;     

 - 13 - 

(f)   
 
        Change of Control  .      

(i)   
 
    Special Payment  .  If, at any time during the two (2) year period following a Change of Control (as defined in Section 7(f)(ii)), Executive's employment is terminated without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, then instead of the payment set forth in subsection 7(c) Executive will receive:     

(1)   
 
    Any Accrued Obligations, plus     

(2)   
 
    an amount equal to two (2) times the Base Salary (which shall be the Base Salary as of the date of termination), payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the date of termination, plus      

(3)   
 
    the Pro Rated Bonus, plus      

(4)   
 
        an amount equal to two   (2) times the   Target Incentive Bonus  in respect of the then-current year, payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the date of termination, plus      

(5)   
 
    the continuation of all health benefits during the Severance Period, plus      

(6)   
 
    acceleration of vesting and exercisability of all Incentive Equity, plus      

(7)   
 
    a period equal to the full length of the remaining term (as set forth in the applicable grant notice) to exercise any vested stock options;      

(ii)   
 
    Change of Control Defined  .  For purposes of this Section, the term    Change of Control    shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events:      

(1)   
 
    the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity in which holders of the Company s voting securities immediately prior to such merger or consolidation will not, directly or indirectly, continue to hold at least a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company;     

(2)   
 
    a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a related series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the Company s assets;     

 - 14 - 

(3)   
 
        the acquisition by any person or any group of persons, acting together in any transaction or related series of transactions, of such quantity of   the Company s voting securities as causes such person, or group of persons, to own beneficially, directly or indirectly, as of the time immediately after such transaction or series of transactions, 50% or more of the combined voting power of the voting se  curities of the Company other than as a result of      

(A)   
 
    an acquisition of securities directly from the Company or      

(B)   
 
    an acquisition of securities by the Company which by reducing the voting securities outstanding increases the proportionate voting power represented by the voting securities owned by any such person or group of persons to 50% or more of the combined voting power of such voting securities; or     

(4)   
 
    a change in the composition of the Board of Directors within a two (2) year period such that a majority of the members of the Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors.  As used herein, the term  Continuing Directors  shall mean as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Company who      

(A)   
 
    was a member of Board of Directors of the Company immediately after the Effective Date of this Agreement, or      

(B)   
 
    was nominated for election or elected to the Company s Board of Directors with the approval of, or whose election to the Board of Directors was ratified by, at least a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Company s Board of Directors at the time of that nomination or election;     

        provided ,  however , (i) that each such event shall also constitute a  change in control event  within the meaning of   Treas. Reg.   1.409A-3(i)(5)(i) and (ii) that in no case shall   the public offering and sale of the Company s Common Stock by its stockholders pursuant to a registered secondary offering or the voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy of the Company constitute a Change of Control. 

(g)   
 
    Severance Period Defined  .  For purposes of this Agreement,  Severance Period  shall mean the period beginning on the date of termination of Executive s employment and ending on the date which is two (2) years thereafter.     

(h)   
 
            Condition to Payment  .  All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 7 which are not otherwise required by law shall be contingent upon (i)  delivery by Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate), within 60 days of the effective date of termination, of an irrevocable separation agreement in such form as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, including a general release of all claims to the maximum extent permitted by law against the Company, its affiliates      

 - 15 - 

and its and their current     and former stockholders, directors, employees and agents     (in substantially the form attached as Exhibit A)     and (ii) compliance by Executive with his obligations under any     stockholder  , restricted stock or other agreement to which the Company and Executive   are a party; and further provided that if the 60 day period in clause (i) spans two calendar years, then no payment shall begin prior to January 1 of such second calendar year.     

(i)   
 
    No Other Severance  .  Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Section 7, upon termination, Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise.     

8.   
 
    Confidentiality  .       

(a)   
 
      Executive agrees that Confidential Information was and shall be made available in connection with Executive s employment by or consultancy with the Company.  Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information that he develops or invents in connection with his employment by the Company or has obtained or will obtain in connection therewith is the property of the Company.  Executive agrees that he will not use any Confidential Information for his own benefit or for the benefit or any other person or entity or disclose any Confidential Information to any other person, except that Confidential Information may be disclosed: (i) to the extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation (including complying with any oral or written questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process to which Executive is subject);   provided   that Executive gives the Company prompt notice of such requests, to the extent practicable, so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order or similar relief (and Executive shall cooperate with such efforts by the Company at the Company s expense, and shall in any event make only the minimum disclosure required by such law, rule or regulation unless Executive reasonably believes that other disclosure is necessary or advisable in order to avoid adverse consequences to Executive), (ii) if the prior written consent of the Board of Directors shall have been obtained, or (iii) to such Persons to the ex  tent necessary in the reasonable judgment of Executive to perform his duties as an employee of the Company and, in his reasonable judgment, such disclosure is not harmful to the Company.     

(b)   
 
       Confidential Information    shall mean any information relating to the business or affairs of the Company or, as provided below, any of its affiliates, including, but not limited to, customer identities, potential customers, employees, business and financial strategies, methods or practices, business plans, financial models, proposals, documents or materials owned, developed or possessed by the Company, profit margins or other proprietary information used by the Company or any of its affiliates;   provided     that   Confidential Information shall not include (i) information that is or becomes generally known to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive in violation of this Agreement, (ii) information that was known to Executive prior to becoming an employee of the Company or (iii) information which becomes known to Executive following a Termination Event, through no wrongful act of Executive, by disclosure from a third party unless Executive has reason to      

 - 16 - 

believe that such third party is under an obligation or duty of confidentiality or secrecy with respect to   such information or is an employee, officer, director or stockholder of the Company; and   provided  ,   further  , that (A) in such case where any affiliate has a separate confidentiality requirement or agreement to which the Company is subject, such confidentia  lity requirement or agreement shall supersede the requirements herein and (B) unless a confidentiality requirement or agreement referred to in the preceding clause (A) exists with respect to an affiliate, Confidential Information for purposes of this defin  ition as it relates to affiliates shall be deemed to include only Confidential Information of affiliates, the employees or consultants of which, are participants or observers at meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company.     

9.   
 
    Restrictive Covenants  .     

(  a)   
 
    During the Term and for a period of two (2) years following the cessation of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason (whether initiated by the Company or by Executive, and whether during or following the expiration of the Term of this Agreement), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly      

(i)   
 
    cause, solicit, induce or encourage any employees, consultants or contractors of the Company to leave such employment or service, or hire, employ or otherwise engage any such individual, or      

(ii)   
 
    cause, induce or encourage any customer, supplier or licensor of the Company, or any other Person who has a material business relationship with the Company, to terminate or modify any such relationship.     

(b)   
 
    During the Term and for a period of one (1) years following cessation of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason (whether initiated by the Company or by Executive, and whether during or following the expiration of the Term of this Agreement) Executive shall not, directly or indirectly alone or as a partner, officer, director, shareholder, member, sole proprietor, employee or consultant of any other firm or entity, personally engage or participate in any Restricted Business, as such term is defined below, as a material portion of his responsibilities.      

(c)   
 
    The parties hereto agree that, if any court of competent jurisdiction in a final nonappealable judgment determines that a specified time period, a specified business limitation or any other relevant feature of this Section 9 is unreasonable, arbitrary or against public policy, then a lesser time period, business limitation or other relevant feature which is determined to be reasonable, not arbitrary and not against public policy may be enforced against the applicable party.     

(d)   
 
       Restricted Business    shall mean any of the following:      

(i)   
 
    the business of directly extending senior loans to middle-market companies as targeted by the Company at the effective date of Executive s cessation of employment with the Company;     

 - 17 - 

(ii)   
 
        providing real estate f  inancing of the types offered by the Company at the effective date of the Executive s cessation of employment with the Company;     

(iii)   
 
              extending asset   based   loans or investing in asset   based securities with financial products of the types then offered by the Company at the effective date of Executive s cessation of employment with the Company; or     

(iv)   
 
          any other material line of business engaged in by the Company  , and in which Executive materially participated or obtained Confidential Information about, as of the effective date of Executive s cessation of employment with the Company.      

(e)   
 
            The Board of Directors   of the Company, or following a Change of Control the senior management team of the acquiring company, shall, in its sole discretion, have the authority   and discretion to waive any provision of this Section 9 or to make a  determination that a business is not a Restricted Business for purposes hereof.      

10.   
 
    Injunctive Relief  .  The parties acknowledge and agree that restrictions contained in Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the business and goodwill of the Company and are considered by Executive to be reasonable for such purpose.  Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach of Sections 8 or 9 will cause the Company substantial and irrevocable damage that is difficult to measure.  Therefore, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, Executive agrees that the Company, in addition to such other remedies which may be available, shall have the right to obtain an injunction from a court restraining such a breach or threatened breach and the right to specific performance of the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement and Executive hereby waives the adequacy of a remedy at law as a defense to such relief.      

11.   
 
            Survival; Conflicting Terms.      The provisions of Section   7,   Section 8 and Section 9, and all related enforcement provisions, shall survive any termination of this Agreement   and remain applicable according to their terms (whether under Section 6 or as a result of the expiration of the Term).  Section 7(f) shall survive a Change of Control regardless of whether this Agreement is terminated in connection with a Change of Control or expires by its terms following a Change of Control.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any Incentive Equity documentation, the terms of this Agreement regarding the Incentive Equity shall prevail.       

12.   
 
        Indemnification  .  If Executive is a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of   the fact that Executive is or was an officer or agent of the Company   (a  Proceeding ), the Company will indemnify Executive to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of the Company s incorporation, in effect at that time, or the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company, whichever affords the greater protection to Executive.       

13.   
 
    Advancement of Expenses  .  The Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, expenses incurred by Executive in connection with any Proceeding not initiated by the Executive, and such advancement shall be made within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding.  The Executive shall qualify for      

 - 18 - 

advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Executive undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) to the extent   that it is ultimately determined by the Company, in its sole discretion that Executive is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company.  No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement.  This Section 13 shall not   apply to any claim made by Executive for which indemnity is excluded by applicable law.     

14.   
 
  Withholding Taxes  .  Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company may directly or indirectly withhold from any payments under this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes that will be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation.     

15.   
 
    Section 409A  .    To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 409A ) and any Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date ( Section 409A Guidance ).  Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement to the contrary, (i) if, at the time of Executive s separation of service from the Company, Executive is a  specified employee  as defined in 409A Guidance and the deferral of the commencement of any payments or benefits otherwise payable hereunder as a result of such separation of service is necessary in order to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under 409A Guidance, then the Company will defer the commencement of the payment of any such payments or benefits hereunder (without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Executive) until the date that is six months following Executive s separation of service with the Company (or the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A), with any payments that otherwise would have been paid during the six-month period accumulating and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business day following the expiration of such six-month period and the remaining payments, if any, due after the six-month period following Executive s separation from service paid in accordance with the terms of the applicable provision of this Agreement and (ii) if any other payments of money or other benefits due to Executive hereunder could cause the application of an accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, the Company may (a) adopt such amendments to the Agreement, including amendments with retroactive effect, that the Company determines necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided by the Agreement and/or (b) take such other actions as the Company determines necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of 409A Guidance.  The Company shall consult with Executive in good faith regarding the implementation of this Section 15; provided that none of the Company, any of its affiliates, or any of their employees or representatives shall have any liability to Executive with respect thereto.  Each payment under this Agreement shall be designated as a  separate payment  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and all payments payable as soon as practicable following a date of termination will be paid prior to the 15 th  day of the third month following the date such payment becomes due hereunder.  To the extent any reimbursement or in-kind benefit due to Executive under this Agreement constitutes  deferred compensation  under Section 409A of the Code, any such reimbursement or in-kind benefit shall be paid to Executive in a manner consistent with Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv).       

 - 19 - 

16.   
 
        Effect of Prior Agreements  .  This Agreement     constitutes the sole and entire agreement and understanding between Executive and the Company with respect to the matters covered hereby and thereby, and there are no other   promises, agreements, representations, warranties or other statements between Executive and the Company in respect to such matters not expressly set forth in this Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandin  gs or other arrangements, whether written or oral, concerning the subject matter hereof, except that the terms of the Plan and any grant documents relating to any pre-existing Incentive Equity shall remain in full force and effect following Executive s exe  cution of this Agreement.     

17.   
 
    Notices  .  Any notice required, permitted, or desired to be given pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or served for all purposes when telecopied, when delivered by hand or received by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or by nationally reorganized overnight courier service addressed to the party to receive such notice at the following address or any other address substituted therefore by notice pursuant to these provisions:     

   If to the Company, at: 
   
   NewStar Financial, Inc. 
   500 Boylston Street 
       Suite 1250 
   Boston, MA 02116 
     Attention: Jennifer H. Muldoon 
   Facsimile: (617) 830-0010 
   
   If to Executive, at: 
         
 John J. Frishkopf 
     146 West Newton Street  
 Boston, MA 02118 

18.   
 
    Assignability  .  The obligations of Executive may not be delegated and Executive may not, without the Company s written consent thereto, assign, transfer, convey, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Agreement or any interest herein.  Any such      

 - 20 - 

attempted delegation or disposition shall be null and void and without effect.  The Company and Executive agree that this Agreement and all of the Company  rights and obligations hereunder may be assigned or transferred by the Company   to and may be assumed by and become binding upon and may inure to the benefit of any affiliate of or successor to the Company.  The term  successor  shall mean, with respect to the Company, any other corporation or other business entity which, by merger, c  onsolidation, purchase of the assets, or otherwise, acquires all or a material part of its assets.  Any assignment by either of the Company of its rights or obligations hereunder to any affiliate of or successor of the Company shall not be a termination of   employment for purposes of this Agreement.     

19.   
 
    Modification  .  This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in writing signed by the parties.  No term or condition of this Agreement will be deemed to have been waived except in writing by the party charged with waiver.  A waiver will operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and will not constitute a waiver for the future or act on anything other than that which is specifically waived.     

20.   
 
    Governing Law  .  This Agreement has been executed and delivered in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and its validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement will be governed by the laws of that state applicable to contacts made and to be performed entirely within that state.     

21.   
 
    Severability  .  All provisions of this Agreement are intended to be severable.  In the event any provision or restriction contained herein is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, in whole or in part, such finding will in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.  The parties hereto further agree that any such invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it will be enforced to the greatest extent permissible under law, and to the extent that any court of competent jurisdiction determines any restriction herein to be unreasonable in any respect, such court may limit this Agreement to render it reasonable in the light of the circumstances in which it was entered into and specifically enforce this Agreement as limited.     

22.   
 
    No Waiver  .  No course of dealing or any delay on the part of the Company or Executive in exercising any rights hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any such rights.  No waiver of any default or breach of this Agreement shall be deemed a continuing waiver of any other breach or default.     

23.   
 
    Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original by the party executing the same but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.  For the convenience of the parties, facsimile and pdf signatures shall be accepted as originals.     

24.   
 
    Binding Arbitration  .     

(a)   
 
    Binding Arbitration  .  Except as expressly set forth in this Section, in the event any dispute should arise between the Parties with respect to any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and/or Executive s employment with the Company, the parties agree that any and all controversies, claims or disputes between them,   including but not limited to any claim arising under tort or contract law and any claim      

 - 21 - 

arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C.   1981, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, the   Rehabilitation Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Act (G.L. c. 151B), the Massachusetts Wage Act or any other local, state or federal statute, regulation or policy in any way relating to rights of emp  loyees,   shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration, to be held in Boston, Massachusetts in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, including the Optional Appeal Procedure, as established by JAMS or its successor ( JAMS ) a  nd as in effect at the time the request for arbitration is made (the  Arbitration Rules ), and to be administered by JAMS.  Issues of arbitrability shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.    1-16, and not state law.  The arbitration shal  l be conducted before a single neutral arbitrator appointed in accordance with the Arbitration Rules.  The arbitrator may award any form of remedy or relief that would otherwise be available in court (including equitable relief such as injunctions, tempora  ry restraining orders, etc.), consistent with applicable law.  Unless the parties agree otherwise, the neutral arbitrator and the members of any appeal panel shall be former or retired judges or justices of any Massachusetts state or federal court with exp  erience in matters involving employment disputes.  The party initiating arbitration will be responsible for paying the filing fee for the arbitration required by the arbitration service provider; provided, however, Executive s payment of any such filing fe  e shall not exceed the filing fee for a civil action in the Massachusetts state court system and the Company shall reimburse Executive for any such fee in excess of that amount.  The Company will pay the arbitrator's fee to the extent required by law.  Any   award pursuant to said arbitration shall be accompanied by a detailed written opinion of the arbitrator setting forth the reason for the award.  Executive knows that options other than arbitration, such as state and federal administrative and judicial rem  edies, are available to resolve any discrimination claim, and despite such knowledge Executive agrees to arbitrate all claims pursuant to this Section.  Executive understands that by signing this Agreement, he is waiving, and will forever be precluded from   asserting, his right to utilize statutory administrative procedures and to seek judicial remedies with respect to such claims.         

(b)   
 
        Exceptions  .  The Parties agree not to institute any litigation or proceedings against each other in connection with this   Agreement except as provided in this Section, provided, however, that the Company shall have the right to seek injunctive relief or other equitable remedies in a court of competent jurisdiction as provided in Section 10 or with regard to any other Restric  tive Covenant (e.g., non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, etc.) between the Company and Executive.  Any such injunctive relief or other equitable remedies shall be sought exclusively in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and both parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of Massachusetts for such purposes.  Moreover, nothing in this Section shall be construed to preclude Executive from participating or cooperating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other administrative agency.  However, in the event that a charge or complaint is filed against the Company with any administrative agency or in the event of an authorized      

 - 22 - 

investigation, charge or lawsuit filed against the Company by any administrative agency, Executive expressly waives and shall not accept any award or damages from such a procee  ding but instead will pursue any claim for such damages in an arbitration proceeding as set forth in this Section.        

(c)   
 
    Fees and Expenses  .  Executive or his beneficiaries shall pay all attorney s fees and expenses incurred by Executive or his beneficiaries in resolving any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.  If it is finally determined that Executive or his beneficiaries prevailed with respect to such claim or dispute, the Company shall reimburse all attorney s fees and expenses incurred by Executive.     

(d)   
 
    Confidentiality  .  The parties will keep confidential, and will not disclose to any person, except as may be required by law, the existence of any controversy under this Section 24, the referral of any such controversy to arbitration or the status or resolution thereof.  In addition, the confidentiality restrictions set forth in Section 8 shall continue in full force and effect.     

25.   
 
      Acknowledgment  .  Executive acknowledges that before entering into this Agreement, Executive has had the opportunity to consult with any attorney or other advisor of Executive s choice, and that this provision constitutes advice from the Company to do so if Executive chooses.  Executive further acknowledges that Executive has entered into this Agreement of Executive s own free will, and that no promises or representations have been made to Executive by any person to induce Executive to enter into this Agreement other than the express terms set forth herein.  Executive further acknowledges that Executive   has read this Agreement and understands all of its terms, including the waiver of rights set forth in Section 24.      

- 23 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day written above.  
 - 24 - 

Exhibit B  

LOCK UP AGREEMENT (the   Agreement  ), dated as of December 13, 2006, among NewStar Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the   Company  ) and the management stockholders signatory hereto (the   Management Stockholders   and each a   Management Stockholder  ). 
 WHEREAS, each of the Management Stockholders has been issued shares of the Company s restricted stock (  Restricted Stock  ) pursuant to a restricted stock agreement (a   Restricted Stock Agreement  ) and granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (  Options   and, together with the Restricted Stock,   Incentive Securities   
   
 WHEREAS, each of the Management Stockholders is bound by the terms of a covenant not to compete and a covenant not to solicit as set forth in the applicable Restricted Stock Agreement (the   Restrictive Covenants        
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and for other good and valuable consideration given to each party hereto, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 1.   Definitions .   
 (a)      Transfer    means to sell, assign, dispose of, exchange, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise transfer, whether directly or indirectly, or agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.  
 (b)      Vested Incentive Securities    means Incentive Securities that, in the case of Restricted Stock, are no longer subject to forfeiture pursuant to a Restricted Stock Agreement and, in the case of Options, are vested.  
 2.   Prohibited Transfers .   
 (a)  For a period of one (1) year following the e xpiration of the underwriter s lock-up in connection with the Company s initial public offering, such Management Stockholder shall not Transfer more than ten percent (10%) of the Vested Incentive Securities then held by such Management Stockholder and, after such one (1) year period and during the Restricted Period (as defined below),  shall not Transfer more than seventy-five percent (75%) of the Vested Incentive Securities then held by such Management Stockholder.  For purposes of this agreement, the ten percent (10%) or seventy-five percent (75%), as applicable, of Vested Incentive Securities that may be Transferred shall be referred to as the   Transferable Vested Incentive Securities  .  The number of shares constituting Transferable Vested Incentive Securities shall be calculated after giving effect to any transfer by a Management Stockholder to the Company of any Incentive Securities for the purpose of satisfying withholding taxes, as permitted by and in accordance with, the Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 - 25 - 

(b)  In connection with the termination of such Management Stockholder s employment with the Company, such Management Stockholder hereby agrees that, if the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time during the one year period fo  llowing the date of termination of employment (the    Restricted Period   ) and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, determines that the Management Stockholder has violated or breached the Restrictive Covenants at any time prior to the expiration of th  e Restricted Period, then all of such Management Stockholder s Vested Incentive Securities that, as of the date of breach of such Restrictive Covenants, are not Transferable Vested Incentive Securities, shall be forfeited for no consideration.  
 3.   Administration .  The Incentive Securities constituting the ninety percent (90%) or twenty-five percent (25%), as applicable, of Incentive Securities that cannot be transferred by a Management Stockholder pursuant to this Agreement shall be held, for such Management Stockholder s account, by Merrill Lynch in its capacity as the administrator of the Company s equity award programs, until the termination of this Agreement.  
 4.   Miscellaneous . 
 (a)   Termination of Agreement .  This Agreement and the Management Stockholder s obligations hereunder shall terminate and have no further force and effect upon a Change of Control (as defined in the applicable Restricted Stock Agreement). 
 (b)   Successor and Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of each of the Management Stockholders and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and representatives. 
 (c)   Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  
 (d)   Severability .  Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein. 
 (e)   Amendments .  This Agreement may not be modified, amended or supplement except in writing signed by each of the parties hereto. 
 (f)   Governing Law .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law of the State of Delaware. 
 - 26 - 

Exhibit C  

LOCK UP AGREEMENT (the   Agreement  ), dated as of March 18, 2009 among NewStar Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the   Company  ) and the management stockholders signatory hereto (the   Management Stockholders   and each a   Management Stockholder  ). 
 WHEREAS, on the date hereof each of the Management Stockholders has been granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (  Options  ), and as a condition to such grant, the Compensation Committee of the Company has imposed certain restrictions on the transfer of the proceeds of the Options upon exercise; 
   
 WHEREAS, each of the Management Stockholders is bound by the terms of a covenant not to compete and a covenant not to solicit as set forth in the Management Stockholder s applicable Employment Agreement (the   Restrictive Covenants        
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and for other good and valuable consideration given to each party hereto, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 1.   Definitions .   
 (a)      Proceeds    means proceeds received from an exercise of all or a portion of Options at the time of such exercise, net of all taxes.  
 (b)    Restricted Period   means the period from the date hereof until the date one year after the date of termination of employment of the Management Stockholder.  
 (c)      Transfer    means to sell, assign, dispose of, exchange, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise transfer, whether directly or indirectly, or agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.  
 2.   Prohibited Transfers .   
 (a)  During the Restricted Period, each Management Stockholder shall not  Transfer more than fifty percent (50%) of the Proceeds from Options exercised by such Management Stockholder during such period (the   Restricted Proceeds  ).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this agreement shall limit a Management Stockholder s ability to Transfer the Transferable Proceeds.  For purposes of this agreement, the remaining 50% of Proceeds from Options exercised by such Management Stockholder during such period that may be Transferred shall be referred to as the   Transferable Proceeds  .   
 (b) In connection with the termination of such Management Stockholder s employment with the Company, such Management Stockholder hereby agrees that, if the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time during the Restricted Pe riod and for a period of  
 - 27 - 

ninety (90) days thereafter, determines that the Management Stockholder has violated or breached the Restrictive Covenants at any time prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, then all of such Management Stockholder s Rest  ricted Proceeds shall be forfeited for no consideration.  
 3.   Administration .  The Restricted Proceeds that cannot be Transferred by a Management Stockholder pursuant to this Agreement shall be held, for such Management Stockholder s account, by Merrill Lynch in its capacity as the administrator of the Company s equity award programs, until the termination of this Agreement.  
 4.   Miscellaneous . 
 (a)   Termination of Agreement .  This Agreement and the Management Stockholder s obligations hereunder shall terminate and have no further force and effect with respect to each Management Stockholder upon the earlier of (i) ninety (90) days after such Management Stockholder s Restricted Period ends, or (ii) upon a Change of Control (as defined in the applicable Management Stockholder s Employment Agreement). 
 (b)   Successor and Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of each of the Management Stockholders and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and representatives. 
 (c)   Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  
 (d)   Severability .  Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein. 
 (e)   Amendments .  This Agreement may not be modified, amended or supplement except in writing signed by each of the parties hereto. 
 (f)   Governing Law .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law of the State of Delaware. 

4817-4095-9285, v.  1 
 - 28 -  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.A>
 4
 news-ex31a_6.htm
 EX-31.A

news-ex31a_6.htm

Exhibit 31(a) 
 NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Timothy J. Conway, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NewStar Financial, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:  
 
 November 3, 2016  

/s/ TIMOTHY J. CONWAY  

Timothy J. Conway 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 5
 news-ex31b_7.htm
 EX-31.B

news-ex31b_7.htm

Exhibit 31(b) 
 NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Kirby Bray, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NewStar Financial, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:  
 
 November 3, 2016  

/s/ JOHN KIRBY BRAY  

John Kirby Bray 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 6
 news-ex32_9.htm
 EX-32

news-ex32_9.htm

Exhibit 32 
 NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NewStar Financial, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, (the  Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ TIMOTHY J. CONWAY  

Timothy J. Conway 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ JOHN KIRBY BRAY  

John Kirby Bray 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 news-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 news-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 news-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 news-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 news-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 news-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

