<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161222_10-K_edgar_data_1516805_0001213900-16-019618_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5041816</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>263809</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>456479</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1487494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1607879</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1118417</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>99</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019618.hdr.sgml : 20161222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161222144619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019618
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Moxian, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001516805
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				273729742
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37902
		FILM NUMBER:		162066281

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVE SOUTH, #82217
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (0)755-66803251

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVE SOUTH, #82217
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOXIAN CHINA, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131218

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SECURE NetCheckIn Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019618.txt : 20161222

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_moxianinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
DC 20549   

FORM
10-K   

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from __________ to __________  

Commission
File No.   000-55017  

MOXIAN,
    INC.   

(Exact
    Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)   

Nevada   
           
       27-3729742    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction
    of  
    Incorporation or Organization)  
         
      (I.R.S. Employer
     
    Identification No.)   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act:   None    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act:   Common Stock, par value $0.001    

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes   No

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes   No    

The
aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates based upon the price at which Common Stock was last
sold as of March 31, 2016, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately
$49,953,632.  

As
of December 19, 2016, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was 66,507,199.  

FORM
10-K   

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART I    

Item 1.   
       Business   
         
      1   
 
       Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
         
      13   
 
       Item 1B.   
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
         
      13   
 
       Item 2.   
       Properties   
         
      13   
 
       Item 3.   
       Legal Proceedings   
         
      13   
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosure   
         
      13   

PART II    

Item 5.   
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
         
      14   
 
       Item 6.   
       Selected Financial Data   
         
     17  
 
       Item 7.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
         
     17  
 
       Item 7A.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
         
     23  
 
       Item 8.   
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
         
     23  
 
       Item 9.   
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
         
     24  
 
       Item 9A.   
       Controls and Procedures   
         
     24  
 
       Item 9B.   
       Other Information   
         
     25  

PART III    

Item 10.   
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
         
     26  
 
       Item 11.   
       Executive Compensation   
         
     29  
 
       Item 12.   
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
         
     31  
 
       Item 13.   
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
         
     33  
 
       Item 14.   
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
         
     35  

PART IV    

Item 15.   
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
         
     36  

SIGNATURES    
         
     39  

i   

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the  Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates
and projections. We may use words such as  anticipate,   expect,   intend,   plan, 
 believe,   foresee,   estimate  and variations of these words and similar expressions to
identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks,
uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following:   

The
                                         availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements      

Changes
                                         or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry      

Competition
                                         in our industry      

The
                                         loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation
                                         of our business      

Changes
                                         in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans      

The
                                         availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development 
                                         and     

Other
                                         risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
                                         Commission or the SEC.     

This
report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we
expect. The forward looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated
with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though
our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise.   

Use
of Defined Terms   

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to:  

The  Company,   we,   us,   our  or  Moxian  are
references to the combined business of the (i) Moxian, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Nevada  (ii) Moxian
CN Group Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Independent State of Samoa ( Moxian CN Samoa ), (iii) Moxian
Intellectual Property Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Independent State of Samoa ( Moxian IP Samoa ) 
(iv) Moxian Group Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands ( Moxian BVI ), (v) Moxian
(Hong Kong) Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong ( Moxian HK ), (vi) Moxian
Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of People s Republic of China ( Moxian Shenzhen ),
(vii) Moxian Malaysia SDN BHD ( Moxian Malaysia ), a company incorporated under the laws of Malaysia ( Moxian
Malaysia ), (viii) Moxian Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of People s Republic
of China ( Moxian Beijing ) and (ix) Shenzhen Moyi Technologies Co. Ltd., a contractually controlled affiliate of Moxian
Shenzhen formed under the laws of People s Republic of China ( Moyi ).    

Common
                                         Stock  refers to the Company s common stock, par value $0.001     

PRC 
                                         refers to the People s Republic of China     

HK 
                                         refers to Hong Kong     

U.S.
                                         dollar,   $  and  US$  refer to the legal currency of the
                                         United States     

Securities
                                         Act  refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended  and    

Exchange
                                         Act  refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

Unless
otherwise noted, all currency figures in this filing are in U.S. dollars. References to  yuan  or  RMB  are
to the Chinese yuan (also known as the Renminbi).  

ii   

PART
I   

ITEM
1. BUSINESS   

Corporate
History and Corporate Structure    

  Moxian,
Inc. (the  Company,   Moxian,   we,   us,  or  our ) was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on October 12, 2010 and was formerly known as SECURE NetCheckIn Inc. We previously engaged in the business
of offering a cloud-based scheduling and notification product targeted to urgent care facilities and medical offices to increase
the satisfaction of patients in the scheduling and timing of appointments.   

  On
February 17, 2014, the Company incorporated Moxian CN Samoa under the laws of the Independent State of Samoa.   

  On
February 21, 2014, we acquired Moxian BVI, together with its subsidiaries, Moxian HK, Moxian Shenzhen, and Moxian Malaysia through
our wholly owned subsidiary, Moxian CN Samoa from Rebel Group, Inc. ( REBL ), a company incorporated in the State
of Florida and of which our Chief Executive Officer, James Mengdong Tan, is a promoter as the term is defined under Rule 405 of
Regulation C promulgated under the Securities Act, by entering into a License and Acquisition Agreement (the  License and
Acquisition Agreement ) in consideration of $1,000,000 ( Moxian BVI Purchase Price ). As a result, Moxian BVI,
together with its subsidiaries, Moxian HK, Moxian Shenzhen, and Moxian Malaysia, became our subsidiaries. Under the License and
Acquisition Agreement, REBL also agreed to grant us the exclusive right to use REBL s intellectual property rights (collectively,
the  IP Rights ) in Mainland China, Malaysia, and other countries and regions where REBL conducts its business (the
 Licensed Territory ), and the exclusive right to solicit, promote, distribute and sell REBL products and services
in the Licensed Territory for five years (the  License, ) and in consideration of such License, the Company agreed
to pay to REBL (i) $1,000,000 as license maintenance royalty each year commencing on the first anniversary of the date of the
License Agreement  and (ii) 3% of the gross profits resulting from the distribution and sale of the products and services
on behalf of the Company as an earned royalty.   

  Moxian
BVI was incorporated on July 3, 2012 under the laws of the British Virgin Islands.   

  Moxian
HK was incorporated on January 18, 2013 and became Moxian BVI s subsidiary on February 14, 2013. Moxian HK is currently
engaged in the business of online social media and plans to launch its business in China.   

  Moxian
Shenzhen was invested in and wholly owned by Moxian HK. Moxian Shenzhen was incorporated on April 8, 2013 and is engaged in the
business of internet technology, computer software, and commercial information consulting.   

  Moxian
Malaysia was incorporated on March 1, 2013 and became Moxian HK s subsidiary on April 2, 2013. Moxian Malaysia is conducting
its business in the IT Services and Media Advertising industries.   

  Shenzhen
Moyi Technologies Co., Ltd. ( Moyi ) was incorporated on July 19, 2013 under the laws of the People s Republic
of China and became a variable interest entity ( VIE ) of Moxian Shenzhen since July 15, 2014. Moxian Shenzhen controls
Moyi through arrangement that absorbs operations risk, as if Moyi were a wholly-owned subsidiary of Moxian Shenzhen.   

  Moxian
Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd. ( Moxian Beijing ) was incorporated on December 10, 2015 under the laws of the People s
Republic of China and was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Moxian Shenzhen. Moxian Beijing is engaged in the business of internet
technology, computer software, and commercial information consulting.   

  On
February 17, 2014, Moxian IP Samoa was incorporated in the State of Samoa as a wholly-owned subsidiary of REBL. On February 19,
2014, Moxian HK and Moxian Shenzhen entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Moxian IP Samoa, whereby Moxian HK
and Moxian Shenzhen assigned and transferred all of the intellectual property rights that they respectively owned in connection
with the Moxian business to Moxian IP Samoa in consideration of $1,000,000.   

  On
January 30, 2015, the Company entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement (the  Equity Transfer Agreement,  such transaction,
the  Equity Transfer Transaction ) with REBL, to acquire from REBL 100% of the equity interests of Moxian IP Samoa
for $6,782,000 (the  Moxian IP Samoa Purchase Price ). Moxian IP Samoa owns all the intellectual property rights relating
to the operation, use and marketing of the Moxian Platform, including all of the trademarks, patents and copyrights that are used
in the Company s business. As a result of the Equity Transfer Transaction, Moxian IP Samoa became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company.   

  In
addition, under the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Company and REBL agreed to terminate the License and Acquisition Agreement.
Immediately prior to the execution of the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Moxian BVI Purchase Price was not yet paid and no license
maintenance royalty or earned royalty under the License and Acquisition Agreement had accrued.   

  Under
the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Company and REBL agreed to extinguish all of the Company s liabilities owed to REBL under
the License and Acquisition Agreement, other than the Moxian BVI Purchase Price.   

  The
Company agreed to issue to REBL a convertible promissory note for $7,782,000 (the  Rebel Note ), representing the
sum of the Moxian IP Samoa Purchase Price and the Moxian BVI Purchase Price. The Rebel Note was due and payable on October 30,
2015 without any interest. The Company had the option to cause REBL to convert any and all amounts due under the Rebel Note into
shares of the Company s Common Stock at the conversion price of $1.00 per share (the  Conversion Price ), if
the volume weighted average price (the  VWAP ) of the Company s Common Stock for a period of 30 trading days
immediately prior to the date of conversion was higher than the Conversion Price. The Company also had a right of first refusal
to purchase the shares issuable upon conversion of the Rebel Note at the price of 80% of the VWAP for 30 trading days immediately
prior to the date of the proposed repurchase by the Company.   

  On
August 14, 2015, the VWAP of the Company s Common Stock for 30 trading days prior to August 14, 2015 was higher than $1.00,
which triggered the conversion of the Rebel Note. The Company notified REBL that it elected to cause it to convert $3,891,000
of the Rebel Note into 3,891,000 shares of its Common Stock (the  August Conversion ). As a result of the August Conversion,
the remaining amount of the Rebel Note was $3,891,000.   

On
September 30, 2015, the Company notified REBL that it elected to cause it to convert the remainder of the Rebel Note into 3,891,000
shares of the Company s Common Stock (the  September Conversion ). After the August Conversion and September
Conversion, the entire balance of the Rebel Note was converted into total of 7,782,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock.   

  On
November 14, 2016, the Company announced the completion of a public offering of 2,501,250 shares of its common stock at a
public offering price of $4.00 per share. The net proceeds from the offering is approximately $8.5 million  after
deducting placement agents' commissions and other estimated offering expenses. In connection with the offering, the Company's
common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market on November 15, 2016 under the symbol  MOXC .  

  The
following diagram sets forth the structure of the Company as of the date of this report:   

Our
web site address is  www.moxian.com . Information contained on our web site is not part of this report on Form 10-K or our
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).   

Overview  

We
are in the O2O ( Online-to-Offline ) business. With respect to our business, O2O means providing an online platform
for small and medium sized enterprises ( SMEs ) with brick and mortar businesses that allows them to conduct business,
interact with existing customers and obtain new customers online. We refer to our customers as  Merchant Clients 
and we use the term  Users,  to refer to those existing and potential customers of our Merchant Clients who use our
mobile application and platform. Through the features, products and services offered on our platform, we seek to create interactions
between Users and Merchant Clients, which will allow Merchant Clients to study consumer behavior. Our platform has five main components
that allow Merchant Clients to conduct targeted advertising campaigns and promotions, which we believe are effective because they
are geared to the customers that a Merchant Client wishes to attract. Our platform is also designed and built to encourage Users
to return and refer new Users, each of which is a potential customer for our Merchant Clients.  

We
believe we are different from other companies in that our plan is to sign up merchants first and build our user base utilizing
their customers. Many companies utilize a different strategy of building up a user base and then signing up paid merchants and
other clients to access that user base.  

The
current version of our platform is called  Moxian+  which consists of our user mobile application (the  App 
and collectively the  Apps ) called the Moxian+ User App and a separate App for our Merchant Clients called the Moxian+
Business App. Both versions of the App are currently available in the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store. There is no charge
to download either App. We also have a website that can be accessed at  www.moxian.com  where either App can also be downloaded.  

Moxian
principally operates in mainland China with its headquarters in Shenzhen, China. We launched Moxian version 1.0 which only consists
of the User component App in Malaysia in June 2013 and subsequently in China in July 2014. During 2014 to 2015, we developed the
Apps as part of  Moxian+,  the successor to Moxian version 1.0 which was officially launched in October 2015 in China
only. In December 2015, we opened our Beijing office. We are currently operating in both Shenzhen and Beijing.  

We
are currently in the process of expanding our operations to  Shanghai and Guangzhou.  

Market
Opportunities   

China
currently has more than 850 million users actively utilizing mobile applications (http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2015-11/10/c_134802668.htm).
In 2014, the China Internet Network Information Center reported that there were approximately 618 million internet users throughout
Asian countries, representing a penetration rate of approximately 46 percent. Among these internet users, over 90 percent have
a social media account. For comparison, just 67 percent of U.S. internet users engage in social media. However, the opportunity
in China extends beyond the ability to reach a large target audience. According to the Data Center of China Internet, 38 percent
of users claim they are more likely to buy items recommended by other social media users (Statistical Report on Internet Development
in China by China Internet Network Information Center, 2014).  

O2O
platforms serve to substantially enhance marketing and commerce performance for brands and retailers compared to traditional digital
marketing approaches. O2O refers to any and all activities that originate online and eventually result in a shopper going to a
physical store. Forrester Research predicts that by 2016, more than half of the $3.5 trillion spent in offline US retail will
be influenced by the websites (Forrester s US Cross-Channel Retail Forecast, 2011 To 2016).  

According
to official statistics, China s O2O market reached 98.7 billion yuan (approximately US$9 billion) in 2011. Industry analysts
anticipate that the China O2O market will quadruple to 418 billion yuan (approximately US$67 billion) in 2016 (http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chinas-o2o-market-the-path-to-success-is-not-uni-directional-201906281.html).
Moxian believes it will be able to capture a share in this market by offering its platform to merchants. Our platform allows users
to be aware of their interested merchants  on-going promotions so as to attract them to make purchases offline.  

Products
and Services   

Subscription
Packages for Moxian+ Business App Merchant Clients    

The
Moxian+ Business App is solely for use by Merchant Clients. Moxian+ Business App allows them to manage their presence within the
Moxian+ platform, plan a campaign, offer discounts, manage payments and receive analytics. We offer free and paid subscription
packages to use the Moxian+ Business App. We have three subscription levels. Our basic account is free, our gold account is $1,200
per year and our diamond account is offered at $2,000 per year.  

With
a basic account subscription, Merchant Clients get a  Do It Yourself  webpage and they can use different modules in
their account, including the business address, business phone number and list up to 5 products that they can offer for sale through
our e-commerce feature. The following benefits are available to Merchant Clients that have a basic account:  

A webpage to create an online shop   

Ability to interact with customers through MO-Talk,
a voice chat service   

Receive basic analytics reports   

Provide rewards to Users   

When
a Merchant Client purchases one of our paid subscription packages, in addition to the features provided in the basic account,
Merchant Clients also have access to a more extensive set of tools on our platform, which allows them to  

Send out messages to targeted customers   

Receive more detailed analytics reports   

Social Customer Relationship Management ( SCRM ) 

Fan rewards   

Events Hosting   

Vouchers and Product Listing   

Features for multiple store locations   

Moxian+
User App for Users    

Our
Users are referred to as  MO-Pals  within the User App. They can download and use the User App for free. Users provide
basic information to sign up for a Moxian+ account and then they can invite friends and family members to join Moxian+, search
and join different interest groups, and participate in social media by sharing activities, stories, photos and videos, sending
micro-blog messages, playing online games in Moxian+ s game center, and earning MO-Coins, a virtual currency similar to
credit card reward points which are explained further below.  

The
Moxian+ User App has a variety of features to attract and retain Users. The Moxian+ User App also provides access to a social
media platform with a package of services to provide interaction with other Users and Merchant Clients:  

Interact with other Users through MO-Talk;   

News Center with daily news items under  Hot Topics, 
 Hot Events  and  Nearby People;    

Game Center to earn MO-Points;   

Shop at Merchants  Online Stores by credit card
or MO-Coins; and   

MO-Shake allows Users to shake their phone to win: vouchers;
MO-Coins or MO-Points; and coupons, discounts or admission to other events hosted by Merchant Clients which are in the vicinity
of the User.   

Services
for Merchant Clients     

Social Customer Relationship
Management ( SCRM )  

Our
SCRM is built to allow Merchant Clients to input their customer details into the system. The SCRM can then follow the customers 
activities and allows Merchant Clients to send promotional messages and advertisements to Users through our platform.  

Targeted
Marketing   

Our
Targeted Marketing tool is offered to paid Merchant Clients only. Its feature allows our Merchant Clients to contact their targeted
Users directly by sending messages, promotions and vouchers to a specific range of customers, such as customers who have visited
their store in the past week or month or customers who have upcoming birthdays. Merchant Clients can send Users discounts or messages
and target people by age, gender or other criteria. We also provide targeted marketing to assist Merchant Clients to reach customers
more efficiently. For example, we can generate a list of customers who have browsed a Merchant Client s products over the
past two months more than once, but not made a purchase, and a discount can be offered to them for certain products. In addition,
Merchants Clients can find Users near their physical shops (within 1,000 meters) and invite them to their stores.  

Analytics
Reports   

Detailed
reports are provided to paid Merchant Clients. These reports allow Merchant Clients to see the number of followers they have,
the number of points redeemed and rewarded, and the number of vouchers purchased or redeemed offline. Merchant Clients with a
free account receive only basic analytics, such as how many MO-points have been distributed. However, for paid accounts, Merchant
Clients receive more detailed analytics regarding the buying patterns and likes of current and potential customers.  

Merchant
Clients can provide rewards to customers by including their customer s mobile number. Customers who have installed the Moxian+
User App can then receive rewards on the platform in the form of MO-Points or discount vouchers. Customers who do not have the
Moxian+ User App installed will receive a text message informing them of their rewards and that they can download the Moxian+
User App to redeem them.  

Event
Hosting   

Merchant
Clients can host events through the platform and invite Users within a selected range, such as by proximity, common interest,
or gender to participate in the event.  

Vouchers
and Product Listings   

Merchant
Clients can customize coupons or vouchers on the platform, daily or with whatever frequency they wish, or list available products.  

Multiple
store features   

For
those Merchant Clients which have multiple stores in different locations, our platform allows different stores to access to the
same account. Moreover, different stores may be differentiated for which information they can access to by entering their location
in the app.  

Webpage
to Create an Online Shop   

We
provide a Do it Yourself Webpage to create an online shop. The Merchant Client can include its logo, its product/service category,
telephone number, and other information that is relevant to the business. The Shop will appear in the Moxian+ User App. A Merchant
Client can manage its own shop by adding more information, posting events, offers, and discounts.  

Our
Platform  

There
are five components to our Moxian+ platform, which is the backend of our application. The Moxian+ platform includes the social
media engine, the e-commerce engine, the rewards engine, the gamification engine, and the analytical engine.  

Social
Media Engine   

Our
data use policy governs the use of information that users have chosen to share and present. We also design our products to include
robust safety tools. These tools are coupled with partnerships with online safety experts to offer protection for all users, particularly
teenagers. We work with law enforcement to help promote the safety of our users as required by law. To the extent permissible,
and with prior consent from the Users, we analyze User s information to understand the User s behavior.  

E-Commerce   

Utilizing
our e-commerce features, Merchant Clients are able to conduct business by posting products, offering coupons and sales as well
as creating events and blogs through the Moxian+ Business App. On the other hand, Users can shop at the Merchant Clients 
shops like at any other e-commerce platform by ordering online and receiving the products by express delivery.  

Rewards   

Users
are rewarded with MO-Points and MO-Coins. MO-Points are points granted to Users when they shop at Merchant Clients, play games
on our platform or engage in other activities sponsored by the Merchant Clients. MO-Points can be redeemed at the Merchant Clients 
shops as determined by the Merchant Clients, or can be redeemed for MO-Coins which are virtual currency and can be used at any
Merchant Client s stores. MO-Coins are backed by cash paid by Merchant Clients which is held in an escrow account. They
can be redeemed for cash, or used to purchase more MO-Points. The ratio of MO-Coins to actual currency is currently set at 1:1.
A Merchant Client who pays for MO-Coins can also redeem them for cash.  

MO-Points
and MO-Coins are traceable and trackable on the Moxian+ platform through designated serial number so that we can see exactly what
Users do with them and use that information to assist our Merchant Clients to determine customer behaviors.  

From
time to time, we may also give away MO-Points or MO-Coins as a promotion to increase our User base. We also plan to have our own
 shopping mall  with merchandise that Users can purchase with MO-Points and MO-Coins in the upcoming year.  

Gamification   

Together
with outside contractors we develop games for Users to earn MO-Points and MO-Coins and other rewards which may be specific to
a certain Merchant Client. Users can use MO-Points to play games offered in our game center.  

Analytical
Engine   

Moxian
provides analytics to each Merchant Client for the consumer behavior Moxian learns through its platform to assist our Merchant
Clients to better design their promotions and reach their target audience. We analyze consumer behavior through  likes 
of posts by certain merchants or the places they tend to  check-in  to, to determine their usual hang out.  

News
Center   

On
 Hot Topics,  the most popular topics and related blogs, news, and journals being discussed among Users will be displayed,
so that Users can stay informed in real time.  Hot Events  provide information about events to be hosted by Merchant
Clients, and they are categorized by different interests. In addition, Users will be able to see the list of other nearby Users,
with information that a User may be willing to have displayed.  

Advertisements   

On
December 31, 2015, the Company entered into an Exclusive Partnership Agreement with Xinhua New Media Culture Communication Co.
Ltd. ( Xinhua New Media ), pursuant to which the Company is engaged to operate and resell the advertisement space
for the Xinhua New Media App.  

The
Company plans to expand its sales force to include an advertisement sales team to promote the Xinhua New Media App advertisement
space. In addition to selling the Xinhua Advertisement space, the sales team will also be selling our own advertisement space
on Moxian platform.  

We
believe that we will benefit from the partnership with Xinhua New Media in two ways:  

Firstly,
Traction and growth of users. Users of the Xinhua New Media App will be rewarded with Mo-Coins and Mo-Points when engaging
in interactive activities, such as clicking on any advertisements, within the platform. These Xinhua New Media App users are expected
to then log into Moxian Platform to redeem their Mo-Coins and Mo-Points. This will allow us to grow our user base.  

Secondly,
Cross-Selling. We will bundle our Moxian+ Merchant App with the advertisement space on the Xinhua New Media App and offer
a package deal to merchants. The package deals will only be offered to large-scale customers who have chain-shops based in China.  

In
addition, we are also the exclusive operator and partner for the gaming platform included in the Xinhua New Media App. Moxian
charges a fee for operating the gaming platform, which generate revenues from advertisement, sponsorship and profit sharing arrangements
with gaming companies.  

Transaction
Fees   

All
transactions carried across our platform is done through our virtual currency. We charge a fee for any transaction carried on
our platform within a range of 3% to 5% of the transaction price.  

White-Label
Solution   

We
offer large scale merchants the option to  white label  our Moxian+ Merchant and User App. We charge a yearly fee
to the merchants. White-label merchants sell Moxian+ Merchant and User App in their own names. We also offer customization of
Moxian+ Merchant and User App at the request of merchants for an additional fee.  

Marketing
Strategy  

Our
success is dependent upon signing up paid Merchant Clients. The Merchant Clients, in turn, build up our base of Users by encouraging
their customers to download our User App and they can offer MO-Points and MO-Coins to attract people to download our App. In order
to attract more Merchant Clients, we also need to have an established base of Users. Therefore, we are currently making efforts
to sign up more Merchant Clients, as well as attempting to get more Users to download our User App.  

We
initially marketed to merchants in Shenzhen, China only where we launched Moxian version 1.0. Although this was a beta test,
we were able to get 30,000 merchants to sign up. We are currently targeting these same merchants for Moxian+ and expanding the
user base.  

We
currently have a sales force of 20 people based in Shenzhen, China. In addition, we opened an office in Beijing and plan to have
a sales force of 80 people there by the beginning of 2017.  

We
are currently scheduling sales events in Shenzhen for the Christmas and Chinese New Year seasons to promote our products and services
to our initial Merchant Clients and give away MO-Points and MO-Coins.  

In
the future, we also plan to utilize third party distributors with an existing base of merchants to market our products.  

Competition   

Although
major global social network platform providers have the advantage of an existing user base, we believe Moxian has a unique social
business model and social media features that enable us to stand out among the competition. Other major social networking platforms
usually focus on personal photo sharing, video sharing, chat features, group chatting, micro-blogging, following groups 
online activities, rating and commenting on products and services. What we believe makes Moxian stand out is that our Merchant
Clients have: (i) their own promotion pages, (ii) local event programs for their customer Users, (iii) location-based promotion
information, (iv) mobile chat applications, (v) free prizes for the Users, (vi) advertising on Moxian s social pages, (vii)
a social customer relationship management systems, (viii) a loyalty program using MO-Points and MO-Coins, and (ix) customized
online games to promote merchants  brands and group sales promotions. Therefore, by establishing our Merchant Client base
first, we believe that our user acquisition will be easier to build up.  

In
China, we face stiff competition. Our major competitor in China is Dazhong Dianping ( Dianping ). Dianping
targets merchant clients as we do. In addition, Dianping also offers merchants a customized page, location based promotion
information and a relationship management tool. The other principal competitors are Nuomi, Meituan and WeChat.  

However,
we believe Moxian+ is superior for SMEs because our SCRM offers Merchant Clients the ability to interact with their customers
via instant messenger. In addition, we offer virtual currencies that can entice and encourage repeated visits by the Users.  

Our
Technology  

Technology
is the key to our success in achieving efficiency for our business, improving the user experience and enabling innovation. We
employ a team of over 80 engineering and data analytics personnel to build our technology platform and develop new online and
mobile products. Key components of our technology include:  

Data
Science   

Our
data science technology serves various types of data-intensive computational needs, including deep learning, high-volume batch
processing and multi-variable and multi-dimensional real-time analytics. Data mining and transaction, payment and behavioral data
science capabilities are used extensively in numerous applications such as search and online marketing.  

Security   

We
take various steps to ensure the security of the Moxian+ platform and the personal information of users of the platform, as well
as the ecommerce transactions conducted on the platform. We conduct daily testing and have engaged an outside security consultant
to conduct further testing and make recommendations as to additional security measures.  

Foreign
Operations  

Substantially
all of our business operations are conducted in Mainland China. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and
prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal developments in the PRC. We also have operations
in Hong Kong. Operating in foreign countries involves substantial risk. For example, our business activities subject us to a number
of Chinese laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions,
data privacy and security requirements, labor laws, intellectual property laws, privacy laws, and anti-competition regulations,
which have uncertainties. Any failure to comply with the PRC laws and regulations could subject us to fines and penalties, make
it more difficult or impossible to do business in China and harm our reputation.  

Operating
in foreign countries also subjects us to risk from currency fluctuations. Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency
exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating expenses. The weakening of foreign currencies relative
to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings. This could either
reduce the U.S. dollar value of our prices or, if we raise prices in the local currency, it could reduce the overall demand for
our offerings. Either could adversely affect our revenue. Conversely, a rise in the price of local currencies relative to the
U.S. dollar could adversely impact our profitability because it would increase our costs denominated in those currencies, thus
adversely affecting gross margins.  

Research
and Development   

There are 60 people in the Research
  Development department, which is responsible for developing and improving the mobile application, Moxian platform and customer
experience in using our products. During the past two fiscal years, we spent approximately $2.6 million and $1.5 million on research
and development for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Employees   

We
have a total of 160 employees, of which we have 21 employees in the product team, 60 employees in research and development team,
26 employees in sales and marketing department, 17 employees in customer and technical support team and the remaining in the administrative
department. We consider our employee relations to be good, and to date have not experienced a work stoppage due to a labor dispute.  

PRC
Law   

Overview  

Extensive
regulatory schemes governing the operation of business with respect to telecommunications and Internet information services were
published by the Chinese government. Besides the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and State Administration of Radio,
Film and Television, which regulates radio and television stations in China ( SARFT ), the various services of the
PRC Internet industry are also regulated by various other governmental authorities, such as the State Council Information Office
( SCIO ), the General Administration for Press and Publication ( GAPP ), and the Ministry of Public Security.  

Among
all the regulations, the Telecommunications Regulations of the People s Republic of China, promulgated on September 25,
2000, is the primary governing law. The Telecom Regulations set out the general framework under which domestic Chinese companies
such as the Company s subsidiaries and VIE may engage in various types of telecommunications services in the PRC. They reiterate
the long-standing principle that telecommunications service providers need to obtain operating licenses as a mandatory precondition
to begin operation.  

The
Chinese government restricts foreign investment in Internet-related businesses. Accordingly, we operate our Internet-related businesses
in China through Moyi, our VIE operating in Shenzhen, China.  

Internet
Information Services  

The
governing law for Internet information service is the Measures for the Administration of Internet Information Services, or the
Internet Content Provider ( ICP ) Measures, which went into effect on September 25, 2000. Under the ICP Measures,
any entity that provides information to online Internet users must obtain an operating license from Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology ( MIIT ) or its local branch at the provincial level in accordance with the Telecom Regulations described
above. The ICP Measures further stipulate that entities providing online information services in areas of news, publishing, education,
medicine, health, pharmaceuticals and medical equipment must obtain permission from responsible national authorities prior to
applying for an operating license from MIIT or its local branch at the provincial or municipal level. Moreover, ICPs must display
their operating license numbers in a conspicuous location on their websites. ICPs must police their websites to remove categories
of harmful content that are broadly defined.  

Currently,
Moyi holds an ICP license which was issued on January 22, 2014.  

Online
Privacy  

Chinese
law does not prohibit internet service providers from collecting and analyzing personal information from their users if the users
agree to do so. The PRC government, however, has the power and authority to order internet service providers to submit personal
information of an internet user if such user posts any prohibited content or engages in illegal activities on the internet.  

Under
the Several Provisions on Regulating the Market Order of Internet Information Services ( Order ) promulgated by the
MIIT which became effective on March 15, 2012, internet service providers may not, without a user s consent, collect the
user s personal information that can be used, alone or in combination with other information, to identify the user, and may
not provide any user s personal information to third parties without the prior consent of the user. Internet service providers
may only collect users  personal information necessary to provide their services and must expressly inform the users of
the method, scope and purpose of the collection and processing of such information. They are also required to ensure the proper
security of users  personal information, and take immediate remedial measures if such information is suspected to have been
inappropriately disclosed. When a User registers to our application, we require our users to accept a user agreement whereby they
agree to provide certain personal information to us. We will take other measures as necessary to comply with these provisions.  

ICPs
are also required to establish and publish their rules relating to personal information collection or use, keep any collected
information strictly confidential, and take technological and other measures to maintain the security of such information. ICP
operators are required to cease any collection or use of the user personal information, and de-register the relevant user account,
when a given user stops using the relevant Internet service. ICP operators are further prohibited from divulging, distorting or
destroying any such personal information, or selling or providing such information unlawfully to other parties. In addition, if
an ICP operator appoints an agent to undertake any marketing and technical services that involve the collection or use of personal
information, the ICP operator is still required to supervise and manage the protection of the information. As to penalties, in
very broad terms, the Order states that violators may face warnings, fines, and disclosure to the public and, in most severe cases,
criminal liability.  

Currently,
our collection of the information from the Users is agreed to by the Users when they sign up. In addition, any data mining or
analyzing of the user data is for internal use only. We also take steps to ensure that the data collected is stored securely.  

Internet
Publishing  

On
June 27, 2002, SPPA and MIIT jointly released the Provisional Rules for the Administration of Internet Publishing, or the Internet
Publishing Rules, which define  Internet publications  as works that are either selected or edited to be published
on the Internet or transmitted to end-users through the Internet for the purposes of browsing, reading, using or downloading by
the general public. Such works mainly include content or articles formally published by press media such as: (i) books, newspapers,
periodicals, audio-visual products and electronic publications  and (ii) literature, art and articles on natural science,
social science, engineering and other topics that have been edited.  

According to the Internet Publishing
Rules, web portals like Moxian are required to apply to and register with GAPP before distributing Internet publications. Moxian
plants to apply this license at the beginning of 2017. 

Online
Games    

On
May 10, 2003, the Provisional Regulations for the Administration of Online Culture were issued by the Ministry of Culture ( MCPRC )
and went into effect on July 1, 2003 (these regulations were revised by MCPRC on July 1, 2004). According to these regulations,
commercial entities are required to apply to the relevant local branch of MCPRC for an Online Culture Operating Permit to engage
in online games services.  

On
July 27, 2004, GAPP and the State Copyright Bureau jointly promulgated the Notice on Carrying out the Decision from the State
Council Regarding the Approval of Electronic and Online Games Publications, or the Games Notice. According to the Games Notice,
the Internet Publications Distribution License is required for publishing online games.  

Currently,
Moxian holds the appropriate license which was issued by the Administration of Online Culture on November 25, 2015.  

Encryption
Software  

On
October 7, 1999, the State Encryption Administration Commission published the Regulations for the Administration of Commercial
Encryption, followed by the first Notice of the General Office of the State Encryption Administration Commission on November 8,
1999. Both of these regulations address the use of software in China with encryption functions. According to these regulations,
purchase of encryption products must be reported. Violation of the encryption regulations may result in a warning, penalty, confiscation
of the encryption product, or criminal liabilities.  

On
March 18, 2000, the Office of the State Commission for the Administration of Cryptography issued a public announcement regarding
the implementation of those regulations. The announcement clarifies the encryption regulations as below:  

Only
                                         specialized hardware and software, the core functions of which are encryption and decoding,
                                         fall within the administrative scope of the regulations as  encryption products
                                         and equipment containing encryption technology.  Other products such as wireless
                                         telephones, Windows software and browsers do not fall within the scope of this regulation.    

The
                                         PRC government has already begun to study the laws in question in accordance with WTO
                                         rules and China s external commitments, and will make revisions wherever necessary.
                                         The Administrative Regulations on Commercial Encryption will also be subject to such
                                         scrutiny and revision.    

In
late 2005, the Administration Bureau of Cryptography further issued a series of regulations to regulate the development, production
and sales of commercial encryption products, which all came into effect on January 1, 2006.  

We
believe that the Company is in proper compliance with these requirements.  

Foreign
Exchange    

Foreign
exchange regulation in China is primarily governed by the following regulations:  

Administration
                                         Rules of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange, or the Administration
                                         Rules promulgated by China People s Bank on June 20, 1996.    

Under
the Exchange Rules of the PRC, Renminbi is convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest
payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions. As for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans,
security investments and the repatriation of investment returns, however, the reservation or conversion of foreign currency incomes
is still subject to the approval of SAFE or its competent local branches  while for the foreign currency payments for capital
account items, the SAFE approval is not necessary for the conversion of Renminbi except as otherwise explicitly provided by laws
and regulations.  

Under
the Administration Rules, enterprises may only buy, sell or remit foreign currencies at banks that are authorized to conduct foreign
exchange business after the enterprise provides valid commercial documents and relevant supporting documents and, in the case
of certain capital account transactions, after obtaining approval from SAFE or its competent local branches. Capital investments
by enterprises outside of China are also subject to limitations, which include approvals by the SAFE and the National Development
and Reform Commission, or their respective competent local branches.  

On
October 21, 2005, SAFE issued the Circular on Several Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Residents
to Engage in Financing and in Return Investments via Overseas Special Purpose Companies, or Circular No. 75, which went into effect
on November 1, 2005. Circular No. 75 provides that if PRC residents use assets or equity interests in their PRC entities to establish
offshore companies or inject assets or equity interests of their PRC entities into offshore companies for the purpose of overseas
capital financing, they must register with local SAFE branches with respect to their investments in offshore companies. Circular
No. 75 also requires PRC residents to file changes to their registration if their special purpose companies undergo material events
such as capital increase or decrease, share transfer or exchange, merger or division, long-term equity or debt investments, provision
of guaranty to a foreign party, etc. SAFE further promulgated the Implementing Rules for Circular No. 75, or Circular No. 106,
clarifying and supplementing the concrete operating rules that shall be followed during the implementation and application of
Circular No. 75.  

On
August 29, 2008, the Notice of the General Affairs Department of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on the Relevant
Operating Issues concerning the Improvement of the Administration of Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-funded
Enterprises, or the Improvement Notice, was promulgated by SAFE. Pursuant to the Improvement Notice, the foreign currency capital
of Foreign Investment Entities, after being converted to Renminbi, can only be used for doing business within the business scope
approved by relevant governmental authorities, and shall not be used for domestic equity investment except as otherwise explicitly
provided by laws and regulations.  

On
July 14, 2014, SAFE issued a new Circular on Several Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Residents
to Engage in Investing and Financing and in Return Investments via Overseas Special Purpose Companies, or Circular No. 37, which
enlarges the definition of SPV comparing to the Circular No. 75, which can invest in China under Circular No. 37. The method of
investment include forming a new entity in China and through merging or acquiring a domestic company in China.  

Hong
Kong Law   

Our website is maintained through a
server in Hong Kong. Therefore, our data usage policy and regular terms of service for both our users and merchants must comply
with the applicable rules and regulations in Hong Kong SAR. As information from our Merchant Clients and Users are preserved in
Hong Kong, the law applicable to the Company is the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap 486). Non-compliance of such
rules in Hong Kong may result in a fines of up to HKD $500,000. Directors of Moxian Hong Kong may also be personally liable for
the Company s violation of Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. 

We
believe we are in compliance with the laws in Hong Kong.  

Intellectual
Property   

Trademarks    

We have registered or applied to register
the following trademarks in Mainland China, Hong Kong, and the U.S.: 

Mark  
         
      Country
    of Registration  
         
      Application
    Number  
         
      Class/Description  
         
      Current
    Owner  
         
      Status   

Hong
    Kong  
         
      302534274  
         
      Class
    9: Magnetic data carries, recording discs, data processing equipment and computers Class 35: Advertising, business management,
    business administration Class 38: Telecommunications Class 40: Treatment of materials Class 41: Entertainment Class 42: Design
    and development of computer hardware and software  
         
      Moxian
    (Hong Kong) Limited  
         
      Registered   

America  
         
      85931344  
         
      Class
    009: Magnetic data carries, recording discs, data processing equipment and computers Class 035: Advertising, business management,
    business administration Class 038: Telecommunications Class 040: Treatment of materials Class 041: Entertainment Class 042:
    Design and development of computer hardware and software  
         
      Moxian
    (Hong Kong) Limited  
         
      Registered   

China  
         
      13460852  
         
      Class
    9: Magnetic data carries, recording discs, data processing equipment and computers  
         
      Moxian
    Shenzhen Technologies Co Ltd  
         
      Registered   

China  
         
      13461178  
         
      Class
    38: Telecommunications  
         
      Moxian
    Shenzhen Technologies Co Ltd  
         
      Registered   

China  
         
      13460714  
         
      Class
    42: Design and development of computer hardware and software  
         
      Moxian
    Shenzhen Technologies Co Ltd  
         
      Pending   

China  
         
      10624504  
         
      Class
    42: Design and development of computer hardware and software  
         
      Moxian
    Shenzhen Technologies Co Ltd  
         
      Pending   

Patents  

The
patents we applied are listed as follows:  

Patent    
     Country of Registration    
     Application  Number    
     Description    
     Application  Date    
     Status  
 
     A business promotion method based on internet platform for users to access the information independently    
      China     
     201310734492.2    
     Including background  identifying steps giving feedbacks on the demands sent by terminal application steps, access end-user's real-time location information and search nearby merchants, push merchant's information and free rewards to users      
     27th December 2013    
      Pending   
 
     A method based on internet platform to achieve interactive information through QR code    
      China     
     201410235257.5    
     Including terminal  application steps, start the application terminal of internet platform, access the merchant's ID and IP on the platform through scanned QR code    
     30th May 2014    
      Pending   
 
     The method and system of pushing targeted advertising based on consumption patterns    
       China          
     201510628706.7    
     Including access user's  chat session content, analyze and abstract user's interested information, send the corresponding targeted advertising to users through data analysis    
     28th September 2015    
      Pending   
 
     The method and system of pushing targeted advertising based on chat session    
      China     
     201510628708.6    
     Including access user's  consumption record, analyze and understand user's consumption mode, send the corresponding targeted advertising to users through data analysis    
     28th September 2015    
      Pending   

Copyright  

A
copyright application for Moxian s mascot  Moya  was submitted by Moxian Shenzhen on December 2, 2013 (Application
No. 201330592230.8). Moya is a mascot representing the Moxian Platform. Below are some pictures of Moya with different expressions:  

Available
Information  

The Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a)
and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are filed with the SEC. The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange
Act and files or furnishes reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed
by the Company with the SEC are available via the Company s website at www.moxian.com when such reports are available on
the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The public may read and copy any materials filed by the Company with the SEC at the SEC s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents
of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, the Company s references to the URLs for these websites
are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Executive
Office  

Our principal executive offices are
located at Block A, 9/F, Union Plaza, 5022 Binjiang Avenue, Futian District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, China. Our telephone
number is +86 (0) 755-66803251. We maintain a website at www.moxian.com. The information contained on our website is not, and should
not be interpreted to be, a part of this report. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS  

Disclosure
in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company.  

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

Disclosure
in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company. Nevertheless, the Company does not have any unresolved
Staff comments as of the date of this report.  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES  

The Company currently does not own any
real property. We are currently renting office space in Shenzhen and Beijing. The total monthly rent is RMB 372,815 (or approximately
$57,070 per month). The Company believes that such office space is sufficient for its current needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

As
of the date hereof, we know of no material pending legal proceedings against to which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party
or of which any of our property is the subject. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, executive officers or
affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.
From time to time, we may be subject to various claims, legal actions and regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of business.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

None.  

PART
II  

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Our
common stock was quoted under the symbol  MOXC  on the OTCQB until November 14, 2016. The Company's common stock began
trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market on November 15, 2016 under the symbol  MOXC .  

For
the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock. The following quotations
reflect the high and low bids for our shares of common stock based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission
and may not represent actual transactions.  

Holders  

As of September 30, 2016 and December
22, 2016, we had 64,005,949 and 66,507,199 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. There were approximately
342 registered owners of our common stock as December 19, 2016. 

Transfer
Agent  

The transfer agent for our capital stock
is Island Stock Transfer, located at 15500 Roosevelt Boulevard, Suite 301, Clearwater, FL 33760. Their telephone number is 727-289-0010
and fax number is 727-289-0069. 

Dividend
Policy  

Any
future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends on shares of our Common Stock will be made at the discretion
of our board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions
to declare or pay dividends on our shares of Common Stock. In addition, we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. Our
board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future.  

Equity
Compensation Plan Information  

Currently,
there is no equity compensation plan in place.  

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities    

The
information below lists all of the securities sold by us during the past three years that were not registered under the Securities
Act:  

On
October 31, 2014 and November 30, 2014, Moxian Shenzhen received RMB 630,000 (approximately $102,942) and RMB 90,000 (approximately
$14,486), respectively, as loans (the  MCL Shenzhen Loans ) from Moxian China Limited. The term of such loans is twelve
months and they bear no interest. On December 31, 2014, the Company, Moxian China Limited and Moxian Shenzhen entered into a Loan
Agreement, where the Company agreed to issue a convertible promissory note (the  Note ) to Moxian China Limited for
the repayment of the MCL Shenzhen Loans.  

On
October 31, 2014 and November 30, 2014, Moxian Malaysia received a loan in the amount of MYR 118,800 (approximately $34,032) and
MYR 23,100 (approximately $6,605), respectively, from Moxian China Limited (the  MCL Malaysia Loans ). The term of
such loans is twelve months and they bear no interest. On December 31, 2014, the Company, Moxian China Limited and Moxian Malaysia
entered into a Loan Agreement, where the Company agreed to issue a Note to Moxian China Limited for the repayment of the MCL Malaysia
Loans.  

On
November 30, 2014, Moxian HK received HKD $500,000 (approximately $64,437) as a loan from Moxian China Limited (the  MCL
HK Loan ). The term of such loan is twelve months and it bears no interest. On December 31, 2014, the Company, Moxian China
Limited and Moxian HK entered into a Loan Agreement, where the Company agreed to issue a Note to Moxian China Limited for the
repayment of the MCL HK Loan.  

On
January 30, 2015, we issued a convertible note in the principal amount of $7,782,000 to REBL for the acquisitions of Moxian IP
Samoa and Moxian BVI.  

On
May 30, 2015, the Company, Moxian HK, and Jet Key entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement ( Moxian HK-Jet Key
Loan Agreement ) to document the total loan of $223,416 that Jet Key has advanced to Moxian HK in different tranches by
May 30, 2015, and in exchange, the Company agreed to issue a 12-month convertible interest free promissory note of $223,416 ( Moxian
HK-Jet Key Note ) to Jet Key. Under the Moxian HK-Jet Key Note, all or any portion of the Moxian HK-Jet Key Note is convertible
into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the conversion price equal to the purchase price of the securities sold in the Qualified
Financing. If no Qualified Financing is consummated before the maturity date, Jet Key shall have the right to convert any and
all of the Moxian HK-Jet Key Note into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the 20 day trading VWAP as reported by Bloomberg,
L.P.  

On
May 30, 2015, the Company, Moxian HK, and Ace Keen entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement ( Moxian HK-Ace Keen
Loan Agreement ) to document the total loan of $761,379 that Ace Keen has advanced to Moxian HK in different tranches by
May 30, 2015, and in exchange, the Company agreed to issue a 12-month convertible interest free promissory note of $761,379 ( Moxian
HK-Ace Keen Note ) to Ace Keen. Under the Moxian HK-Ace Keen Note, all or any portion of the Moxian HK-Ace Keen Note is
convertible into Company s Common Stock at a price equal to the purchase price of the securities sold in a qualified financing
for gross proceeds of more than $5,000,000 (a  Qualified Financing ). If no Qualified Financing is consummated before
the maturity date, Ace Keen shall have the right to convert any and all of the Moxian HK-Ace Keen Note into shares of Common Stock
at the 20 day trading Volume Weighted Average Price ( VWAP ) as reported by Bloomberg, L.P.  

On
May 30, 2015, the Company, Moxian HK, and Moxian China Limited ( MCL ) entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement
( Moxian HK-MCL Loan Agreement ) to document the total loan of $709,941 that MCL has advanced to Moxian HK in different
tranches by May 30, 2015, and in exchange, the Company agreed to issue a 12-month convertible interest free promissory note of
$709,941 ( Moxian HK-MCL Note ) to MCL. Under the Moxian HK-MCL Note, all or any portion of the Moxian HK-MCL Note
is convertible into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the conversion price equal to the purchase price of the securities
sold in the Qualified Financing. If no Qualified Financing is consummated before the maturity date, MCL shall have the right to
convert any and all of the Moxian HK-MCL Note into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the 20 day trading VWAP as reported
by Bloomberg, L.P.  

On
May 30, 2015, the Company, Moxian Malaysia, and Ace Keen entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement ( Moxian Malaysia-Ace
Keen Loan Agreement ) to document the total loan of $228,937 that Ace Keen has advanced to Moxian Malaysia in different
tranches by May 30, 2015, and in exchange, the Company agreed to issue a 12-month convertible interest free promissory note of
$228,937 ( Moxian Malaysia-Ace Keen Note ) to Ace Keen. Under the Moxian Malaysia-Ace Keen Note, all or any portion
of the Moxian Malaysia-Ace Keen Note is convertible into Common Stock of the Company at the conversion price equal to the purchase
price of the securities sold in the Qualified Financing. If no Qualified Financing is consummated before the maturity date, Ace
Keen shall have the right to convert any and all of the Moxian Malaysia-Ace Keen Note into shares of Common Stock of the Company
at the 20 day trading VWAP as reported by Bloomberg, L.P.  

On May 30, 2015, the Company, Moxian Malaysia, and Morolling International HK Limited ( Morolling; 
name changed to Vertical Venture Capital Group Limited on July 6, 2015) entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement ( Moxian
Malaysia-Morolling Loan Agreement ) to document the total loan of $765,768 that Morolling has advanced to Moxian Malaysia
in different tranches by May 30, 2015, and in exchange, the Company agreed to issue a 12-month convertible interest free promissory
note of $765,768 ( Moxian Malaysia-Morolling Note ) to Morolling with no interest and a term of repayment of 12 months.
Under the Moxian Malaysia-Morolling Note, all or any portion of the Moxian Malaysia-Morolling Note is convertible into shares
of Common Stock of the Company at the conversion price equal to the purchase price of the securities sold in the Qualified Financing.
If no Qualified Financing is consummated before the maturity date, Morolling shall have the right to convert any and all of the
Moxian Malaysia-Morolling Note into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the 20 day trading VWAP as reported by Bloomberg,
L.P. 

On
May 30, 2015, the Company, Moxian Malaysia, and MCL entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement ( Moxian Malaysia-MCL
Loan Agreement ) to document the total loan of $2,680,221 that MCL has advanced to Moxian Malaysia in different tranches
by May 30, 2015, and in exchange, the Company agreed to issue a 12-month convertible interest free promissory note of $2,680,221
( Moxian Malaysia-MCL Note ). Under the Moxian Malaysia-MCL Note, all or any portion of the Moxian Malaysia-MCL Note
is convertible into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the conversion price equal to the purchase price of the securities
sold in the Qualified Financing. If no Qualified Financing is consummated before the maturity date, MCL shall have the right to
convert any and all of the Moxian Malaysia-MCL Note into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the 20 day trading VWAP as reported
by Bloomberg, L.P.  

On
June 30, 2015, the Company, Moxian Shenzhen, and Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co., Ltd ( Bayi ) entered into an Amended
and Restated Loan Agreement to document the loan of $3,215,282 that Bayi has advanced to Moxian Shenzhen by May 30, 2015, and
in exchange, the Company agreed to issue a 12-month convertible interest free promissory note of $3,215,282 ( Moxian Shenzhen-Bayi
Note ). Under the Moxian Shenzhen-Bayi Note, all or any portion of the Moxian Shenzhen-Bayi Note is convertible into shares
of Common Stock of the Company at the conversion price equal to the purchase price of the securities in the Qualified Financing.
If no Qualified Financing is consummated before the maturity date, Bayi shall have the right to convert any and all of the Moxian
Shenzhen-Bayi Note into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the 20 day trading VWAP as reported by Bloomberg, L.P.  

The
Notes issued to Moxian China Limited by the Company in consideration of the MCL Shenzhen Loans, the MCL Malaysia Loans and the
MCL HK Loan are of substantially similar terms. The Notes will be due and payable in one year and bears no interest. Upon consummation
of a financing that generates at least $5,000,000 by the Company ( Qualified Financing ), the Notes shall automatically
convert into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the price of the Company s securities
sold in the Qualified Financing. If no Qualified Financing is consummated prior to the maturity date of Notes and as long as there
remains any outstanding principal or interest of the Notes, holders of the Notes shall have the option to convert the Notes within
30 days after the maturity date at a conversion price that is equal to the volume weighted average price of Common Stock during
a 20-day trading period prior to the conversion of the Notes.  

On August 14, 2015, the Company issued 4,292,472
shares of Common Stock to Moxian China Limited, Jet Key Limited, Ace Keen Limited, Morolling and Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co Ltd
as a result of the conversion of $8,584,944 of convertible promissory notes held by Moxian China Limited, Jet Key Limited, Ace
Keen Limited, Morolling and Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co Ltd at that moment at $1.00 per share.  

On
August 14, 2015, $3,891,000 of such note was converted into 1,945,500 shares of our common stock.  

On
September 30. 2015, we issued an additional 1,945,500 shares of our common stock to REBL upon conversion of the remainder portion
of the note.  

On
June 4, 2015, we agreed to sell Beijing Xinhua Huifeng Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) ( Xinhua ),
an aggregate of 4,095,000 shares our common stock at a per share price of $2.00 for gross proceeds of $8,190,000 (approximately
RMB50,000,000), and to issue to Xinhua, for no additional consideration, a warrant to purchase in the aggregate of 16,000,000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $4.00 per share, exercisable on or prior to July 31, 2015. The closing date
of the transaction, and the expiration date of the warrant, were both extended to December 31, 2015. On February 28, 2016, the
Company closed the transaction and issued 4,095,010 shares of the Company Common Stock to Xinhua for an aggregate purchase price
of $8,190,020, or $2.00 per share, of which $5,505,915 was received by the Company in fiscal 2015.  

The
above issuances were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation
S promulgated under the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering.   

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers  

We
have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

Disclosure
in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company.  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Introduction   

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report.   

Certain
statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements, which involve
risks and uncertainties, regarding, among other things, (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth
strategy, (c) anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our future financing plans, and (e) our anticipated needs for, and use of,
working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words  may,   will,   should, 
 anticipate,   estimate,   plan,   potential,   project,   continuing, 
 ongoing,   expects,   management believes,   we believe,   we intend, 
or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. In light of these risks and uncertainties,
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.   

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.   

The  Company,   we, 
 us,   our  or  Moxian  are references to the combined business of the (i) Moxian, Inc., a
company incorporated under the laws of Nevada  (ii) Moxian CN Group Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Independent
State of Samoa ( Moxian CN Samoa ), (iii) Moxian Intellectual Property Limited, a company incorporated under the laws
of Independent State of Samoa ( Moxian IP Samoa )  (iv) Moxian Group Limited, a company incorporated under the
laws of British Virgin Islands ( Moxian BVI ), (v) Moxian (Hong Kong) Limited, a limited liability company incorporated
under the laws of Hong Kong ( Moxian HK ), (vi) Moxian Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., a company incorporated under
the laws of People s Republic of China ( Moxian Shenzhen ), (vii) Moxian Malaysia SDN BHD ( Moxian Malaysia ),
a company incorporated under the laws of Malaysia ( Moxian Malaysia ), (viii) Moxian Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd.,
a company incorporated under the laws of People s Republic of China ( Moxian Beijing ) and (ix) Shenzhen Moyi
Technologies Co. Ltd., a contractually controlled affiliate of Moxian Shenzhen formed under the laws of People s Republic
of China ( Moyi ).  

Overview   

We
are in the O2O ( Online-to-Offline ) business. While there are many definitions of O2O, with respect to our business,
O2O means providing an online platform for small and medium sized enterprises ( SMEs ) with physical stores to conduct
business online, interact with existing customers and obtain new customers. We refer to our customers as  Merchant Clients 
and the users of our platform that are their existing and potential customers as  Users.  Through our platform and
the products and services offered through it, we seek to create interaction between our Users and Merchant Clients by allowing
Merchant Clients to study consumer behavior. Our products and services are designed to allow Merchant Clients to conduct targeted
advertising campaigns and promotions which we believe are more effective because they are geared for the customers that a Merchant
Client wishes to reach. Our platform is also designed and built to encourage Users to return and obtain new Users, each of which
is a potential customer for our Merchant Clients.  

We
believe we are different from other companies in that our plan is to sign up merchants first and build our user base utilizing
their customers. Many companies utilize a different strategy of building up a user base and then signing up paying merchants and
other clients to access that user base.  

The
current version of our platform is called  Moxian+  which consists of our user mobile application ( App )
called the Moxian+ User App and a separate App for our Merchant Clients called the Moxian+ Business App. Both versions of the
App are currently available in the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store. There is no charge to download either App. We also
have a website that can be accessed at www.moxian.com where either App can also be downloaded.  

Moxian
principally operates in mainland China with its headquarters in Shenzhen, China. We launched Moxian version 1.0 which only consists
of the User component App in Malaysia in June 2013 and subsequently in China in July 2014. During 2014 to 2015, we developed the
Apps as part of  Moxian+,  the successor to Moxian version 1.0 which was officially launched in October 2015 in China
only. In December 2015, we opened our Beijing office. We are currently operating in both Shenzhen and Beijing.   

As of September 30, 2016 and
2015, our accumulated deficit was $24,988,796 and $11,174,812, respectively. Our stockholders  deficit was $10,162 as of
September 30, 2016 and our stockholders  equity was $5,505,091 as of September 30, 2015. We have generated $21,479 and $83,870
in revenue for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our losses have principally been attributed to selling,
general administrative, advertising agency fee, impairment charge on intangible assets, depreciation and amortization and research
and development expenses. 

Recent
Developments   

As
of December 16, 2015, we entered into a Second Amendment Agreement to the Subscription Agreement (the  Second
Amendment Agreement ) with Xinhua Huifeng Investment Center Co., Ltd. (Beijing) ( Xinhua ) to amend the
Subscription Agreement entered by the Company and Xinhua ( Xinhua Subscription Agreement ) dated as of June 4,
2015, which was subsequently amended on August 13, 2015. Under the Xinhua Subscription Agreement, the Company agreed to sell
an aggregate of 4,095,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock at a per share price of $2.00 for gross proceeds of
$8,190,000 (approximately RMB50,000,000) (the  Purchase Price ) and to issue to Xinhua for no additional
consideration a warrant (the  Warrant ) to purchase in the aggregate of 16,000,000 shares of Common Stock at an
exercise price of $4.00 per share, exercisable on or prior to July 31, 2015 (the  Expiration Date ) (such
transaction, the  Transaction ). Under the Second Amendment Agreement, the Closing Date of the Transaction was
extended to December 31, 2015 and the Expiration Date of the Warrant was extended to December 31, 2015. As of February 28,
2016, we received $8,190,021 of the Purchase Price, and in turn, issued 4,095,017 shares of common stock to Xinhua. No
warrants were exercised by Xinhua and have expired.  

On
May 24, 2016 the Board of Directors approved a reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ), at a ratio of 1-for-2 (the  Reverse Stock Split ).
The Reverse Stock Split was effective on June 20, 2016 (the  Effective Date ). Simultaneously to the Reverse Stock
Split, the number of shares of the Company s authorized Common Stock was correspondingly reduced from 500,000,000 shares
to 250,000,000 shares. On July 11, 2016, the Company received FINRA s approval of the Reverse Stock Split. The Company has
retroactively restated all shares and per share data for all the periods presented.  

On September 7, 2016, the Company entered
into note conversion agreements with Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co. Ltd. and Moxian China Limited. The note conversion agreements
permitted for the conversion of promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $2 million payable by the Company into shares of common
stock at the public offering price at $4.00 per share upon the completion of our public offering. 

On November 14, 2016, the Company
announced the completion of a public offering of 2,501,250 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $4.00 per
share. The net proceeds from the offering were approximately $8.5 million after deducting placement agents' commissions and other
estimated offering expenses. In connection with the offering, the Company's common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market
on November 15, 2016 under the symbol  MOXC . 

Results
of Operations   

For
the year ended September 30, 2016 compared with the year ended September 30, 2015  

Gross
Revenues  

The Company had sales of $21,479 for
the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to $83,870 in the year ended September 30, 2015 .  

Operating
Expenses  

Operating  expenses
  for   the
  years   ended
  September 30, 2016  and
  2015   were   $13.4
million and $6.2 million,  respectively. The  expenses consisted   of
  depreciation and amortization expenses ,  research
and development ( R D )   expenses,   advertising
agency fee, selling general and administrative expense and impairment charge on intangible assets.   

Depreciation
and amortization    

The
depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.9 million and $0.8 million, respectively.
The depreciation and amortization increased by $1 million in fiscal 2016 because of the more amortization on the intangible assets.

Research
and development   

The
Research and  development expense for years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.6 million and 1.5 million, respectively.
The R D expense increased by $1.1 million in fiscal 2016 due to the expansion of our R D team in China.   

Advertising
agency fee   

The
advertising agency fee for years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.7 million and Nil, respectively. The Company incurred
$0.7 million adverting agency fee for the contract with Xinhua in fiscal 2016.   

Selling,
general and administrative   

The
selling, general and administrative expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4.9 million and $3.9 million,
respectively. The selling, general and administrative expense increased by $1 million because of our market expansion in China.

Impairment
charge on intangible assets   

For
the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a $3.3 million impairment charge on intangible assets due to negative
working capital and reduction of revenue, while no such impairment charge was recognized in fiscal 2015.   

Net
Loss  

Net loss for the years ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were $13.8 million and $6.2 million, respectively. Basic and diluted net loss per share amounted $0.17 and $0.06, respectively,
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The increase in net loss for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
year ended September 30, 2015 was due to the impairment charge on intangible assets of $3.3 million, $2.1 million increase in
R D and selling, general and administrative expense, $1 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, $0.7 million
increase in advertising agency fee and $0.5 million increase in foreign exchange loss for year ended September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

In assessing the Company s liquidity,
the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and cash equivalents and its operating and capital expenditure commitments. The Company s
liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements, operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations. As of September
30, 2016, the Company s current liabilities exceeded the current assets by approximately $4.9 million including of cash
on hand of $76,580 as compared to working capital deficit of approximately $4.1 million including cash on hand of approximately
$2.4 million as of September 30, 2015.  The Company s accumulated deficit was approximately
$25.0 million and the Company has incurred losses since inception.  

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $7.6 million as compared to net cash
used in operating activities of approximately $5.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash used in
operating activities for year ended September 30, 2016 was mainly due to a significant increase in the net loss because of approximately
$0.7 million increases in the advertising agency fee expense and $2.0 million increase in research development and selling and
general and administrative expense.  

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $0.5 million as compared to approximately
$3.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increased spending for the year ended September 30, 2015 was because the
Company expanded its operations in China and purchased approximately $2.9 million in computer and office equipment, but the related
purchase only amounted to approximately $0.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.  

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $5.8 million as compared to approximately
$9.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company completed a private
placement of approximately $8.2 million, of which approximately $5.5 million was received during the year ended September 30,
2015 and approximately $2.7 million was received by September 30, 2016. During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company
had  borrowings from related parties of $3.7 million. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company had net borrowings
from related parties of $3.1 million.  

On November
14, 2016, the Company completed an initial public offering ( IPO ) with net proceeds of $8.5 million after deducting
placement agents  commission and other offering costs, which helps the Company s cash flow in fiscal 2017. The Company
expects to increase its revenues through the expansion of its sales force to sell advertisement space in the Xinhua New Media
App and Moxian platform and to sign up more Merchant clients to increase the Users to download the Company s User App. If
the revenue does not reach the level anticipated in the Company s plan, in order to maintain working capital sufficient
to support the Company s operations and finance the future growth of its business, the Company expects to fund any cash
flow shortfalls as follows:  

Financial
                                         support commitments from two of the Company s major stockholders and two of the
                                         Company s related parties; and                                                                                                  

Issuance
                                         of shares for private placement.    

Based on the above considerations, the
Company s management is of the opinion that it has sufficient funds to meet the Company s working capital requirements
and debt obligations as they become due. However, there is no assurance that management will be successful in their plans. The
Company will require additional capital to continue to operate our business, and to further expand our business. Sources of additional
capital may come through various financing transactions or arrangements with third parties and may include equity or debt financing,
bank loans or revolving credit facilities. If our future capital raising and/or private placements do not reach the level anticipated
in our plan, and we are not able to obtain the necessary additional capital on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all,
we may be unable to implement its current plans for expansion, repay our debt obligations or respond to competitive pressures,
any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the success of these actions. There can be
no assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing its objectives. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Foreign
Operations   

Substantially
all of our business operations are conducted in Mainland China. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and
prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal developments in the PRC. We also have operations
in Hong Kong. Operating in foreign countries involves substantial risk. For example, our business activities subject us to a number
of Chinese laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions,
data privacy and security requirements, labor laws, intellectual property laws, privacy laws, and anti-competition regulations,
which have uncertainties. Any failure to comply with the PRC laws and regulations could subject us to fines and penalties, make
it more difficult or impossible to do business in China and harm our reputation.  

Operating
in foreign countries also subjects us to risk from currency fluctuations. Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency
exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating expenses. The weakening of foreign currencies relative
to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings. This could
either reduce the U.S. dollar value of our prices or, if we raise prices in the local currency, it could reduce the overall demand
for our offerings. Either could adversely affect our revenue. Conversely, a rise in the price of local currencies relative to
the U.S. dollar could adversely impact our profitability because it would increase our costs denominated in those currencies,
thus adversely affecting gross margins.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Fair
value of financial instruments   

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  ASC 820 clarifies the definition
of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used
in measuring fair value as follows:  

Level
1-Observable inputs such as unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement
date.  

Level
2-Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs
derived from or corroborated by observable market data.  

Level
3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect management s assumptions based on the best available information.  

The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, prepayment, deposits and other receivables, accruals and other payables,
loans from related parties and stock subscription payable approximate their fair values because of the short-term nature of these
instruments.  

Use
of estimates   

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the accompanying consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Significant estimates required to be made by management include but not limited to, useful lives of property and equipment, intangible
assets valuation, inventory valuation and deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Deferred
offering costs   

Deferred offering costs consist principally
of legal, underwriting and registration costs in connection with the IPO of the Company s ordinary shares. Such costs are
deferred until the closing of the offering, at which time the deferred costs are offset against the offering proceeds. 

Impairment
of long-lived Assets   

The
Company classifies its long-lived assets into: (i) computer and office equipment; (ii) furniture and fixtures, (iii) leasehold
improvements, and (iv) finite   lived intangible assets.  

Long-lived
assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of such assets may not be fully recoverable. It is possible that these assets could become impaired as a result
of technology, economy or other industry changes. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for
possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group
to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash
flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined
through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, relief from royalty income approach, quoted market
values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary.  

The
Company makes various assumptions and estimates regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors in determining the fair
values of the respective assets. The assumptions and estimates used to determine future values and remaining useful lives of long-lived
assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by various factors, including external factors such as industry and economic
trends, and internal factors such as the Company s business strategy and its forecasts for specific market expansion.  

Revenue
recognition    

The
Company currently recognizes revenue from the sale of merchandise through its online platforms. Revenue is recognized when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; the price is fixed or determinable; and
collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue was recorded on a gross basis, net of surcharges and value added tax ( VAT )
of gross sales. The Company recorded revenue on a gross basis because the Company has the following indicators for gross reporting:
it is the primary obligor of the sales arrangements, is subject to inventory risks of physical loss, has latitude in establishing
prices, has discretion in suppliers' selection and assumes credit risks on receivables from customers.  

Foreign
currency transactions and translation   

The
reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollars (the  USD ) and the functional currency of Moxian Shenzhen,
Moyi and Moxian Beijing is Renminbi (the  RMB ) as China is the primary economic environment in which they operate,
the functional currency of Moxian HK is Hong Kong Dollar (the  HKD ), and the functional currency of Moxian Malaysia
is Malaysia Ringgit (the  MYR ).  

For financial reporting purposes,
the financial statements of Moxian Shenzhen, Moyi, Moxian Beijing, Moxian HK and Moxian Malaysia, which are prepared using their
respective functional currencies, are translated into the reporting currency, United States dollar ( U.S. dollar ) so
to be consolidated with the Company s. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the reporting
currency are translated into the reporting currency at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses
are translated using average rates prevailing during the reporting period. Adjustments resulting from the translation are recorded
as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders  equity (deficit). Transaction gains of
$108,710 and $61,730 are recognized in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The
exchange rates applied are as follows:  

Items
in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and statements cash flows  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In
January 2016, the FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic
825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance is intended to improve the
recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by: (1)
requiring equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation
of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Requiring public business entities
to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (2) Requiring separate
presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities
or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; (3) Eliminating the requirement
for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required
to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; and. (4) Requiring a reporting organization
to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting
from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk (also referred to as  own credit ) when the organization has
elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. The new guidance
is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is evaluating the effect, if any, of this update on the Company's consolidated financial position, results
of operations and cash flows.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting, Leases
(Topic 840). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize leases on their balance sheets, and leaves lessor accounting largely unchanged.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early application is permitted for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases
existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, the FASB released ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting. The ASU includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based
payments. While aimed at reducing the cost and complexity of the accounting for share-based payments, the amendments are expected
to significantly impact net income, EPS, and the statement of cash flows. Implementation and administration may present challenges
for companies with significant share-based payment activities. The ASU is effective for public companies in annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard
on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing. The amendments clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance
obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance
in Topic 606. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition
requirements in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Early application for public
entities is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods
within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial
statements.  

In
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-11 Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815); Rescission
of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016
EITF Meeting, which is rescinding certain SEC Staff Observer comments that are codified in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and
Topic 932, Extractive Activities Oil and Gas, effective upon adoption of Topic 606.  The Company does not expect the
adoption of the ASU to have any impact on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients, which is intended to not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606, but rather affect only the narrow
aspects of Topic 606 by reducing the potential for diversity in practice at initial application and by reducing the cost and complexity
of applying Topic 606 both at transition and on an ongoing basis.  The Company is assessing the impact of the adoption of
the ASU on its consolidated financial statements, disclosure requirements and methods of adoption.  

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments, to provide guidance on the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement
of cash flows. The guidance specifically addresses cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the diversity in practice.
The guidance will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2018, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interest Held through Related Parties That Are under
Common Control, to provide guidance on the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by amending
how a reporting entity, that is a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held through related
parties that are under common control. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an
interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures.  

In
November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash . The amendments address diversity
in practice that exists in the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on the statement of cash flows. The
amendment is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements  

As
of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.  

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Disclosure
in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company.  

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

The
Company's consolidated financial statements, together with the report of the independent registered public accounting firms thereon
and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-1. The Company s balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015
and the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders  deficit and cash flows for the
years then ended have been audited by Friedman LLP and Dominic K.F. Chan   Co. Friedman LLP and Dominic K.F. Chan   Co
are independent registered public accounting firms. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to Regulation S-K as promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission and are included herein pursuant to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern.  

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

None.  

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

As of September 30, 2016, our Chief
Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the year covered
by this report on Form 10-K. Disclosure controls and procedure include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our Management is responsible for monitoring the process pursuant to which information is gathered and analyze such information
to determine the extent to which such information requires disclosure in the reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of September 30, 2016, the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were ineffective due to the Company s lacks of formal documented controls and procedures applicable to all
officers and directors to disclose the required information under the Exchange Act. The Company is in the process of adopting formal
documented controls and anticipates having them in place by the fiscal year end of 2017. As part of our continuous effort to remediate
the identified material weaknesses, we have initiated certain initiatives, including without limitation, appointing outside independent
directors and establishing an audit committee, adding financial personnel to our management team and prepare written policies and
procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our books monthly on an accrual basis
and account for all transactions, including equity and debt transactions. 

Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by,
or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:  

Pertain
                                         to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
                                         the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company     

Provide
                                         reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
                                         of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
                                         the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
                                         made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company 
                                         and    

Provide
                                         reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
                                         use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on
                                         the financial statements.    

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of
internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control
over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore,
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.  

As
of September 30, 2016, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
for effective internal control over financial reporting established in by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission s 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation,
they concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect
the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal
controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.  

Identified
Material Weakness   

A
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies,
that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or
detected.  

Management
identified the following material weaknesses during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of September
30, 2016:   

(1)   
       Lack of qualified full-time U.S. GAAP personnel:    

The current staff s accounting skills and understanding as to how to fulfill the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting, including financial statements consolidation and disclosure, are inadequate.   

(2)   
       Ineffective controls over financial reporting and Monitoring :   

Lack of documented controls to review and approve accounting transactions and journal adjustments. There is also no established process to ensure proper cut-offs at year-end to ensure that all transactions are accounted for accurately and in a timely manner.   

The Company lacks qualified resources to perform the internal audit functions properly and that the scope and effectiveness of the internal audit function are yet to be developed.   

(3)   
       Written Policies   Procedures :   

Due to lack of written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting, the accounting records of certain subsidiary companies and the new agreements with suppliers and customers were not properly managed.   

Lack of formal procedures for approving related party transactions.   

Lack of documented IT control policies and procedures in place, in particular that relating to security policies and password policies for IT management.   

As a result of the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by COSO (2013 framework). However, management does not believe that any of our annual or interim financial statements
issued to date contain a material misstatement as a result of the aforementioned weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting.  

Management s
Remediation Initiatives    

  In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated,
or plan to initiate, the following series of measures:  

(1)    We created and filled the Chief Financial Officer position on July 25, 2016 who assumes responsibilities,
among others, for reviewing and establishing written policies and procedures, with the necessary internal controls, to ensure that
accounting records reflect all transactions in an accurate and timely manner and form a reliable basis for the preparation of all
financial statements.                                                                                                                     

(2)    Plan
                                         to engage an IT consultant to help formalize the Company s policies and procedures
                                         on information technology, analyze the capability and reliability of existing systems,
                                         and establish an integrated information system development plan.                                                                                                                              

(3)    Review
                                         and document all key processes of the Company, including ensuring that there are sufficient
                                         internal controls at key flow-points; this being an ongoing exercise undertaken by the
                                         newly-appointed Chief Financial Officer which will be progressively carried throughout
                                         the next fiscal year with the key processes targeted for completion by April 2017.                                                                                                                                               

(4)    Design
                                         and monitor controls over financial reporting, including the introduction of a proper
                                         checklist of cut-off procedures to ensure compliance and a proper accounting of accruals
                                         and payables.                                                                          

(5)    Establish
                                         a communication channel between the CFO and the Audit Committee, which will also meet
                                         regularly, so that matters of importance are elevated to a higher level.                                                                                                                                      

(6)    Continue
                                         to provide more U.S. GAAP knowledge and SEC reporting requirement training for staff
                                         and establish formal policies and procedures as well as engaging an external accounting
                                         consultant to help with the accounting and consolidation requirements so that all compliance
                                         requirements are met.                                                                                                                

(7)    Implement
                                         an ongoing initiative and training in the Company to ensure the importance of internal
                                         controls and compliance with established policies and procedures are fully understood
                                         throughout the organization.                                                                                          

(8)    Recruit
                                         more accounting staff to ensure that there is adequate segregation of key duties.                                                                                                                                              

(9)    Establish
                                         a process to review all related party transactions to ensure that adequate controls exist
                                         to protect the Company s interest which would include a review by the Audit Committee
                                         and the Board of all related party agreements, for which there will be a complete record.    

   Changes
in internal controls over financial reporting   

Having regard to the foregoing
paragraphs, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
by this Report, which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial
reporting. 

 This annual report does not include
an attestation report of the Company s registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered independent public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report
in this annual report on Form 10-K.  

     ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

  None.  

PART
III  

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

The
following table sets forth the name and position of our current executive officers and directors.  

Name    
     Age       
     Position  
 
     James Mengdong Tan    
        55       
     President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  
 
     Hao Qing Hu    
        55       
     Director  
 
     Clarence Luo Xiao Yun    
        42       
     Vice President of Products  
 
     Tan Wan Hong    
        62       
     Chief Financial Officer  
 
      Yang Nan (1)(2)(3)      
        38       
     Independent Director  
 
      Liew Kwong Yeow (1)(2)(3)      
        62       
     Independent Director  
 
      Ajay Rajpal (1)(2)(3)      
        42       
     Independent Director  

(1)    Member of
the Audit Committee.  

(2)    Member of
the Compensation Committee.  

(3)    Member of
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.  

Mr. James Mengdong Tan   has
served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since February 2015. Mr. Tan also served as our interim Chief Executive Officer
from February 2015 until June 2015 when he was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company. Mr. Tan
has more than 20 years  experience in managing private and public companies based in Asia and in the USA. Mr. Tan is currently
the Director and CEO of 8iCapital. From 2003 until 2006, he was the Chairman and CEO of Vashion Group, a company listed on the
Singapore Stock Exchange. From 2006 until 2009, he was the Executive Director and CEO of Vantage Corporation Limited, a company
listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange. From 2006 to 2009, he served as a director on the Board of Pacific Internet Ltd, a company
listed on NASDAQ, until its sale to Connect Holdings, a group comprised of Ashmore Investment Management Limited, Spinnaker Capital
Limited and Clearwater Capital Partners. Mr. Tan graduated from the National University of Singapore (NUS) with a Bachelor of Arts
in 1985. The Board of Directors reached a conclusion that Mr. Tan should serve as a Director of the Company based on his extensive
experience in managing publicly traded companies. 

Mr. Hao Qing Hu   has
served as a director of the Company since January 1, 2016. Mr. Hao has more than 20 years of experience in managing business operations
and business strategy. Since September, 2015 he has been the General Manager of Moxian Beijing   a subsidiary of Moxian,
Inc., in charge of Moxian Beijing s overall operations. From June 2014 until September 2015, Mr. Hao was a Deputy General
Manager of Xinhua Huamei Investment Management Co., Ltd. From 2005 until May 2014, Mr. Hao was a General Manager of Shandong Debang
Construction Science and Technology Co., Ltd, where he was responsible for day to day operations and business development. Mr.
Hao received his EMBA from Tsinghua University. Mr. Hao was a board appointee of Xinhua Huifeng Equity Centre (Limited Partnership).
The Board of Directors reached a conclusion that Mr. Hao should serve as a Director of the Company based on his extensive experience
in PRC Company management. 

Ms. Yang Nan  , has served
as a director of the Company since January 1, 2016. Ms. Yang has over 15 years  working experience in international accounting
firms, experienced in accounting, auditing, financial management, internal control and risk management. From 2000 to 2014, She
was with KPMG Huazhen (Beijing) as a Senior Manager of audit department, where she accumulated experience auditing US listed companies.
Ms. Yang received her MBA degree from Guanghua School of Management, Peking University in 2014 and her Bachelor of Economics from
Renmin University of China in 2000. She is also a Certified Public Accountant ( CPA ) in both China and the United
States of America. The Board of Directors reached a conclusion that Ms. Yang should serve as an Independent Director of the Company
and the Chairman of the Audit Committee based on her extensive experience in audit and accounting matters. 

Mr. Liew Kwong Yeow   has
served as a director of the Company since June 30, 2015. Mr. Liew has more than 25 years of experience in several multi-national
organizations, such as Matsushita Denki, General Motors, Intel as well as Urmet Telecoms Italy. He served as the President, Chief
Executive Officer and director of Rebel Group, Inc. from February 27, 2013 to January 30, 2015. He also held senior positions and
was mainly responsible for quality, engineering and procurement of related products and services. In 2006, Mr. Liew was instrumental
in setting up the first manufacturing plant of Urmet telecommunications Torino Italy in China and fine-tuning its supply chains,
and with Mr. Liew s assistance, the entire operations of Urmet became significantly competitive in the China markets. Prior
to that, Mr. Liew was the General Manager of Aztech Singapore s plant in China from 2001 through 2005. From 1992 through
2001, he served as the head of QA Operations of the manufacturing facilities of Phoenix Mecano Switzerland in Singapore. Mr. Liew
received his diploma in Electrical Engineering from Singapore Polytechnics University in 1974. He also completed the management
study programs in: City and Guilds regarding Electrical and Electronics in 1974, Industrial Training Board at MOE Singapore in
1976, Matsushita DENKI Management Development Program in 1978, General Motors Institute in 1983 and Intel University in 1987. Mr.
Liew is fluent in English and Chinese. The Board of Directors reached a conclusion that Mr. Liew should serve as an Independent
Director of the Company based on his extensive experience. 

Mr. Ajay Rajpal   has
served as a director of the Company since June 16, 2016. is a Chartered Accountant, with a broad-ranging commercial experience
developed through an international career with blue chip companies, having had extensive experience in the US, Europe, Middle East
and Far East, with a particular expertise in M A, financial management and insolvency/restructuring. His recent work experience
has focused on providing Board representation and finance director services for companies quoted on AIM and private companies based
in the Far East. Mr. Rajpal is a non-executive director of New Trend Lifestyle Group Plc and Zibao Metal Recycling Holdings Plc,
and non-executive chairman of MNC Strategic Investments Plc. The Board of Directors reached a conclusion that Mr. Rajpal should
serve as an Independent Director of the Company based on his extensive experience in dealing with listed companies. 

Mr. Tan Wan Hong   has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 25, 2016. Mr. Tan trained with Grant Thornton in Liverpool, UK and was admitted
as an Associate of the Institute of Chartered Accountants (England and Wales) in 1980. He started his working career with KPMG
Kuala Lumpur in 1981 and was quickly promoted to be the Resident Manager of the Penang Office. In 1983, Mr. Tan joined one of his
clients, Island   Peninsular as the Group Financial Controller before leaving for Sime Darby, Malaysia s largest Asian-based
conglomerate in 1986. He had a successful career with Sime Darby, holding various senior positions over a span of 18 years but
left in 2004 following a reorganization of the group. In 2007, Mr. Tan joined Hong Leong Asia, Singapore on a specific assignment
in China which he completed in 2009. He then took the post of Head of Investor Relations with 361 Degrees International, a Mainland
sportswear group listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and spent the next six years as the spokesman of the Group to the international
financial community. 

Mr. Clarence Luo Xiao Yun   
has served as our Vice President of Product since January 1, 2014. Mr. Luo is a China-born Singapore citizen and has 22 years of
working experience in both China and Singapore. He received academic training in Information Systems, started his career as a CAD
(Computer Aided Architecture Design) software developer, and graduated into various management roles, including Project Management,
Product Manager, and Consulting and System Integration. Since 2011, Luo is the Managing Director for Earnest Partners PTE LTD,
a training and consulting firm. He was the Senior Product Manager, Global Services, Nokia Siemens Networks from 2011 to 2012, Senior
Product Manager, reporting to the Director of Professional Services at Motorola Global Services from 2008 to 2011. Luo received
his Bachelor degree in Science in Information Systems from the Sun Yat Sen University in 1996, master s degree in Engineering
in Wireless Communications from NUS in 1999 and MBA from Manchester University in 2011. 

None
of the events listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K has occurred during the past ten years that is material to the evaluation
of the ability or integrity of any of our directors, director nominees or executive officers.  

Board
of Directors   

All directors hold office until the
next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Directors are elected at the
annual meetings to serve for one-year terms. Officers are elected by, and serve at the discretion of, the board of directors. Our
board of directors shall hold meetings on at least a quarterly basis. 

As
a smaller reporting company under the NASDAQ rules, we are only required to maintain a board of directors comprised of at least
50% independent directors, and an audit committee of at least two members, comprised solely of independent directors who also
meet the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

Pursuant
to the terms of the Subscription Agreement with Xinhua Huifeng Investment Center Co., Ltd. (Beijing), or Xinhua, upon the completion
of the subscription, Xinhua had the right to nominate one member to the Board of Directors. On January 1, 2015, Xinhua appointed
Mr. Hao Qing Hu to the Board and like other directors, shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until
their successors have been duly elected and qualified.  

Director
Independence   

The
Board of Directors has reviewed the independence of our directors, applying the NASDAQ independence standards. Based on this review,
the Board of Directors determined that each of Yang Nan, Liew Kwong Yeow and Ajay Rajpal are independent within the meaning of
the NASDAQ rules. In making this determination, our Board of Directors considered the relationships that each of these non-employee
directors has with us and all other facts and circumstances our Board of Directors deemed relevant in determining their independence.
As required under applicable NASDAQ rules, we anticipate that our independent directors will meet on a regular basis as often
as necessary to fulfill their responsibilities, including at least annually in executive session without the presence of non-independent
directors and management.  

Board
Committees   

Our Board of Directors has established
standing committees in connection with the discharge of its responsibilities. These committees include an Audit Committee, a Compensation
Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our Board of Directors has adopted written charters for each of
these committees. Copies of the charters are available on our website. Our Board of Directors may establish other committees as
it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

Audit
Committee   

The
Audit Committee will be responsible for, among other matters:  

appointing, compensating,
retaining, evaluating, terminating, and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm;  

discussing with
our independent registered public accounting firm the independence of its members from its management;  

reviewing with our
independent registered public accounting firm the scope and results of their audit;  

approving all audit
and permissible non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm;  

overseeing the financial
reporting process and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the interim and annual
financial statements that we file with the SEC;  

reviewing and monitoring
our accounting principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls, and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;  

coordinating the
oversight by our board of directors of our code of business conduct and our disclosure controls and procedures;  

establishing procedures
for the confidential and/or anonymous submission of concerns regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters; and  

reviewing and approving
related-party transactions.  

Our
audit committee consists of Yang Nan, Liew Kwong Yeow and Ajay Rajpal. Yang Nan serves as chair of the Audit Committee. Our Board
of Directors has affirmatively determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee meets the definition of  independent
director  for purposes of serving on an Audit Committee under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and NASDAQ rules. In addition,
our Board of Directors has determined that Yang Nan qualifies as an  audit committee financial expert  as such term
is currently defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and meets the financial sophistication requirements of the NASDAQ rules.  

Compensation
Committee   

The
Compensation Committee will be responsible for, among other matters:  

reviewing and approving,
or recommending to the board of directors to approve the compensation of our CEO and other executive officers and directors;  

reviewing key employee
compensation goals, policies, plans and programs;  

administering incentive
and equity-based compensation;  

reviewing and approving
employment agreements and other similar arrangements between us and our executive officers; and  

appointing and overseeing
any compensation consultants or advisors.  

Our
Compensation Committee currently consists of Yang Nan, Liew Kwong Yeow and Ajay Rajpal. Mr Ajay Rajpal serves as chair of the
Compensation Committee. Our Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that each of the members of the Compensation Committee
meets the definition of  independent director  for purposes of serving on an Compensation Committee under NASDAQ rules.  

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee   

The
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will be responsible for, among other matters:  

selecting or recommending for selection
candidates for directorships;  

evaluating the independence of directors
and director nominees;  

reviewing and making recommendations
regarding the structure and composition of our board and the board committees;  

developing and recommending to the board
corporate governance principles and practices;  

reviewing and monitoring the Company s
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and  

overseeing the evaluation of the Company s
management.  

Our
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee consists of Yang Nan, Liew Kwong Yeow and Ajay Rajpal. Liew Kwong Yeow serves as
chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Our Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that each of the
members of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee meet the definition of  independent director  for purposes
of serving on a Nominating Committee under NASDAQ rules.  

Risk
Oversight   

Our
Board of Directors will oversee a company-wide approach to risk management. Our Board of Directors will determine the appropriate
risk level for us generally, assess the specific risks faced by us and review the steps taken by management to manage those risks.
While our Board of Directors will have ultimate oversight responsibility for the risk management process, its committees will
oversee risk in certain specified areas.  

Specifically,
our Compensation Committee will be responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our executive compensation plans
and arrangements, and the incentives created by the compensation awards it administers. Our Audit Committee will oversee management
of enterprise risks and financial risks, as well as potential conflicts of interests. Our Board of Directors will be responsible
for overseeing the management of risks associated with the independence of our Board of Directors.  

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics   

On September 7, 2016, our Board of Directors
adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of this code is available
on our website. We intend to disclose on our website any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waivers
of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes
in ownership of our common stock with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock
are required by SEC regulations to furnish to the Company copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

To our knowledge, based solely upon
review of the copies of such reports received or written representations from the reporting persons, we believe that during our
2016 fiscal year, our directors, executive officers and persons who owned more than 10% of our common stock did not comply with
Section 16(a) filing requirements, and currently they are in the process of such filings. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

Set forth below is information regarding
the compensation paid during the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 to our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer and certain of our other executive officers, who are collectively referred to as  named executive officers 
elsewhere in this annual report. 

Mr. James Mengdong Tan, who has become
our President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since February 13, 2015, has not received any compensation
and no arrangements have been entered into in relating to his compensation. 

Employment
Agreement with Mr. Luo    

On October 1, 2014, Moxian HK entered
into an agreement with Mr. Luo Xiaoyuan to serve in the role of Vice President of Product. Pursuant to the terms of this original
agreement, Mr. Luo s monthly base salary was RMB 100,000 (approximately $14,992). Mr. Luo was entitled to receive a non-qualified
stock option to purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of the Company on the earlier of the third anniversary of the date of the agreement,
and the listing of the Company on a national securities exchange. The Company shall reimburse Mr. Luo for all reasonable out of
pocket expenses in connection with travel, entertainment and other expenses incurred in the performance of his duties. 

On March 1, 2016, the compensation terms
were amended to provide that Mr. Luo s monthly base salary would be reduced to RMB 50,000 (approximately $7,496) and he
would be entitled to receive a non-statutory stock option to purchase up to 750,000 shares of the Company on the earlier of the
third anniversary of the date of the agreement, and the listing of the Company on a national securities exchange. 

 The employment agreement may be
terminated by either party by giving one month s prior written notice, or payment in lieu of appropriate notice. Mr. Luo s
employment may be terminated immediately without notice or payment in lieu, if among other things, Mr. Luo conducts himself in
a way that is inconsistent with the due and faithful discharge of his duties. The payment in lieu of notice of termination is calculated
as one month s salary equal to RMB 50,000 (approximately $77,496). 

   Employment Agreement with Mr. Tan   

 On July 25, 2016, Moxian HK entered
into an agreement with Mr. Wan Hong Tan to serve in the role of Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the terms of such employment
agreement, Mr. Tan s monthly base salary is RMB 35,000 (approximately $5,247) for the probation period, which is the initial
three months from the date of the employment agreement, and thereafter, RMB 40,000 (approximately $5,997). During the probation
period, the employment agreement may be terminated by giving one week s prior written notice. After the probation, the employment
agreement may be terminated by either party by giving one month s prior written notice, or payment in lieu of appropriate
notice. Mr. Tan s employment may be terminated immediately without notice or payment in lieu, if among other things, Mr.
Tan conducts himself in a way that is inconsistent with the due and faithful discharge of his duties. The Company shall reimburse
Mr. Tan for all reasonable out of pocket expenses in connection with travel, entertainment and other expenses incurred in the performance
of his duties. The payment in lieu of notice of termination is calculated as one month s salary equal to RMB 40,000 (approximately
$5,997). 

Outstanding
Equity Incentive Awards At Fiscal Year-End    

  None.   

    Director
Compensation     

  Ms.
Yang Nan, one of our independent directors, entered into an agreement on January 1, 2016, which provides for compensation equal
to $5,000 per month.   

  Mr.
Liew Kwong Yeow, one of our independent directors, entered into an agreement on January 1, 2016 which provides for compensation
equal to $3,000 per month.   

Mr. Hao Qing Hu, our non-executive
director, entered into an agreement on January 1, 2016, which provides for director compensation equal to $5,000 per month.  

Mr.
Ajay Rajpal, one of our independent directors, entered into an agreement on June 16, 2016, which provides for compensation equal
to $5,000 per month.   

  The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to our directors during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 : 

   DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION   

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation     

  None
of our officers currently serves, or has served during the last completed fiscal year, on the compensation committee or board
of directors of any other entity that has one or more officers serving as a member of our board of directors.  

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

The following table sets forth, as of
December 19, 2016, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each stockholder known by
us to own beneficially five percent or more of our outstanding common stock or series a common stock; (ii) each director; (iii)
each named executive officer; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group, and their percentage ownership and
voting power. 

The
information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these
rules, a person is deemed to be a  beneficial owner  of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote
or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to
own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within
sixty (60) days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option, or other right. More than one
(1) person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person
as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number
of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within sixty (60) days, by the sum of the
number of shares outstanding as of such date. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different
for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws, we believe that the
beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.  

The column entitled  Percentage
of Shares Beneficially Owned  is based on a total of 66,507,199 shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 19,
2016. 

(1)     Except
                                         as otherwise set forth below, the address of each beneficial owner is Room 2003, Building
                                         B, King Key 100, Hongbao Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen 518000, China.   
 
  (2)    Includes
                                         (i) 19,830,000 shares of Common Stock that Stellar Elite Limited owns and (ii) 9,990,000
                                         shares of Common Stock that Good Eastern Investment Holding Limited owns. Mr. Tan, is
                                         the sole director and sole shareholder of Stellar Elite Limited, and is a member and
                                         director of Good Eastern Investment Holding Limited.   
 
  (3)    Includes
                                         4,095,010 shares of Common Stock that Beijing Xinhua Huifeng Equity Investment Centre
                                         (Limited Partnership) (Beijing) owns. Mr. Hao is the Managing Principal of Beijing Xinhua
                                         Huifeng Equity Investment Centre (Limited Partnership).   
 
  (4)    Mr.
                                         Tan, our Chief Executive Officer and President, is a sole member and director of Good
                                         Eastern Investment Holding Limited and is deemed to have sole voting and dispositive
                                         power over the shares.   
 
  (5)    Mr.
                                         Ng Ka Lam, is the sole member and director of Moxian China Limited and is deemed to have
                                         sole voting and dispositive power over the shares.   
 
  (6)    Mr.
                                         Tan, our Chief Executive Officer and President, is the Chief Executive Officer of Amazing
                                         Wave Limited, a Samoa company and the sole shareholder of Stellar Elite Limited and is
                                         deemed to have sole voting and dispositive power over the shares.   
 
  (7)    Mr.
                                         Hao is the Managing Principal of Beijing Xinhua Huifeng Equity Investment Centre (Limited
                                         Partnership) and is deemed to have sole voting and dispositive power over the shares.   
 
  (8)    Mr
                                         Leong Khien Kiee and Mr Leong Aan Yee, are the directors of Rebel Group, Inc. and are
                                         deemed to share voting and dispositive power over the shares.    

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

The
following is a description of transactions since October 1, 2013, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or
will exceed the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets as at the year-end for the last two completed
fiscal years, and to which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5% of our capital stock,
or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest.  

Our
policy is that a contract or transaction either between the Company and a director, or between a director and another company
in which he is financially interested is not necessarily void or void-able if the relationship or interest is disclosed or known
to the board of directors and the stockholders are entitled to vote on the issue, or if it is fair and reasonable to our company.  

Service
and Consultancy Agreement with REBL   

On
March 1, 2014, 8i Capital Limited ( 8i Capital ), a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands,
of which our CEO, James Mengdong Tan is a sole member and director, entered into a service and consultancy agreement (the  Consultancy
Agreement ) with SCA Capital Limited, a subsidiary of Rebel Group, Inc. (REBL). Under the Consultancy Agreement, 8i Capital
agreed to provide corporate service to SCA Capital to assist it with the reverse merger acquisition of a company listed on the
OTCQB ( Listco ) and general business advisory service. In consideration, SCA Capital agreed to (i) pay $500,000 in
total to 8i Capital, (ii) issue 5% of total shares of the Listco on a fully-diluted basis after the reverse acquisition and (iii)
pay a retainer fee of $240,000 to 8i Capital per year. Mr. Tan is deemed as a promoter as defined under Rule 405 of Regulation
C promulgated under the Securities Act.  

In
February 2013, Mr. Tan assisted in the negotiation of the acquisition of approximately 77.26% of the then outstanding shares of
REBL by three purchasers from the former shareholder of REBL. Mr. Tan also later offered consulting and business advisory services
to REBL in connection with REBL s reverse acquisition of Moxian BVI and its operating business in April 2013. In February
2014, Mr. Tan assisted in structuring the sale of all of the equity interests of Moxian BVI, a former direct subsidiary of REBL,
and the license of the intellectual property rights of REBL to the Company pursuant to a License and Acquisition Agreement.  

On
February 21, 2014, we acquired Moxian BVI, together with its subsidiaries, Moxian HK, Moxian Shenzhen, and Moxian Malaysia through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, Moxian CN Samoa from REBL, by entering into a License and Acquisition Agreement (the  License
and Acquisition Agreement ) in consideration of $1,000,000 ( Moxian BVI Purchase Price ). As a result, Moxian
BVI, together with its subsidiaries, Moxian HK, Moxian Shenzhen, and Moxian Malaysia, became our subsidiaries. Under the License
and Acquisition Agreement, REBL also agreed to grant us the exclusive right to use REBL s intellectual property rights (collectively,
the  IP Rights ) in Mainland China, Malaysia, and other countries and regions where REBL conducts its business (the
 Licensed Territory ), and the exclusive right to solicit, promote, distribute and sell REBL products and services
in the Licensed Territory for five years (the  License, ) and in consideration of such License, the Company agreed
to pay to REBL (i) $1,000,000 as license maintenance royalty each year commencing on the first anniversary of the date of the
License Agreement; and (ii) 3% of the gross profits resulting from the distribution and sale of the products and services on behalf
of the Company as an earned royalty.  

In
January 2015, Mr. Tan, through 8i Capital, assisted with the share exchange transaction among REBL, Rebel Holdings Limited, a
company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of REBL ( Rebel FC )
and the Rebel FC Stockholder.  

On
January 30, 2015, the Company entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement (the  Equity Transfer Agreement,  such transaction,
the  Equity Transfer Transaction ) with REBL, to acquire from REBL 100% of the equity interests of Moxian IP Samoa
for $6,782,000 (the  Moxian IP Samoa Purchase Price ). Moxian IP Samoa owns all the intellectual property rights relating
to the operation, use and marketing of the Moxian Platform, including all of the trademarks, patents and copyrights that are used
in the Company s business. As a result of the Equity Transfer Transaction, Moxian IP Samoa became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. In addition, under the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Company and REBL agreed to terminate the License and Acquisition
Agreement. Immediately prior to the execution of the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Moxian BVI Purchase Price was not yet paid
and no license maintenance royalty or earned royalty under the License and Acquisition Agreement had accrued. 8i Capital also
provided business advisory service to REBL regarding the Equity Transfer Transaction.  

The
Company agreed to issue to REBL a convertible promissory note for $7,782,000 (the  Rebel Note ), representing the
sum of the Moxian IP Samoa Purchase Price and the Moxian BVI Purchase Price. The Rebel Note was due and payable on October 30,
2015 without any interest. The Company had the option to cause REBL to convert any and all amounts due under the Rebel Note into
shares of the Company s Common Stock at the conversion price of $2.00 per share (the  Conversion Price ), if
the volume weighted average price (the  VWAP ) of the Company s Common Stock for a period of 30 trading days
immediately prior to the date of conversion was higher than the Conversion Price. The Company also had a right of first refusal
to purchase the shares issuable upon conversion of the Rebel Note at the price of 80% of the VWAP for 30 trading days immediately
prior to the date of the proposed repurchase by the Company, or at the price of $2.00 per share if such purchase is lower than
$2.00.  

On
August 14, 2015, the VWAP of the Company s Common Stock for 30 trading days prior to August 14, 2015 was higher than $2.00,
which triggered the conversion of the Rebel Note. The Company notified REBL that it elected to cause it to convert $3,891,000
of the Rebel Note into 1,945,500 shares of its Common Stock (the  August Conversion ). As a result of the August Conversion,
the remaining amount of the Rebel Note was $3,891,000.  

On
September 30, 2015, the Company notified REBL that it elected to cause it to convert the remainder of the Rebel Note into 1,945,500
shares of the Company s Common Stock (the  September Conversion ). After the August Conversion and September
Conversion, the entire balance of the Rebel Note was converted into total of 3,891,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock.  

Related
Party Transaction with Shareholders   

For the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company
obtained additional borrowings, net of repayment, aggregated of $3,146,157 from Morolling, Moxian China Limited, Ace Keen, Hao
Qing Hu, Zhang Xin, Zhongtou and Xinhua and Bayi. 

For the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company
obtained additional borrowings, net of repayment, aggregated of $3,730,113 from Jet Key, Ace Keen and Bayi. 

The loans and advance were made by shareholders to
Moxian HK, Moxian Shenzhen, Moyi, Moxian Beijing and Moxian Malaysia and are unsecured, interest free and due on various dates
specified on loan agreements. 

On November 30, 2013, Moyi and
Jet Key entered into a loan agreement whereby Jet Key agreed to provide a loan to Moyi in aggregate of $76,459 (RMB 510,000)
without interest and due in three years. 

On March 28, 2015, Moyi and Ace
Keen entered into a loan agreement whereby Ace Keen agreed to provide a loan to Moyi in aggregate of $22,488 (RMB 150,000)
without interest and due in two years. 

On September 30, 2015, Moxian
Shenzhen and Bayi entered into a loan agreement whereby Bayi agreed to provide a loan to Moxian Shenzhen in aggregate of
$1,226,350 (RMB 8,180,000) without interest and due in one year. 

On November 9, 2015, Moxian HK and Zhang Xin entered
into a loan agreement whereby Zhang Xin agreed to provide a loan to Moxian HK in aggregate of $98,969 (HKD 767,500) without interest
and due in one year. 

From November 12, 2015 through June 15, 2016, Moxian
HK and Moxian Malaysia and Moxian China Limited entered into fifteen loan agreements whereby Moxian China Limited agreed to provide
loans to Moxian HK in aggregate of $838,874 (HKD 6,505,440) without interest and due in one year. For the year ended September
30, 2016, Moxian HK repaid $368 and Moxian Malaysia repaid 48,361 to Moxian China Limited. 

On November 20, 2015, Moxian HK and Ace Keen entered
into a loan agreement whereby Ace Keen agreed to provide a loan to Moxian HK in aggregate of $75,985 (HKD 589,259) without interest
and due in one year. 

From July 4, 2016 through September 30, 2016, Moxian
HK and Morolling entered into sixteen loan agreements, whereby Morolling agreed to provide loans to Moxian HK in aggregate of $914,014
without interest and due in one year. 

From October 19, 2015 through September
30, 2016, Moxian Shenzhen and Bayi entered into twenty-eight loan agreements whereby Bayi provided loans to Moxian Shenzhen in
aggregate of $2,484,608 (RMB 16,572,883) without interest and due in one year. For the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company
repaid $1,733,110 to Bayi. 

From April 1, 2016 through September 12, 2016, Moxian
Shenzhen and Xinhua entered into six loan agreements whereby Xinhua agreed to provide loans to Moxian Shenzhen in aggregate of
$382,297 (RMB 2,550,000) without interest and due in one year. 

From February 3, 2016 through June 28, 2016, Moxian
Beijing and Zhongtou entered into two loan agreements whereby Zhongtou agreed to provide loans to Moxian Bejing in aggregate of
$16,161 (RMB 107,800) without interest and due on demand. 

From March 10, 2016 through July 15, 2016, Moxian Beijing
and Xinhua entered into two loan agreements whereby Xinhua agreed to provide loans to Moxian Beijing in aggregate of $110,941 (RMB
740,000) without interest and due on demand. 

From February 29, 2016 through September 18, 2016,
Moxian Beijing advanced $58,419 (RMB 389,668) from Hao Qing Hu, a director of the Company and repaid $47,858 (RMB 319,200). 

On February 26, 2016, Shenzhen
Moyi and Bayi entered into a loan agreement whereby Bayi agreed to provide a loan to Shenzhen Moyi in aggregate of $32,734
(RMB 218,340) without interest and due in one year. The loan was fully repaid on September 7, 2016. 

On May 4, 2016, Moxian Malaysia and Jet Key entered
into a loan agreement whereby Jet Key agreed to extend the original loan to Moxian Malaysia in aggregate of $122,144 signed on
May 4, 2015 without interest and due on demand. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  

Audit
Fees  

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, for
the fiscal years indicated.  

The
category of   Audit fees   (excluding out of pocket expenses) includes fees for our annual audit, quarterly
reviews and services rendered in connection with regulatory filings with the SEC, such as the issuance of comfort letters and
consents.  

The
category of   Audit-related fees   includes employee benefit plan audits, internal control reviews and accounting
consultation.  

All
above audit services and audit related services were pre-approved by the Board of Directors and Audit Committee for the fiscal
years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, which concluded that the provision of such service by Friedman LLP and Dominic K.F. Chan
  Co. were compatible with maintenance of the firm s independence in the conduct of its audits.  

PART
IV  

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

(a)      Financial
                                         Statements     

The
following are filed as part of this report:  

Financial
Statements  

The
following financial statements of Moxian, Inc. and Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms are presented in
the  F  pages of this report:  

PAGES  

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS   

F-2  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

F-4  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

F-5  

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  (DEFICIT)   

F-6  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

F-7  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

F-8
  F-21  

(b)   
       Exhibits    

The
following exhibits are filed or  furnished  herewith:  

Exhibit  
          Number   
       
       Description    

3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed on October 12, 2010 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2011).   

3.2  
       
      Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed on May 2, 2011 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 9, 2011).   

3.3  
       
      Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation filed on December 9, 2013 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 19, 2013).   

3.4  
       
      Bylaws (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2011).   

4.1  
       
      Specimen Stock Certificate of Common Stock of Moxian, Inc. (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 22, 2015).   

10.1  
       
      Subscription Agreement dated as of April 24, 2015 by and between the Company and Zhongtou Huifeng Investment Management (Beijing) Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2015).   

10.2  
       
      Form of Termination Agreement dated as of June 4, 2015 by and between the Company and Zhongtou Huifeng Investment Management (Beijing) Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 14, 2015).   

10.3  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement dated as of June 4, 2015 by and between the Company and Xinhua Huifeng Investment Center Co., Ltd. (Beijing). (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 14, 2015).   

10.4  
       
      Form of Amendment Agreement dated as of August 14, 2015 by and between the Company and Xinhua Huifeng Investment Center Co., Ltd. (Beijing) Co. Ltd.( (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2015)   

10.5  
       
      Form of Second Amendment Agreement dated as of December 16, 2015 by and between the Company and Xinhua Huifeng Investment Center Co., Ltd. (Beijing) Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2015).   

10.6  
       
      Loan Agreement dated May 4, 2015 by and between Jet Key Limited and Moxian Malaysia SDN BHD (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2015).   

10.7*  
       
      Loan Agreement dated May 4, 2016 by and between Jet Key Limited and Moxian Malaysia SDN BHD.    

10.8  
       
      Loan Agreement by and between the Moxian Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., and Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co. Ltd. dated June 30, 2015 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2015).   

10.9  
       
      Loan Agreement by and between Moxian Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., and Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co. Ltd. dated September 30, 2015 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2015).   

10.10  
       
      Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement by and between Moxian Shenzhen and Moyi, dated July 15, 2014 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2014).   

10.11  
       
      Loan Agreement by and among Moxian Shenzhen, Zhang Guo Hui and Guan Fen Sheng, dated July 15, 2014 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2014) .   

10.12  
       
      Share Pledge Agreement by and among Moxian Shenzhen, Zhang Guo Hui and Guan Fen Sheng, dated July 15, 2014 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2014).   

10.13  
       
      Exclusive Option Agreement by and among Moxian Shenzhen, Zhang Guo Hui and Guan Fen Sheng, dated July 15, 2014 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2014).   

10.14  
       
      Moxian Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Oracle Product Supply Contract, by and between Moxian Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. and Guangzou SIE Consulting Co., Ltd., dated April 27, 2015 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2016)   

10.15  
       
      Share Cancellation Agreement by and among Moxian, Inc., and each of Good Eastern Investments Holdings, Moxian China Limited and Stellar Elite Limited, dated February 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2016).   

10.16  
       
      Independent Director Agreement by and between Moxian, Inc. and Yang Nan, dated January 1, 2016  (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 12, 2016).   

10.17  
       
      Independent Director Agreement by and between Moxian, Inc. and Liew Kwong Yeow, dated January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2016).   

10.18  
       
      Lease Agreement by and between Moxian Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. and Cai Bingquan, dated July 22, 2015 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2016).   

10.19  
       
      Lease Agreement by and between Moxian Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and Beijing Zhongjia Real Estate Broker Co., Ltd., dated August 27, 2015. (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2016).   

10.20  
       
      Director Agreement by and between Moxian, Inc. and Hao Qing Hu, dated January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 19, 2016).   

10.21  
       
      Employment Agreement by and between Moxian (Hong Kong) Limited and Mr. Luo Xiaoyuan, dated October 1, 2014, as amended on March 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2016).   

10.22  
       
      Advertising Sole Agency Agreement of Xinhua New Media Culture Communication Co., Ltd., dated December 31, 2015 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 12, 2016).   

10.23  
       
      Employment Agreement by and between Moxian (Hong Kong) Limited and Mr. Tan Wan Hong, dated July 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 12, 2016).   

10.24  
       
      Independent Director Agreement by and between Moxian, Inc. and Ajay Rajpal (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2016).   

10.25  
       
      Note Conversion Agreement by and between Moxian, Inc. and the note holders named therein, dated September 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 19, 2016).   

10.26*  
       
     Loan Agreement by and between the Moxian Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co. Ltd. dated December 25, 2015.  

10.27*  
       
     Schedule of Loan Agreements substantially identical in all material respects to the Loan Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.26 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Instruction 2 To Item 601 of Regulation S-K.  

14.1  
       
      Code of Ethics of Moxian, Inc. Applicable To Directors, Officers And Employees (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2016).   

21  
       
      List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 22, 2015).   

23*  
       
      Consent of Centurion ZD CPA Ltd. (fka DCAW (CPA) Ltd. as successor to Dominic K.F. Chan   Co.)   

31.1*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2*  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2*  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document.*   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.*   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.*   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.*   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.*   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.*   

*  
      Filed
    herewith.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

MOXIAN,
    INC.    

Date:
    December 22, 2016   
      By:  
        /s/
    James Mengdong Tan     

Name:  
      James
    Mengdong Tan   

Title:   
      Chief
    Executive Officer   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

MOXIAN,
    INC.    

Date:
    December 22, 2016   
      By:  
        /s/
    Tan Wan Hong     

Name:  
      Tan
    Wan Hong   

Title:   
      Chief
    Financial Officer   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signature   
           
       Title   
           
       Date    

/s/
    James Mengdong Tan   
       
      President,
Chief Executive Officer and Director  
       
      December
    22, 2016    
 
      James
    Mengdong Tan  
       
      (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/
    Tan Wan Hong   
       
      Chief
Financial Officer  
       
      December
    22, 2016    
 
      Tan
    Wan Hong  
       
     (Principal
    Accounting  and Financial
    Officer)  

/s/
    Liew Kwong Yeow   
       
      Independent
    Director  
       
      December
    22, 2016    
 
      Liew
    Kwong Yeow  

/s/
    Hao Qing Hu   
       
      Director  
       
      December
    22, 2016    
 
      Hao
    Qing Hu  

/s/
    Yang Nan   
       
      Independent
    Director  
       
      December
    22, 2016    
 
      Yang
    Nan  

/s/
    Ajay Rajpal   
       
      Independent
    Director  
       
      December
    22, 2016    
 
      Ajay
    Rajpal  

MOXIAN,
INC.  

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

  (Stated
in US Dollars)  

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

PAGES  

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS   

F-2  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

F-4  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

F-5  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)   

F-6  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

F-7  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

F-8
  F-21  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
 
Moxian, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Moxian, Inc., subsidiaries and affiliate (collectively, the  Company ) as of September
30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity (deficit), and
cash flows for the year then ended. The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September
30, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

New York, New York  
December 22, 2016 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm  

 To: The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
        Moxian, Inc. 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Moxian, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ) as of September 30, 2015 and 2014, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, shareholders  equity and cash flows for each of the
years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014. These consolidated financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of September
30, 2015 and 2014, and the results of its operations and comprehensive income, and its cash flows for each of the years ended September
30, 2015 and 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 As discussed in Note 2 to the accompanying financial
statements, the financial statements of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2015 have been restated to correct certain
misstatements. 

 /s/ Dominic K.F. Chan   Co 
Dominic K.F. Chan   Co 
Certified Public Accountants 
Hong Kong, December 15, 2015 
Except for Note 2 dated February 17, 2016 and Note 10 dated August 12, 2016 

MOXIAN,
INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

*
Retroactively restated for effect of 1 for 2 reverse stock split on June 20, 2016  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

MOXIAN,
INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

*
Retroactively restated for effect of 1 for 2 reverse stock split on June 20, 2016  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

MOXIAN,
INC.  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)   For
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

MOXIAN,
INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

*
Retroactively restated for effect of 1 for 2 reverse stock split on June 20, 2016  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

1.   
      Organization  and   natu  re
      of  operations   

Moxian, Inc. (formerly known as Moxian China,
Inc., hereinafter referred as  Moxian,  together with its subsidiaries and variable interest entity, the  Company ),
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on October 12, 2010. The Company, through its subsidiaries and variable
interest entity, engages in the business of operating a social network platform that integrates social media and business into
one single platform. The Company is currently devoting its efforts to develop mobile application and online platform that facilitate
the small to medium size businesses to attract more clients. The Company s ability to generate sufficient funds to meet
its working capital requirements is dependent upon its ability to develop additional sources of capital, develop apps and websites,
generate servicing income, and ultimately, achieve profitable operations (see Note 2). 

On February 17, 2014, the Company
incorporated Moxian CN Group Limited ( Moxian CN Samoa ) under the laws of Independent State of Samoa. 

On February 21, 2014, Moxian
acquired Moxian Group Limited ( Moxian BVI ), together with its subsidiaries, Moxian (Hong Kong) Limted ( Moxian
HK ), Moxian Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. ( Moxian Shenzhen ), and Moxian Malaysia SDN BHD ( Moxian
Malaysia ) through our wholly owned subsidiary, Moxian CN Samoa from Rebel Group, Inc. ( REBL ), a company incorporated
in the State of Florida and of which our Chief Executive Officer, James Mengdong Tan, is a promoter as the term is defined under
Rule 405 of Regulation C promulgated under the Securities Act, by entering into a License and Acquisition Agreement (the  License
and Acquisition Agreement ) in consideration of $1,000,000 ( Moxian BVI Purchase Price ). As a result, Moxian
BVI, together with its subsidiaries, Moxian HK, Moxian Shenzhen, and Moxian Malaysia, became the Company s subsidiaries.
Under the License and Acquisition Agreement, REBL also agreed to grant us the exclusive right to use REBL s intellectual
property rights (collectively, the  IP Rights ) in Mainland China, Malaysia, and other countries and regions where
REBL conducts its business (the  Licensed Territory ), and the exclusive right to solicit, promote, distribute and
sell REBL products and services in the Licensed Territory for five years (the  License, ) and in consideration of
such License, the Company agreed to pay to REBL (i) $1,000,000 as license maintenance royalty each year commencing on the first
anniversary of the date of the License Agreement  and (ii) 3% of the gross profits resulting from the distribution and sale
of the products and services on behalf of the Company as an earned royalty. 

Moxian BVI was incorporated on July
3, 2012 under the laws of British Virgin Islands. REBL owned 100% equity interests of Moxian BVI prior to the closing of the License
and Acquisition Agreement, among the Company, Moxian BVI and REBL. 

Moxian HK was incorporated on January 18,
2013 and became Moxian BVI s subsidiary since February 14, 2013. Moxian HK is currently engaged in the business of online
social media. Moxian HK operates through two wholly owned subsidiaries: Moxian Shenzhen and Moxian Malaysia. 

Moxian Shenzhen was invested and wholly
owned by Moxian HK. Moxian Shenzhen was incorporated on April 8, 2013 and is engaged in the business of internet technology, computer
software, commercial information consulting 

Moxian Malaysia was incorporated on
March 1, 2013 and became Moxian HK s subsidiary since April 2, 2013. Moxian Malaysia is conducting its business in IT services
and media advertising industry. 

Shenzhen Moyi Technologies Co., Ltd.
( Moyi ) was incorporated on July 19, 2013 under the laws of the People s Republic of China and became a variable
interest entity ( VIE ) of Moxian Shenzhen since July 15, 2014. Moxian Shenzhen controls Moyi through arrangement that
absorbs operations risk, as if Moyi is a wholly owned subsidiary of Moxian Shenzhen. 

Moxian Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
( Moxian Beijing ) was incorporated on December 10, 2015 under the laws of the People s Republic of China and
is a wholly owned subsidiary of Moxian Shenzhen. 

On January 30, 2015, the Company entered
into an Equity Transfer Agreement (the  Equity Transfer Agreement,  such transaction, the  Equity Transfer Transaction )
with REBL, to acquire from REBL 100% of the equity interests of Moxian Intellectual Property Limited, a company incorporated under
the laws of Samoa and a wholly owned subsidiary of REBL ( Moxian IP Samoa ) for $6,782,000 (the  Moxian IP Samoa
Purchase Price ) (see Note 7). Moxian IP Samoa owns all the intellectual property rights relating to the operation, use and
marketing of the Moxian Platform, including all of the trademarks, patents and copyrights that are used in the Company s
business. As a result of the Equity Transfer Transaction, Moxian IP Samoa became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On November 14, 2016, the Company announced
the completion of a public offering of 2,501,250 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $4.00 per
share. The gross proceeds from the offering were approximately $10,005,000 before deducting placement agents' commissions and
other offering expenses, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $8.5 million. In connection with the offering, the Company's
common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market beginning on November 15, 2016 under the symbol  MOXC . 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

2.      Summary     of 
 principal   accounting   policies     

Basis  of 
 presentation and consolidation   

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America ( U.S. GAAP ) and reflect the activities of the following subsidiaries and VIE: Moxian CN Samoa, Moxian BVI,
Moxian HK, Moxian Shenzhen, Moxian Malaysia, Moyi, Moxian Beijing and Moxian IP Samoa. All intercompany transactions and balances
have been eliminated in the consolidation. 

On May 24, 2016 the Board of approved
a reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common
Stock ), at a ratio of 1-for-2 (the  Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split was effective on June 20,
2016 (the  Effective Date ). Simultaneously to the Reverse Stock Split, the number of shares of the Company s
authorized Common Stock was correspondingly reduced from 500,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares without changes in par value
per share. The Company has retroactively restated all shares and per share data for all the periods presented. 

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, variable
interest entities ( VIEs ) are generally entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial
support from other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision making ability. All VIEs with which the Company is involved
must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required
to consolidate the VIE for financial reporting purposes. 

Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 810-10  Consolidation  addresses whether certain types of entities referred to as VIEs, should
be consolidated in a company s consolidated financial statements. Pursuant to an Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
by and between Moxian Shenzhen and Moyi, dated July 15, 2014, Moxian Shenzhen has the exclusive right to provide to Moyi technical
and systems support, marketing consulting services, training for technical personnel and technical consulting services. As payment
for these services, Moyi has agreed to pay Moxian Shenzhen a service fee equal to 100% Moyi s pre-tax profit. In addition,
Moxian Shenzhen will also absorb losses from Moyi, if any, based on the service agreement. In accordance with the provisions of
ASC 810, the Company has determined that Moyi is a VIE of Moxian Shenzhen and that the Company is the primary beneficiary, and
accordingly, the financial statements of Moyi are consolidated into the financial statements of the Company. 

Reclassification  

Certain
prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

Liquidity and
Capital Resources  

In
assessing the Company s liquidity, the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and cash equivalents and its operating and
capital expenditure commitments. The Company s liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements, operating expenses
and capital expenditure obligations. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s current liabilities exceeded the current assets
by approximately $4.9 million, its accumulated deficit was approximately $25.0 million and the Company has incurred losses since
inception.   

On
November 14, 2016, the Company completed an initial public offering ( IPO ) with net proceeds of $8.5 million after
deducting placement agents  commission and other offering costs, which helps the Company s cash flow in fiscal 2017.
The Company expects to increase its revenues through the expansion of its sales force to sell advertisement space in the Xinhua
New Media App and Moxian platform and to sign up more Merchant clients to increase the Users to download the Company s User
App. If the revenue does not reach the level anticipated in the Company s plan, in order to maintain working capital sufficient
to support the Company s operations and finance the future growth of its business, the Company expects to fund any cash
flow shortfalls as follows:  

Financial support commitments from two of the Company s major stockholders and two of the Company s related parties;
and                

Issuance of shares for private placement.   

Based on the above considerations, the Company s management is of the opinion that it has sufficient
funds to meet the Company s working capital requirements and debt obligations as they become due. However, there is no assurance
that management will be successful in their plans. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

2.      Summary     of 
 principal   accounting   polic  ies
(continued)      

Risks and
Uncertainties  

The
Company s operations are substantially carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations maybe substantially influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC, and by the
general state of the PRC s economy. The Company s operations in the PRC are subject to specific considerations and
significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with,
among others, the political, economic and legal environments and foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be
adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency
conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things.  

Fair value
of financial instruments  

The Company
follows the provisions of ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair
value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring
fair value as follows: 

Level
1-Observable inputs such as unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement
date.  

Level
2-Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs
derived from or corroborated by observable market data.  

Level
3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect management s assumptions based on the best available information.  

The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, prepayment, deposits and other receivables, accruals and other payables,
loans from related parties and stock subscription payable approximate their fair values because of the short-term nature of these
instruments.  

Use of estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates required
to be made by management include but not limited to, useful lives of property and equipment, intangible assets valuation, inventory
valuation and deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and
cash equivalents  

The Company considers all short-term
highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have original maturities of three months or
less to be cash equivalents.. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, substantially all of the Company s cash and cash equivalents
were deposited in financial institutions located in the PRC. To limit exposure to credit risk relating to bank deposits, the
Company primarily places bank deposits with large financial institutions in the PRC with acceptable credit rating. 

Restricted
cash  

The Company is required to maintain
certain deposits with credit card institutions for advances. These balances are subject to withdrawal restrictions and totaled
$65,590 and Nil as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Inventories  

Inventories consist of merchandise
and are stated at the lower of cost or market value, and cost is calculated on the moving weighted average basis. The cost of inventories
comprises all costs of purchases and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present condition. As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, there was no lower of cost or market adjustment because the carrying value of the Company s inventories
was lower than the current and expected market price. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

2.      Summary     of 
 principal   accounting   policies
  (continued)     

Prepayments, deposits and other
receivables  

Prepayments
and deposits represent amounts advanced to suppliers. The suppliers usually require advance payments or deposits when the Company
makes purchase or orders service and the prepayments and deposits will be utilized to offset the Company s future payments.
Other receivables mainly consist of various cash advances to employees for business needs. These amounts are unsecured, non-interest
bearing and generally short-term in nature. 

Allowances
are recorded when utilization and collection of amounts due are in doubt. Delinquent prepayments, deposits and other receivables
are written-off after management has determined that the likelihood of utilization or collection is not probable and known bad
debts are written off against the allowances when identified. 

Deferred
offering costs  

Deferred offering costs consist
principally of legal, underwriting and registration costs in connection with the IPO of the Company s ordinary shares. Such
costs are deferred until the closing of the offering, at which time the deferred costs are offset against the offering proceeds.  

Property
and Equipment, net  

Property and equipment are recorded
at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Significant additions or improvements extending useful lives of assets
are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives as follows: 

Electronic equipment  
      3-6 years   

Furniture and fixtures  
      3-6 years   

Leasehold improvements  
      Shorter of estimated useful life or term of lease   

Intangible
assets, net  

Intangible assets,
comprising Intellectual property rights ( IP rights ) and software, which are separable from property and equipment,
are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of 3- 10 years. 

Impairment
of long-lived Assets  

The Company
classifies its long-lived assets into: (i) computer and office equipment; (ii) furniture and fixtures, (iii) leasehold improvements,
and (iv) finite   lived intangible assets. 

Long-lived
assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of such assets may not be fully recoverable. It is possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology,
economy or other industry changes. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for possible impairment,
the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value.
If the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment
is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation
techniques, including discounted cash flow models, relief from royalty income approach, quoted market values and third-party independent
appraisals, as considered necessary. 

The Company
makes various assumptions and estimates regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors in determining the fair values
of the respective assets. The assumptions and estimates used to determine future values and remaining useful lives of long-lived
assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by various factors, including external factors such as industry and economic
trends, and internal factors such as the Company s business strategy and its forecasts for specific market expansion. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

2.      Summary     of 
 principal   accounting   policies
  (continued)     

Revenue
recognition   

The Company
currently recognizes revenue from the sale of merchandise through its online platforms. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; the price is fixed or determinable; and collectability
is reasonably assured. Revenue was recorded on a gross basis, net of surcharges and value added tax ( VAT ) of gross
sales. The Company recorded revenue on a gross basis because the Company has the following indicators for gross reporting: it is
the primary obligor of the sales arrangements, is subject to inventory risks of physical loss, has latitude in establishing prices,
has discretion in suppliers' selection and assumes credit risks on receivables from customers. 

Income
taxes  

The Company
utilizes ASC Topic 740 ( ASC 740 )  Income taxes , which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements
or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws
and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances
are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC 740  Income
taxes  clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in tax positions. This interpretation requires that an entity recognizes
in the financial statements the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not of being sustained upon examination,
based on the technical merits of the position. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater
than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment
occurs. The Company has elected to classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if and when required,
as part of income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations.  The Company evaluate the level of authority for
each uncertain tax position (including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical merits, and
measure the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not have
any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not anticipate any significant increase to its liability for unrecognized tax benefit
within the next 12 months. 

Foreign
currency transactions and translation  

The reporting
currency of the Company is United States Dollars (the  USD ) and the functional currency of Moxian Shenzhen, Moyi and
Moxian Beijing is Renminbi (the  RMB ) as China is the primary economic environment in which they operate, the functional
currency of Moxian HK is Hong Kong Dollar (the  HKD ), and the functional currency of Moxian Malaysia is Malaysia Ringgit
(the  MYR ). 

For financial
reporting purposes, the financial statements of Moxian Shenzhen, Moyi, Moxian Beijing, Moxian HK and Moxian Malaysia, which are
prepared using their respective functional currencies, are translated into the reporting currency, United States dollar ( U.S.
dollar ) so to be consolidated with the Company s. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other
than the reporting currency are translated into the reporting currency at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date.
Revenues and expenses are translated using average rates prevailing during the reporting period. Adjustments resulting from the
translation are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders  equity (deficit).
Transaction gains of $108,710 and $61,730 are recognized in the statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The exchange
rates applied are as follows: 

Items in the statements of operations
and comprehensive loss, and statements cash flows 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

2.      Summary     of 
 principal   accounting   policies
  (continued)     

Research
and Development  

Research
and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other related expenses associated
with product development. Research and development expenses also include third-party development, programming costs, and localization
costs incurred to translate software for local markets. Such costs related to software development are included in research and
development expense until the point that technological feasibility is reached. Once technological feasibility is reached, such
costs are capitalized and amortized to the cost of revenue over the estimated lives of the products.  

Earnings
(loss) per share  

Basic (loss)
earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period while the effects of
potential common shares outstanding during the period are included in diluted earnings per share.   

FASB Accounting
Standard Codification Topic 260 ( ASC 260 ),  Earnings Per Share,  requires that employee equity share
options, non-vested shares and similar equity instruments granted to employees be treated as potential common shares in computing
diluted earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share should be based on the actual number of options or shares granted and not
yet forfeited, unless doing so would be anti-dilutive. The Company uses the  treasury stock  method for equity instruments
granted in share-based payment transactions provided in ASC 260 to determine diluted earnings per share. Antidilutive securities
represent potentially dilutive securities which are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings or loss per share as their
impact was antidilutive. Due to the Company s net loss for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the basic and diluted
losses per share are same for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Recent accounting
pronouncements  

In January
2016, the FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic
825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance is intended to improve the
recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by: (1)
requiring equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation
of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Requiring public business entities
to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (2) Requiring separate
presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities
or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; (3) Eliminating the requirement
for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required
to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; and. (4) Requiring a reporting organization
to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting
from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk (also referred to as  own credit ) when the organization has elected
to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. The new guidance is
effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is evaluating the effect, if any, of this update on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. 

In February
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting, Leases (Topic
840). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize leases on their balance sheets, and leaves lessor accounting largely unchanged.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early application is permitted for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing
at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April
2016, the FASB released ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting. The ASU includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments.
While aimed at reducing the cost and complexity of the accounting for share-based payments, the amendments are expected to significantly
impact net income, EPS, and the statement of cash flows. Implementation and administration may present challenges for companies
with significant share-based payment activities. The ASU is effective for public companies in annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated
financial statements. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

2.      Summary     of 
 principal   accounting   policies
  (continued)     

Recent
accounting pronouncements  (continued) 

In April
2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
Obligations and Licensing. The amendments clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations;
and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606.
The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements
in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Early application for public entities is
permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that
reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-11 Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815); Rescission of SEC Guidance
Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting,
which is rescinding certain SEC Staff Observer comments that are codified in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and Topic 932, Extractive
Activities Oil and Gas, effective upon adoption of Topic 606.  The Company does not expect the adoption of the ASU to
have any impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016,
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,
which is intended to not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606, but rather affect only the narrow aspects of Topic
606 by reducing the potential for diversity in practice at initial application and by reducing the cost and complexity of applying
Topic 606 both at transition and on an ongoing basis.  The Company is assessing the impact of the adoption of the ASU on its
consolidated financial statements, disclosure requirements and methods of adoption. 

In August 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,
to provide guidance on the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash
flows. The guidance specifically addresses cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the diversity in practice. The guidance
will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2018, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In October
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interest Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control,
to provide guidance on the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by amending how a reporting
entity, that is a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held through related parties that are
under common control. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In November
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash . The amendments address diversity in
practice that exists in the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on the statement of cash flows. The amendment
is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

3.     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables, net    

The bad debt
provision for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $18,769 and Nil, respectively. 

4.      Property     and 
 e  qu  i  pm  e  nt, 
 net     

Depreciation and
amortization for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $890,715 and $306,829, respectively. 

5.      Intangible
                                         assets, net     

As
of  September 30, 2016  and   2015,   the 
 Company   has   the 
 following amounts  related  to   intangible 
 assets:  

No significant residual value is
estimated for these intangible assets. Amortization expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $993,270 and
$536,470, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded impairment charge of $3,321,665 and
$Nil on the intangible   IP rights, respectively. 

For the year ended September 30,
2016, the Company determined that sufficient indicators of potential impairment existed, which require an intangible assets-IP
rights impairment analysis as a result of reduction of revenue and negative working capital. Based on the results of the assessment,
the Company determined that the carrying value of the intangible asset   IP rights was not fully recoverable, and an impairment
charge was recorded to the extent that estimated fair value exceeded carrying value. The Company primarily used a relief from royalty
income approach to determine the fair value of the intangible assets   IP rights. The relief from royalty income model incorporated
projected cash flows over a forecast period based on the remaining estimated lives of the IP rights. This was based on a number
of key assumptions, including, but not limited to, a discount rate of 21% and the annual revenue projections based on the projected
levels of merchant participation during the forecast periods, all of which were classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  As
a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $3,321,665 on definite-lived intangible assets - IP rights for the year
ended September 30, 2016.  

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

5.      Intangible
                                         assets, net (continued)     

The following table represents the
total estimated amortization of intangible assets for the five succeeding fiscal years to September 30, 2016: 

6.     Related
                                         party transactions and balances    

The table below sets forth related
parties having transactions for the year ended September 30, 2016 and balances as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Name   
       
       Relationship with the Company    

Jet Key Limited ( Jet Key )  
       
      A below 1% shareholder of the Company   

Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co. Ltd. ( Bayi )  
       
      A below 5% shareholder of the Company   

Ace Keen Limited ( Ace Keen )  
       
      A below 1% shareholder of the Company   

Moxian China Limited  
       
      A 27.5% shareholder of the Company   

Zhang Xin  
       
      A below 5% shareholder of the Company   

Beijing Xinhua Huifeng Equity Investment Center Limited Partnership  ( Xinhua )  
       
      A Shareholder of the Company (see note 7)   

Zhongtou Huifeng Investment Management (Beijing) Co. Ltd ( Zhongtou )  
       
      Affiliated company of Xinhua   

Mr. Hao Qing Hu  
       
      A director of the Company   

Morolling International HK Limited (Morolling)  
       
      A below 5% shareholder of the Company   

Details of
stock subscription payables are as follows: 

Details of loans
payable   related parties are as follows: 

For the year ended September 30, 2016,
the Company obtained additional borrowings, net of repayment, aggregated of $3,146,157 from Morolling, Moxian China Limited, Ace
Keen, Hao Qing Hu, Zhang Xin, Zhongtou and Xinhua and Bayi. 

For the year ended September 30,
2015, the Company obtained additional borrowings, net of repayment, aggregated of $3,730,113 from Jet Key, Ace Keen and Bayi. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

6.     Related
                                         party transactions and balances (continued)    

The loans and advance were made
by shareholders to Moxian HK, Moxian Shenzhen, Moyi, Moxian Beijing and Moxian Malaysia and are unsecured, interest free and due
on various dates specified on loan agreements. 

On November 30, 2013, Moyi
and Jet Key entered into a loan agreement whereby Jet Key agreed to provide a loan to Moyi in aggregate of $76,459 (RMB
510,000) without interest and due in three years. 

On March 28, 2015, Moyi and
Ace Keen entered into a loan agreement whereby Ace Keen agreed to provide a loan to Moyi in aggregate of $22,488 (RMB
150,000) without interest and due in two years. 

On September 30, 2015, Moxian
Shenzhen and Bayi entered into a loan agreement whereby Bayi agreed to provide a loan to Moxian Shenzhen in aggregate of
$1,226,350 (RMB 8,180,000) without interest and due in one year. 

On November 9, 2015, Moxian HK
and Zhang Xin entered into a loan agreement whereby Zhang Xin agreed to provide a loan to Moxian HK in aggregate of $98,969 (HKD
767,500) without interest and due in one year. 

From November 12, 2015 through June 15,
2016, Moxian HK and Moxian Malaysia and Moxian China Limited entered into fifteen loan agreements whereby Moxian China Limited
agreed to provide loans to Moxian HK in aggregate of $838,874 (HKD 6,505,440) without interest and due in one year. For the year
ended September 30, 2016, Moxian HK repaid $368 and Moxian Malaysia repaid 48,361 to Moxian China Limited. 

On November 20, 2015, Moxian HK
and Ace Keen entered into a loan agreement whereby Ace Keen agreed to provide a loan to Moxian HK in aggregate of $75,985 (HKD
589,259) without interest and due in one year. 

From July 4, 2016 through September
30, 2016, Moxian HK and Morolling entered into sixteen loan agreements, whereby Morolling agreed to provide loans to Moxian HK
in aggregate of $914,014 without interest and due in one year. 

From October 19, 2015 through September
30, 2016, Moxian Shenzhen and Bayi entered into twenty-eight loan agreements whereby Bayi provided loans to Moxian Shenzhen in
aggregate of $2,484,608 (RMB 16,572,883) without interest and due in one year. For the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company
repaid $1,733,110 to Bayi. 

From April 1, 2016 through September
12, 2016, Moxian Shenzhen and Xinhua entered into six loan agreements whereby Xinhua agreed to provide loans to Moxian Shenzhen
in aggregate of $382,297 (RMB 2,550,000) without interest and due in one year.  

From February 3, 2016 through June 28,
2016, Moxian Beijing and Zhongtou entered into two loan agreements whereby Zhongtou agreed to provide loans to Moxian Bejing in
aggregate of $16,161 (RMB 107,800) without interest and due on demand. 

From March 10, 2016 through July 15, 2016,
Moxian Beijing and Xinhua entered into two loan agreements whereby Xinhua agreed to provide loans to Moxian Beijing in aggregate
of $110,941 (RMB 740,000) without interest and due on demand. 

From February 29, 2016 through
September 18, 2016, Moxian Beijing advanced $58,419 (RMB 389,668) from Hao Qing Hu, a director of the Company and repaid $47,858
(RMB 319,200). 

On February 26, 2016,
Shenzhen Moyi and Bayi entered into a loan agreement whereby Bayi agreed to provide a loan to Shenzhen Moyi in aggregate of
$32,734 (RMB 218,340) without interest and due in one year. The loan was fully repaid on September 7, 2016. 

On May 4, 2016, Moxian Malaysia
and Jet Key entered into a loan agreement whereby Jet Key agreed to extend the original loan to Moxian Malaysia in aggregate of
$122,144 signed on May 4, 2015 without interest and due on demand. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

7.      Capital
                                         stock     

Note Conversion  

On September 7, 2016, the
Company entered into two note conversion agreements with Bayi and Moxian China Limited. The note conversion agreements permitted
for the conversion of promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $2 million payable by the Company into shares of the Company s
common stock at the IPO price. The Company announced a successful completion of IPO on Nov 14, 2016 with an IPO price of $4.00
per share. As of September 30, 2016, the Company included the $2 million shares to be issued as stock subscription payable in accordance
with ASC 480-10-25-14. 

Xinhua Subscription  

The Company entered into
a subscription agreement ( Zhongtou Subscription Agreement ) with Zhongtou on April 24, 2015, whereby the
Company agreed to sell an aggregate of 4,084,500 shares of the Company s Common Stock at a per share price of $2.00 for
gross proceeds of $8,190,000 (approximately RMB 50,000,000) and to issue to Zhongtou for no additional consideration a
warrant (the  Warrant ) to purchase in the aggregate 16,000,000 shares ( Warrant Shares ) of Common
Stock at an exercise price of $4.00 per share, exercisable on or prior to July 31, 2015. On June 4, 2015, the Company and
Zhongtou entered into a Termination Agreement to terminate the Zhongtou Subscription Agreement as Zhongtou s principals
have determined to make the investment described in the Zhongtou Subscription Agreement through a different entity,
Xinhua. 

On June 4, 2015, the Company and
Xinhua entered into a new Subscription Agreement ( Xinhua Subscription Agreement ) on substantially the same terms
as the Zhongtou Subscription Agreement (the  Transaction ). Pursuant to the Xinhua Subscription Agreement, if the Company
fails to contract with 25,000 new paying merchants by September 30, 2016, the Company shall issue an additional number of shares
of Common Stock to Xinhua, equal to 50% of the accumulated number of Warrant Shares exercised and acquired by Xinhua as of September
30, 2016, for no additional consideration ( Make Good Provision ). The Make Good Provision will be available only if
Xinhua has exercised the Warrant and acquired more than 8,000,000 Warrant Shares (the  Condition ). Further, the Company
shall issue 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock to Xinhua for no additional consideration if the Company fails to publish its full
working version of the Moxian mobile application version 2.0 by September 30, 2015, or if the Company fails to uplist to a national
securities exchange in the U.S. by June 30, 2017. Xinhua shall also have the right to nominate (i) one member of the Company s
accounting department; and (ii) one member of the board of directors provided that the Condition has been met. 

On August 13, 2015, Xinhua and the
Company entered into an Amendment Agreement (the  Amendment Agreement ) to amend certain terms under the Xinhua Subscription
Agreement between the Company and Xinhua dated June 4, 2015 to September 30, 2015. Pursuant to the Xinhua Subscription Agreement,
the Company will issue 4,095,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to Xinhua for $8,190,000 and grant the warrant (the
 Warrant ) to purchase up to 16,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock on or before July 31, 2015 (the
 Expiration Date ) (such transaction, the  Transaction ). Pursuant to the Amendment Agreement (the  First
Amendment Agreement ), the closing date of the Transaction was extended to September 30, 2015 and the Expiration Date of
the Warrant was extended to September 30, 2015. 

On December 16, 2015, the Company
entered into a Second Amendment Agreement to the Subscription Agreement (the  Second Amendment Agreement ) with Xinhua.
Under the Second Amendment Agreement, the closing date of the transaction was extended again to December 31, 2015 and the Expiration
Date of the Warrant was extended to December 31, 2015 as well. 

On February 28, 2016, the Company closed
the transaction and issued 4,095,017 shares of the Company Common Stock to Xinhua for an aggregate purchase price of $8,190,021,
or $2.00 per share, of which $5,505,915 proceeds were received by the Company in fiscal 2015 and included in the subscription
payments liability. The related warrants expired unexercised. 

Cancellation of shares  

On February 22, 2016, Good Eastern Investment
Limited ( GEL ), Stellar Elite Limited ( SEL ) and Moxian China Limited ( MCL ), collectively,
the Designated Shareholders, entered into a Share Cancellation Agreement (the  Agreement ) with the Company. Pursuant
to the Agreement, on February 22, 2016, the Designated Shareholders cancelled 47,422,540 shares of the Company common stock which
represented 42.93% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares for no consideration. The cancelled shares resulted in
GEL, SEL and MCL owning after the share cancellation 9,990,000, 19,830,000 and 17,602,540 shares of common stock or any other
securities of the Company respectively. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

7.      Capital
                                         stock (continued)     

Stock reverse split  

On May 24, 2016 the Board of Directors
approved a reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share
(the  Common Stock ), at a ratio of 1-for-2 (the  Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split was effective
on June 20, 2016 (the  Effective Date ). Simultaneously to the Reverse Stock Split, the number of shares of the Company s
authorized Common Stock was correspondingly reduced from 500,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares without changes in par value
per share. The Company has retroactively restated all shares and per share data for all the periods presented. 

Purchase of Intangible Assets  

On January 30, 2015, the Company
issued a convertible note in the principal amount of $7,782,000 to REBL for the acquisitions of Moxian IP Samoa and Moxian BVI.
On August 14, 2015, $3,891,000 of such note was converted into 1,945,500 shares of the Company s common stock. On September
30, 2015, the Company issued an additional 1,945,500 shares of its common stock to REBL upon conversion of the remainder portion
of the note. 

As
of  September 30, 2016 ,  there  were 
 no  warrants  or   options
  outstanding   to   acquire 
 any   additional   shares 
 of   Common  Stock  of 
 the  Company. 

8.      Income
                                            taxes    

The  Company 
 and its   subsidiaries  file separate  income
tax   returns.  

The United
States of America  

Moxian is incorporated in the State
of Nevada in the U.S., and is subject to a gradual U.S. federal corporate income tax of 15% to 35%. The State of Nevada does not
impose any corporate state income tax. As of September 30, 2016, future net operation losses of approximately $6.3 million are
available to offset future operating income through 2036. 

British Virgin
Islands  

Moxian BVI is incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands. Under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, Moxian BVI is not subject to tax on income or capital
gains. In addition, upon payments of dividends by Moxian BVI, no British Virgin Islands withholding tax is imposed. 

Hong Kong  

Moxian HK is incorporated in Hong
Kong and Hong Kong s profits tax rate is 16.5%. Moxian HK did not earn any income that was derived in Hong Kong for the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and therefore, Moxian HK was not subject to Hong Kong profits tax. 

Malaysia  

Moxian Malaysia did not have taxable
income for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The management estimated that Moxian Malaysia will not generate any taxable
income in the future. 

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

8 .      Income
                                            taxes (continued)    

PRC  

Effective
from January 1, 2008, the PRC s statutory income tax rate is 25%. The Company s PRC subsidiaries are subject to income
tax rate of 25%, unless otherwise specified. 

Moxian Shenzhen
was incorporated in the People s Republic of China. Moxian Shenzhen did not generate taxable income in the People s
Republic of China for the period from April 8, 2013 (date of inception) to September 30, 2016. Management estimated that Moxian
Shenzhen will not generate any taxable income in the future. 

Moyi was
incorporated in the People s Republic of China. Moyi did not generate taxable income in the People s Republic of China
for the period from July 19, 2013 (date of inception) to September 30, 2016. 

Moxian Beijing
was incorporated in the People s Republic of China. Moxian Beijing did not generate taxable income in the People s
Republic of China for the period from December 10, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2016. 

The Company s
effective income tax rates were 0.4% and 0.8% for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Income tax mainly
consists of foreign income tax at statutory rates and the effects of permanent and temporary differences. 

As
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has a deferred tax asset of $98,581 and $52,609, resulting from certain net operating
losses in PRC, respectively. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which those net operating losses are available. The Company considers projected future taxable income and
tax planning strategies in making its assessment. At present, the Company does not have a sufficient operation in the Moxian Shenzhen,
Moxian Malaysia and Moxian Beijing to conclude that it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will be able to realize all of
its tax benefits in the near future and therefore a valuation allowance has been provided for the full value of the deferred tax
asset. A valuation allowance will be maintained until sufficient positive evidence exists to support the reversal of any portion
or all of the valuation allowance. Should Moxian Shenzhen, Moxian Malaysia and Moxian Beijing start to have sufficient operation
in future periods with supportable trend; the valuation allowance will be reduced accordingly. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the valuation allowance was $5,777,983 and $2,460,300, respectively. $3,317,683 and $2,460,300 of increase in the valuation allowance
for each of the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

9.      Commitments     and
contingencies     

Operating   
 Lease   

The  Company 
leases a  number   of   properties 
 under   operating  leases.  Rental
  expenses   under   operating
 leases  for   the  years  ended 
September 30, 2016  and   2015   were 
 $695,093 and   $301,344  respectively.  As
of  September 30, 2016 ,   the   Company 
 was   obligated under   non-cancellable
operating  leases minimum  rentals  as  follows:  

Twelve 
 months ended  September 30 ,  

MOXIAN, INC.  

  NOTES  TO
  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  S  T  A  TE  M  E  N  T  S   

9.      Commitments     and
contingencies (continued)     

Arrangement with Xinhua New
Media Co., Ltd  

The Company entered into an exclusive
advertising agency agreement and sponsor agreement with Xinhua New Media Co., Ltd ( Xinhua New Media ). Pursuant to
the agreement, the Company, as an exclusive agent, is authorized to operate and sell advertisement on Xinhua New Media s
mobile application in the gaming channel and sponsor related advertising events. The exclusive advertising agency agreement and
sponsor agreement expire on December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2017, respectively. The payment schedule for the exclusive agency
agreement and sponsor agreement is listed below: 

For the years ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $688,854 and $Nil in advertising agency fee expense, respectively. For the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded sponsor fee of $314,341 and $648,792, respectively and included in the selling, general
and administrative expense. 

Legal Proceeding  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
is not aware of any material outstanding claim and litigation against them. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016,
Moxian HK borrowed $152,000 from Morolling and $18,000 from Ace Keen. These loans are non-interest bearing and due in one year
or due on demand. Moxian HK also repaid $938,962 to Morolling, repaid $272,691 to Moxian China Limited, repaid $75,984 to Ace
Keen and repaid $99,090 to Zhang Xin. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016,
Moxian Shenzhen borrowed $2,071,692 from Bayi. The related loans are non-interest bearing and due in one year or due on demand.
Moxian Shenzhen also repaid $2,761,844 to Bayi and $382,296 to Xinhua. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016,
Moxian Beijing repaid $110,941 to Xinhua and $16,161 to Zhongtou. Moxian Beijing also advanced $11,158 from Mr. Hao Qing Hu, a
director of the Company and repaid $9,895. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, Moyi repaid
$76,459 to Jet Key and $22,488 to Ace Keen and Moxian Malaysia repaid $28,076 to Jet Key. 

F-21 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 f10k2016ex10vii_moxianinc.htm
 LOAN AGREEMENT DATED MAY 4, 2016 BY AND BETWEEN JET KEY LIMITED AND MOXIAN MALAYSIA SDN BHD.

Exhibit
10.7   

THIS
LOAN AGREEMENT (executed as a deed)  is made on                     May 4, 2016   

BETWEEN   

(1)  
         
      Jet
    Key Limited of Room 2807, 28/F., Paul Y. Centre, 51 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong (hereinafter referred to   the
    Lender  )   

and  

(2)  
         
      Moxian
    Malaysia Sdn Bhd of Suite 13.02, Level 13, Centrepoint South, Mid Valley City, Lingkaran Syed Putra, 59200, Kuala Lumpur.
    (hereinafter referred to as   the Borrower  ).   

(hereinafter
together referred to as   the Parties  )  

1.1  
         
      The
    Lender lent the Borrower the Loan in May 4, 2016 in contemplation of and upon prior agreement to the terms and conditions
    contained in this Agreement and at the express request of the Borrower.   

1.3  
         
      The
    Borrower has agreed to repay the Loan and interest accrued on the Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   

1.4  
         
      In
    consideration of the Lender continuing to make the Loan available to the Borrower,  the mutual covenants hereinafter
    set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the
    Parties hereto hereby agree to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.   

2.   
         
       DEFINITIONS    

The
following words shall have the meanings set opposite them, except where the context otherwise requires:  

Default
    Interest   
      fixed
    interest rate of 0% per month from the date of the occurrence of an Event of Default.   

Event
    of Default   
      any
    of the events referred to in paragraph 5   

Interest
    Sum   
      fixed
    interest rate on the Loan at the rate of 0% per month from the date of this Agreement until repayment   

Loan   
      the
    aggregate sum of USD 122,144.41 lent to the Borrower by the Lender in May 4, 2016   

Maturity
    Date   
      one
    year from the date of this Agreement   

Loan
Payment   

3.1  
         
      The
    Lender lent the Loan to the Borrower and the Borrower acknowledges receipt of the same.    

Repayment
of the Loan   

3.2  
         
      The
    Borrower shall repay the Loan to the Lender in full together with the Interest Sum accrued on or before the Maturity Date.   

3.3  
         
      The
    Borrower is entitled to make repayment of the Loan before the Maturity Date.   

3.4  
         
      The
    Parties may by mutual consent in writing extend the Maturity Date.   

3.5  
         
      All
    payments by the Borrower under this Agreement shall so far as the law permits be made in full without any deduction or withholding
    (whether in respect of a set off, counterclaim, duties, tax, charges, levies or otherwise howsoever).   

4.   
         
       EVENTS
    OF DEFAULT    

4.1  
         
      The
    Loan shall be immediately due and repayable to the Lender by the Borrower together with the Interest Sum accrued and any other
    liabilities, and Default Interest shall be payable on the same by the Borrower from the date of occurrence of any of the events
    of default as described below:   

a.  
      if
    the Borrower shall fail to pay on the due date any amount due hereunder;   

b.  
      if
    the Borrower shall fail to observe or comply with any of the covenants, conditions, obligations, agreements and stipulations
    herein contained;   

c.  
      if
    the Borrower shall become bankrupt or enter or seek to enter in any other form of composition or arrangement with its creditors
    whether in whole or in part; or   

d.  
      a
    petition is presented for bankruptcy of the Borrower.   

5.   
         
       REPRESENTATIONS,
    WARRANTIES AND UNDERTAKING    

5.1  
         
      The
    Borrower represents, warrants and undertakes to the Lender that:   

(a)  
      it's
    a corporation and is not involved in any court and bankruptcy proceedings as of the date of this Agreement; and   

(b)  
      this
    Agreement constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations which shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the
    law.   

6.   
         
       NO
    JOINT VENTURE OR PARTNERSHIP    

6.1  
         
      Nothing
    in this Agreement shall create a partnership or joint venture between the Parties hereto and save as expressly provided in
    this Agreement neither party shall enter into or have authority to enter into any engagement or make any representation or
    warranty on behalf of or pledge the credit of or otherwise bind or oblige the other party hereto.   

7.   
         
       MISCELLANEOUS    

7.1  
         
      No
    waiver, alteration, variation or addition to this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing on or after the date
    of signature of this Agreement by the Parties and accepted by an authorised signatory of the Parties.   

7.2  
         
      All
    notices, documents, consents, approvals or other communications (a 'Notice') to be given hereunder shall be in writing and
    shall be transmitted by registered or recorded delivery mail or courier or personal delivery to the party being served at
    the relevant address for that party shown at the head of this Agreement. Any Notice sent by mail or courier shall be deemed
    to have been duly served three working days after the date of posting or dispatch.   

7.3  
         
      The
    headings in this Agreement shall not affect its interpretation.   

7.4  
         
      Throughout
    this Agreement, whenever required by the context, the use of the singular number shall be construed to include the plural,
    and the use of the plural the singular, and the use of any gender shall include all genders.   

7.5  
         
      Reference
    in this Agreement to a clause or Schedule is to a clause or Schedule of this Agreement.   

7.6  
         
      If
    any term or provision in this Agreement shall be held to be illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any enactment
    or rule of law, such term or provision or part shall to that extent be deemed not to form part of this Agreement but the validity
    and enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected.   

7.7  
         
      The
    waiver or forbearance or failure of a party in insisting in any one or more instances upon the performance of any provisions
    of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of that party's rights to future performance of such
    provision and the other party's obligations in respect of such future performance shall continue in full force and effect.   

7.8  
         
      This
    Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and except as stated
    herein or in the instruments and documents to be executed and delivered pursuant hereto, contains all the representations
    and warranties of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof.   

7.9  
         
      The
    Borrower hereby acknowledges that he has obtained independent legal advice on all and every aspect of this Agreement.   

7.10  
         
      Time
    shall be of the essence of this Agreement.   

8.   
         
       APPLICABLE
    LAW    

8.1  
         
      This
    Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.   

8.2  
         
      Any
    disputes arising from this Agreement shall be determined according to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Courts.   

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have signed, sealed, delivered and executed this Agreement as a Deed of the date first written
above.  

The
    Lender  

The
    Borrower  

4  

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.26>
 3
 f10k2016ex10xxvi_moxianinc.htm
 LOAN AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE MOXIAN TECHNOLOGIES (SHENZHEN) CO., LTD. AND SHENZHEN BAYI CONSULTING CO. LTD. DATED DECEMBER 25, 2015.

Exhibit
10.26   

THIS
LOAN AGREEMENT (executed as a deed)  is made on  December 25, 2015   

BETWEEN   

(1)  
         
      Shenzhen
    Bayi Consulting Co., Ltd of Room 2003, 20/F, Tower B KingKey 100 Building, 5016 Shennan East Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen,
    China (hereinafter referred to   the Lender )    

and  

(2)  
         
      Moxian
    Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Limited of 9/F, Tower A, United Plaza, No. 5022 Binhe Avenue, Futian District, Shenzhen, China.
    (hereinafter referred to as   the Borrower ).    

(hereinafter
together referred to as   the Parties )   

1.1  
         
      The
    Lender lent the Borrower the Loan in December 25, 2015 in contemplation of and upon prior agreement to the terms and conditions
    contained in this Agreement and at the express request of the Borrower.   

1.3  
         
      The
    Borrower has agreed to repay the Loan and interest accrued on the Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   

1.4  
         
      In
    consideration of the Lender continuing to make the Loan available to the Borrower,  the mutual covenants hereinafter
    set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the
    Parties hereto hereby agree to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.   

2.   
         
       DEFINITIONS    

The
following words shall have the meanings set opposite them, except where the context otherwise requires:  

Default
    Interest   
      fixed
    interest rate of 0% per month from the date of the occurrence of an Event of Default.   

Event
    of Default   
      any of the
    events referred to in paragraph 5   

Interest
    Sum   
      fixed
    interest rate on the Loan at the rate of 0% per month from the date of this Agreement until repayment   

Loan   
      the aggregate
    sum of RMB 4,560,883.40 lent to the Borrower by the Lender in December 25, 2015   

Maturity
    Date   
      one year
    from the date of this Agreement   

Loan
Payment   

3.1  
         
      The
    Lender lent the Loan to the Borrower and the Borrower acknowledges receipt of the same.    

Repayment
of the Loan   

3.2  
         
      The
    Borrower shall repay the Loan to the Lender in full together with the Interest Sum accrued on or before the Maturity Date.   

3.3  
         
      The
    Borrower is entitled to make repayment of the Loan before the Maturity Date.   

3.4  
         
      The
    Parties may by mutual consent in writing extend the Maturity Date.   

3.5  
         
      All
    payments by the Borrower under this Agreement shall so far as the law permits be made in full without any deduction or withholding
    (whether in respect of a set off, counterclaim, duties, tax, charges, levies or otherwise howsoever).   

4.   
         
       EVENTS
    OF DEFAULT    

4.1  
         
      The
    Loan shall be immediately due and repayable to the Lender by the Borrower together with the Interest Sum accrued and any other
    liabilities, and Default Interest shall be payable on the same by the Borrower from the date of occurrence of any of the events
    of default as described below:   

a.  
      if the Borrower
    shall fail to pay on the due date any amount due hereunder;   

b.  
      if
    the Borrower shall fail to observe or comply with any of the covenants, conditions, obligations, agreements and stipulations
    herein contained;   

c.  
      if
    the Borrower shall become bankrupt or enter or seek to enter in any other form of composition or arrangement with its creditors
    whether in whole or in part; or   

d.  
      a
    petition is presented for bankruptcy of the Borrower.   

5.   
         
       REPRESENTATIONS,
    WARRANTIES AND UNDERTAKING    

5.1  
         
      The
    Borrower represents, warrants and undertakes to the Lender that:   

(a)  
      it's
    a corporation and is not involved in any court and bankruptcy proceedings as of the date of this Agreement; and   

(b)  
      this
    Agreement constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations which shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the
    law.   

6.   
         
       NO
    JOINT VENTURE OR PARTNERSHIP    

6.1  
         
      Nothing
    in this Agreement shall create a partnership or joint venture between the Parties hereto and save as expressly provided in
    this Agreement neither party shall enter into or have authority to enter into any engagement or make any representation or
    warranty on behalf of or pledge the credit of or otherwise bind or oblige the other party hereto.   

7.   
         
       MISCELLANEOUS    

7.1  
         
      No
    waiver, alteration, variation or addition to this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing on or after the date
    of signature of this Agreement by the Parties and accepted by an authorised signatory of the Parties.   

7.2  
         
      All
    notices, documents, consents, approvals or other communications (a 'Notice') to be given hereunder shall be in writing and
    shall be transmitted by registered or recorded delivery mail or courier or personal delivery to the party being served at
    the relevant address for that party shown at the head of this Agreement. Any Notice sent by mail or courier shall be deemed
    to have been duly served three working days after the date of posting or dispatch.   

7.3  
         
      The
    headings in this Agreement shall not affect its interpretation.   

7.4  
         
      Throughout
    this Agreement, whenever required by the context, the use of the singular number shall be construed to include the plural,
    and the use of the plural the singular, and the use of any gender shall include all genders.   

7.5  
         
      Reference
    in this Agreement to a clause or Schedule is to a clause or Schedule of this Agreement.   

7.6  
         
      If
    any term or provision in this Agreement shall be held to be illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any enactment
    or rule of law, such term or provision or part shall to that extent be deemed not to form part of this Agreement but the validity
    and enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected.   

7.7  
         
      The
    waiver or forbearance or failure of a party in insisting in any one or more instances upon the performance of any provisions
    of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of that party's rights to future performance of such
    provision and the other party's obligations in respect of such future performance shall continue in full force and effect.   

7.8  
         
      This
    Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and except as stated
    herein or in the instruments and documents to be executed and delivered pursuant hereto, contains all the representations
    and warranties of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof.   

7.9  
         
      The
    Borrower hereby acknowledges that he has obtained independent legal advice on all and every aspect of this Agreement.   

7.10  
         
      Time
    shall be of the essence of this Agreement.   

8.   
         
       APPLICABLE
    LAW    

8.1  
         
      This
    Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.   

8.2  
         
      Any
    disputes arising from this Agreement shall be determined according to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Courts.   

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have signed, sealed, delivered and executed this Agreement as a Deed of the date first written
above.  

The Lender  

The Borrower  

4  

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 4
 f10k2016ex10xxvii_moxianinc.htm
 SCHEDULE OF LOAN AGREEMENTS SUBSTANTIALLY IDENTICAL IN ALL MATERIAL RESPECTS TO THE LOAN AGREEMENT FILED AS EXHIBIT 10.26 TO THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, PURSUANT TO INSTRUCTION 2 TO ITEM 601 OF REGULATION S-K.

Exhibit 10.27   

SCHEDULE
OF LOAN AGREEMENTS   

SUBSTANTIALLY
IDENTICAL IN ALL MATERIAL RESPECTS   

TO
THE LOAN AGREEMENT FILED AS   

EXHIBIT
10.26 TO THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K,   

PURSUANT
TO INSTRUCTION 2 TO ITEM 601 OF REGULATION S- K  

In
accordance with the instructions to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, Moxian, Inc. has omitted filing 35 Loan Agreements as exhibits
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K because they are substantially identical in all material respects to the Loan Agreement filed
as Exhibit 10.26. The lender under each Loan Agreement is Shenzhen Bayi Consulting Co., Ltd, the borrower is Moxian Technologies
(Shenzhen) Co., and the loan is due in one year without interest.  

The
following chart sets forth the material details in which such Loan Agreements differ from the Loan Agreement filed as Exhibit
10.26:  

</EX-10.27>

<EX-23>
 5
 f10k2016ex23_moxianinc.htm
 CONSENT OF CENTURION ZD CPA LTD. (FKA DCAW (CPA) LTD. AS SUCCESSOR TO DOMINIC K.F. CHAN & CO.)

Exhibit
23    

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

The
Board of Directors  

  Moxian, Inc.  

We
consent to the use in the Form 10-K of our report dated December 15, 2015 (Except for Note 2 dated February 17, 2016 and Note
10 dated August 12, 2016) relating to the financial statements of Moxian, Inc. as of and for the year ended September 30, 2015.  

Centurion
ZD CPA Ltd.  

Centurion
ZD CPA Ltd. (fka DCAW (CPA) Ltd. as successor to Dominic K.F. Chan   Co.)  

  Certified Public Accountants  

  Hong
Kong, China  

  December 22, 2016  

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2016ex31i_moxianinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1    

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer   

   Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

   and
Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427   

I,
James Mengdong Tan, certify that:  

(1)       I
have reviewed this Form 10-K of Moxian, Inc.; 

(2)       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

(3)       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

(4)       The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5)       The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
    December 22, 2016   
      /s/
    James Mengdong Tan   

James
    Mengdong Tan   

Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2016ex31ii_moxianinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2    

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer   

   Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

   and
Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427   

I,
Tan Wang Hong, certify that:  

(1)       I
have reviewed this Form 10-K of Moxian, Inc.; 

(2)       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

(3)       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

(4)       The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5)       The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
    December 22, 2016   
      /s/
    Tan Wang Hong   

Tan
    Wang Hong   

Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2016ex32i_moxianinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1    

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with this Form 10-K report of Moxian, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, I, James Mengdong Tan, certify that:   

(1)       This
report containing the financial statements fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and  

(2)       The
information contained in the this period report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of Moxian, Inc..  

Date:
     December 22, 2016  
      /s/
    James Mengdong Tan   

James
    Mengdong Tan    

Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2016ex32ii_moxianinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2    

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with this Form 10-K report of Moxian, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, I, Tan Wang Hong, certify that:   

(1)       This
report containing the financial statements fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and  

(2)       The
information contained in the this period report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of Moxian, Inc..  

Date:
    December 22, 2016  
      /s/
    Tan Wang Hong   

Tan
    Wang Hong    

Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 24
 moxc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 moxc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 26
 moxc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 moxc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 moxc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 moxc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

