<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q-A_edgar_data_845289_0001562762-16-000458_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10664967</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>150018</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>400664</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3255925</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4331199</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2028765</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562762-16-000458.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110162540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562762-16-000458
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000845289
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				770196707
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10762
		FILM NUMBER:		161988385

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 ENCLAVE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		STE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		281-899-5700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 ENCLAVE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		STE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020805

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BENTON OIL & GAS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562762-16-000458.txt : 20161110

10-Q/A
 1
 c289-20160930x10qa.htm
 10-Q/A

20160930 QA

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q /A 

(Mark One) 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

or 

for the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission File No. 1-10762 

______________________________ 

Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(281) 899-5700 

(Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)    

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes         No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes         No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer  

Accelerated Filer  

Non-Accelerated Filer  

Smaller Reporting Company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes         No       

At November 4, 2016  ,    the Registrant had   11,042,804     shares of   its   common stock, par value $  0.01 per share, outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE :  

This Amendment No. 1 (this  Amendment ) amends the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) that was filed by Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. (the  Company ) on November 9, 2016.  Due to an inadvertent, technical error, Exhibit 32.2 was filed in place of the Form 10-Q itself on November 9, 2016.  This Amendment provides a complete, replacement Form 10-Q, dated November 10, 2016, as well as updated Exhibits 31.1., 31.2, 32.1 and 32.2. 

Table of Contents  

HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

TABLE     OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  

Financial Statements   

Consolidated Cond  ensed Balance Sheets at September 30  , 201  6   (Unaudited) and  December 31,   2015   
				 
				 3 

Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive   Income (  Loss  )   for the Thre  e and Nine Months Ended September   3  0  , 201  6   and   2015   
				 
				 4 

Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statem  ents of Cash Flows for the Nine   Months Ended   September   3  0  , 201  6   and   2015   
				 
				 5 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements   
				 
				 7 

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
				 
				 28 

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
				 
				 38 

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures   
				 
				 38 

PART II  

OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings   
				 
				 38 

Item 1A  

Risk Factors   
				 
				 38 

Item 6.  

Exhibits   
				 
				 39 

Signatures   

41 

2   

Table of Contents  

HARVEST NATURAL R    ESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALA    NCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except   per share data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidate  d    condensed   financial statements. 

3   

Table of Contents  

HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

C  ONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENT   OF OPERAT    IONS AND COMPREHENSIVE   INCOME (  LOSS  ) 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidat  ed   condensed     financial statements. 

4   

Table of Contents  

HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CA    SH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolida  ted   condensed   fin  ancial statements. 

5   

Table of Contents  

Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities:       

Nine Months Ended September 30,  

2016  

2015  

Supplemental Cash Flow Information:  

(in thousands)  

Continuing Operations:  

Cash paid during the period for interest   

$  

$  

Cash paid during the period  for income taxes  

8 

6 

Discontinued Operations:  

Cash paid during the period for interest   

615 

Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities:  

Continuing Operations:  

(Increase) decrease in current liabilities related to additions of property and equipment  

$  
				 
				 (15)

$  
				 
				 384 

Discontinued Operations:  

Decrease in current liabilities related to additions of property and equipment  

22 

Increase in Stockholders' Equity from forgiveness of note payable and accrued interest - related party  

6,157 

Capitalization of accrued interest   

2,704 

See accompanying notes to consolidat  ed   condensed    f  inancial statements. 

6   

Table of Contents  

HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Con    solidated   Condensed   Financial   Statements 

N    ote 1   Organization 

Organization 

Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. ( Harvest  or the  Company ) is a petroleum exploration and production company incorporated under Delaware law in 1988.  

We hold exploration acreage offshore of the Republic of Gabon ( Gabon ) through the Dussafu Marin Permit ( Dussafu PSC ).  See   Note 7   Gabon  .  We currently are evaluating the continued development or possible sale of our Gabon interests. 

We previously owned significant interests in the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ( Venezuela ). We sold these interests in a transaction that closed on October 7, 2016.  See   Share Purchase Agreement  , below, for more information. 

Interim Reporting 

In our opinion, the accompanying unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements contain all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, necessary to present fairly the financial position as of   September 30, 2016  , results of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the cash flows   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The     December 31, 2015   consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include   all disclosures required by   United States of America generally accepted     accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP   )  .  The unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements are presented in accordance with the requirements of Form 10-Q and do not include all disclosures normally required by   U.S.   GAAP. The consolidated condensed financial statements included in this report should be read with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which include certain definitions and a summary of significant accounting policies. The results of operations for any interim period   are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the entire year. 

Securities   Purchase Agreement 

On June 19, 2015, the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries entered into a securities purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement ) with CT Energy Holding SRL ( CT Energy ), a private investment firm organized as a Barbados Society with Restricted Liability, under which CT Energy purchased certain securities of the Company and acquired certain governance rights.  Harvest immediately received gross proceeds of   $32.2   million from the sale of the securities, as described below.   Key terms of the transaction include: 

CT Energy acquired a   $25.2   million,   five   year,   15.0%   non-convertible senior secured promissory note (the  15% Note ).      

CT Energy acquired a warrant to purchase up to   34,070,82  0     shares (approximately   8,517,705   shares taking into account the November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split)     of Harvest's common stock at an in  itial exercise price of   $1.25   per share   (  $5.00   per share taking into account the November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split)   (the  CT Warrant ), subject to certain conditions set forth in the CT Warrant.       

CT   Energy   acquired a   five  -year   15.0%   non-convertible senior secured note (the    Additional Draw Note   ), under which CT Energy could   elect to provide   $2.0   million of additional funds to the Company per month for up to   six   months following the   one  -year anniversary of the closing date of the transaction  .           

CT Energy was granted certain governance rights in the transaction, including the right to appoint specified directors.       

CT Energia Holding Ltd. ( CT Energia ), a Malta corporation and the Company, entered into a Management Agreement (the  Management Agreement ), under which CT Energia and its representatives provided management services with respect to the operations of the Company s business as it relates to Petrodelta and Venezuela generally.     

The securities sold to CT Energy under the Securities Purchase Agreement, as well as CT Energy s governance rights, the Management Agreement and the Company s relationship with CT Energy generally, were terminated on October 7, 2016 upon the  

7   

Table of Contents  

closing of the sale of all of the Company s Venezuelan interests to an affiliate of CT Energy.    See   Share Purchase Agreement  , below, for more information. 

Share Purchase Agreement 

On October 7, 2016, the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, HNR Energia BV ( HNR Energia ), completed the sale of all of HNR Energia s   51%   interest in Harvest-Vinccler Dutch Holding B.V., a Netherlands company ( Harvest Holding ), to Delta Petroleum N.V., a limited liability company organized under the laws of Curacao ( Delta Petroleum ), pursuant to a share purchase agreement, dated June 29, 2016 (the  Share Purchase Agreement ).  Harvest Holding owns, indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries, a   40%   interest in Petrodelta, S.A., a mixed company organized under Venezuelan law ( Petrodelta ), through which all of the Company s interests in Venezuela were owned.  Thus, under the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company sold all of its interests in Venezuela to Delta Petroleum. 

Delta Petroleum is an affiliate of CT Energy, which assigned all of its rights and obligations under the Share Purchase Agreement to Delta Petroleum on September 26, 2016.  For more information about CT Energy, see   Securities Purchase Agreement  , above. 

At the closing, the Company received consideration consisting of:  

$69.4   million in cash paid after various closing adjustments;     

an   11%   non-convertible senior promissory note payable by Delta Petroleum to HNR Energia   six   months from the closing date in the principal amount of   $12.0   million, guaranteed by the sole member and sole equity-holder of Delta Petroleum (the   11% Note  );     

the return of all of the Company s common stock owned by CT Energy, consisting of   8,667,597   shares   (approximately   2,166,900   shares taking into account the November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split  ) which was   approximately   16.8%   of all outstanding shares pre-closing, to be held by the Company as treasury shares;     

the cancellation of   $30.0   million in outstanding principal under the   15%   Note;     

the cancellation of the CT Warrant.     

At the closing, the outstanding principal and accrued interest totaling   $38.9   million and   $1.4   million, respectively, under both the 15% Note and the Additional Draw Note, were repaid, net of withholding tax, as a closing adjustment to cash, and the 15% Note and Additional Draw Note were terminated.  (The $69.4 million in cash referenced above takes these adjustments into account.)  To fund Harvest s transaction expenses and operations until the closing under the Share Purchase Agreement, CT Energy had loaned Harvest   $2.0   million on each of June 21, 2016, July 20, 2016, August 24, 2016 and September 21, 2016 unde  r the Additional Draw Note.  

The relationship between the Company and CT Energy effectively terminated upon the closing under the Share Purchase Agreement.  In addition to the termination or relinquishment of all Company securities held by CT Energy, Oswaldo Cisneros and Alberto Sosa resigned as CT Energy s non-independent designees to the Company s board of directors.  Additionally, the Securities Purchase Agreement and certain agreements related to the Securities Purchase Agreement, including the Management Agreement, terminated.  Finally, all liens securing Company debt formerly owed to CT Energy were released at the closing.  Upon the closing, the Company s primary assets were cash from the proceeds of the transaction and the Company s oil and gas interests in Gabon.  

Long-Term Receivable   CT Energia 

On   January 4, 2016  , HNR Finance B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvest Holding ( HNR Finance ), provided a loan to CT Energia of   $5.2   million under an   11.0%   promissory note due   2019   (the  CT Energia Note ).  The purpose of the loan was to provide CT Energia with collateral to obtain funds for one or more loans to Petrodelta, which is   40%   owned by HNR Finance.  HNR Finance s sole recourse for payment of the principal amount of the loan was the payments of principal and interest from loans that CT Energia has made to Petrodelta.   

The source of funds for HNR Finance s $5.2 million loan to CT Energia was a capital contribution from Harvest Holding, which, in return, received the same aggregate amount of capital contributions from its shareholders, pro rata according to their equity interests in Harvest Holding. Of that aggregate amount of capital contributions, HNR Energia contributed   $2.6   million, which was a capital contribution from Harvest. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we recorded a $5.2 million allowance to fully reserve the CT Energia Note due to concerns related to the continued deteriorating economic conditions in Venezuela and our assessment relating to the probability that the CT Energia Note will be collected.  As of September 30, 2016, the CT Energia Note remained fully reserved and we had not accrued any interest with respect to this note receivable. 

8   

Table of Contents  

As discussed above under   Share Purchase Agreement  , the Company sold its 51% interest in Harvest Holding, the parent company of HNR Finance, which holds the CT Energia Note), to an affiliate of CT Energy on October 7, 2016.  

Reverse Stock Split 

On December 2, 2015, the Company received notification from the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) that the Company was not in compliance with the NYSE's continued listing standards, which require a minimum average closing price of $1.00 per share over 30 consecutive trading days.  In an effort to correct the deficiency, after the market closed on November 3, 2016, the Company completed a   one  -for-four reverse split of its issued and outstanding common stock.  The Company s common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis at market open on November 4, 2016.  In connection with the reverse stock split, the Company amended its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to reduce the authorized number of shares of common stock from   150,000,000   to   37,500,000  . 

As of November 4, 2016, the closing price of the Company s common stock had increased to   $4.45   per share.  Given the increase in our common stock price, the Company expects that it will regain compliance with the NYSE s minimum price listing standard on December 19, 2016. 

All share and per share amounts in this report have been reported on a post-split basis. 

Note 2   Liquidity 

W  e expect the net proceeds from the sale of our Venezuelan interests   on October 7, 2016     will be adequate to meet our short-term liquidity requirements.      

In January, April and July   2016, due to our liquidity position, the Company amended the   15%   Note to increase the principal amount of the note equal to the amount of the   accrued   interest, less withholding   tax, which   was due to CT Energy.    On May 3, 2016  , the Company increased the principal amount of the 15% Note by   $3.0   million  .       Taking these increases into account, t  he   principal   amount outstanding under the 15% Note   was     $30.  9   million   as of   September 30, 2016  .    As of   September 30, 2016,   we   had   capitalized interest payments  , less withholding tax,   totaling   $  2  .7   million.   

As discussed above in   Note 1      Organization     Share Purchase Agreement  , the outstanding principal under the Additional Draw Note   wa  s    $8  .0   million   at   September 30  , 2016  .  T  he Additio  nal Draw Note was cancelled on October 7, 2016   upon the closing of the sale of our Venezuelan interests  .   

Our primary tangible asset is our oil and gas interests in Gabon.  We have received two proposals for the purchase of our Gabon interests and are in discussions with both potential buyers; however, there can be no assurances that these discussions or either proposal will lead to a definitive transaction.  We currently are evaluating the   continued development or   possible sale of our Gabon interests,   potential   distributions of cash to our stockholders, and possible dissolution of the Company.   

The Company completed a one-for-four reverse split of its issued and outstanding common stock on November 3, 2016.  See   Note 1   Organization   Reverse Stock Split  , above, for more information.    All share and per share amounts in this report have been reflected on a post-split basis in these financial statements. 

On April 25, 2016, the Company received a notice from the NYSE stating that the Company was not in compliance with a second NYSE continued listing requirement, which provides that a company is not in compliance if its average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period is less than $50 million and, at the same time, its stockholders  equity is less than $50 million.    The Company believes that the sale of its Venezuelan interests on October 7, 2016 ultimately will allow it to regain compliance with this listing standard by increasing its stockholders  equity.  However, the Company must demonstrate compliance for two consecutive financial quarters before the deficiency can be cured. 

Upon the closing of the sale of the Company s 51 percent interest in Harvest Holding, the Company received, among other consideration, $69.4 million in net cash proceeds and a $  12.0   million note payable from Delta Petroleum, due   six   months after closing.   A portion of the proceeds from the sale have been and will be used to fund costs associated with the either the sale or development of the Company s Gabon prospect, to pay certain severance costs, to fund capital expenditures, to pay tax obligations related to the sale, to fund any potential future dividends declared and to maintain ongoing general operating and administrative expenses.   

9   

Table of Contents  

Note 3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated condensed financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany profits, transactions and balances have been eliminated. Third-party interests in our majority-owned subsidiaries are presented as noncontrolling interests owners. 

Reclassifications 

Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation.  These reclassifications did not affect our consolidated condensed financial results. 

Note Receivable    

A loan is considered impaired if it is probable, based on current information and events, that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan. Loans are reviewed for impairment and include loans that are past due, non-performing or in bankruptcy. Recognition of interest income is suspended and the loan is placed on non-accrual status when management determines that collection of future interest income is not probable. Accrual is resumed, and previously suspended interest income is recognized, when the loan becomes contractually current and/or collection doubts are removed. Cash receipts on impaired loans are recorded first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income. 

Investment in Affiliate  

Until the October 7, 2016 sale of our interests in Venezuela, w  e a  ccounted for the   investment in Petrodelta under   Accounting Standards Codification (   ASC   )   325   Investments   Other   (the  cost method   ).  Under the cost method we   did   not recognize any equity in earnings from   the   investment in Petrodelta in our results o  f operations, but   would have     recognize  d   any cash   dividends in the period they were   received.    

As of December 31, 2015, we fully impaired the carrying value of   the   investment in Petrodelta   and effective with the October 7, 2016 closing of the CT Energy transaction, we no longer have an ownership interest in Petrodelta.    See   Note   1   Organization   and     Note     5   Investment in Affiliate   for further information. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Other important significant estimates are those included in the valuation of our assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Oil and Natural Gas Properties 

The major components of property and equipment are as follows:  

Other Administrative Property 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from   three   to   five   years. Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the life of the applicable lease. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , depreciation expense     from   continuing  

10   

Table of Contents  

operations   was $  11   thousand and   $41   thousand, respectively.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , depreciation expense     from   continuing operations   was    $  21   thousand and   $67     thousand,   respectively. 

Other Assets 

Other assets at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 include deposits and retainers.  During 2015 we fully reserved the   $1.1   million blocked payment related to our drilling operations in Gabon.  The payment was blocked in accordance with the U.S. sanctions against Libya as set forth in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, and administered by the United States Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ).  See   Note 10   Commitments and Contingencies  .   At December 31, 2015, we recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of   $0.7   million and the remaining balance of the blocked payment was reclassified to a receivable from our joint venture partner for   $0.4   million.  

Capitalized Interest 

We capitalize interest costs for qualifying oil and natural gas properties. The capitalization period begins when expenditures are incurred on qualified properties, activities begin which are necessary to prepare the property for production and interest costs have been incurred. The capitalization period continues as long as these events occur.  The average additions for the period are used in the interest capitalization calculation. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, we did   not   capitalize interest costs due to insufficient on-going activity related to our oil and natural gas activities.  

Fair Value Measurements 

We measure and disclose our fair values in accordance with the provisions of ASC 820  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price) and establishes a three-level hierarchy, which encourages an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The three levels of the hierarchy are defined as follows: 

Level 1   Inputs to the valuation techniques that are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.     

Level 2   Inputs to the valuation techniques that are other than quoted prices but are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly.     

Level 3   Inputs to the valuation techniques that are unobservable for the assets or liabilities.     

Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, are primarily cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, stock appreciation rights ( SARs ), restricted stock units ( RSUs ), debt, embedded derivatives and warrant derivative liability. We maintain cash and cash equivalents in bank deposit accounts with commercial banks, which at times may exceed the federally insured limits. We have not experienced any losses from such investments. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the nature of our receivables. In the normal course of business, collateral is not required for financial instruments with credit risk.  The estimated fair value of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable, p  repaid costs, accounts payable   and other current liabilities approximate their carrying value due to their short-term nature (Level 1).  The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy our financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015.  During the year ended December 31, 2015, we impaired the carrying value of our Dussafu project in Gabon by   $23.2   million and our investment in affiliate by   $164.7   million.  See   Note 5       Investment in Affiliate   and   Note 7       Gabon   for more information. 

11   

Table of Contents  

(a) See   Note   8   Debt and Financing  ,   Note   9 Warrant Derivative Liability   and   Note   13   Dis  continued Operations 

(a) 

See   Note 8   Debt and Financing  ,   Note   9 Warrant Derivative Liability   and     Note 13   Dis  continued Operations     

As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of our liability awards included $  0.4   million for our SARs   and $  0.4     million for the RSUs   both of   which were recorded in accrued expenses.   As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of our liability awards included $0.1 million for our SARs which were recorded in accrued expenses and $0.2 million for our RSUs which were recorded in accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities.  

Derivative Financial Instruments 

As required by ASC 820, a financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair value assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.  See   Note 9   Warrant Derivative Liability   for a description and discussion of our warrant derivative liability as well as a description of the valuation models and inputs used to calculate the fair value.  See   Note 8   Debt and Financing   for a description and discussion of our embedded derivatives related to our   15%   Note as well as a description of the valuation models and inputs used to calculate the fair value.  All of our embedded derivatives   included in our assets held for sale   and warrants   included in liabilities held for sale   are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy.     See   Note 13   Discontinued Operations     for discussion of our discontinued operations. 

Changes in Level 3 Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The following table provides a reconciliation of financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). 

(a) See   Note 8   Debt and Financing   and   Note 13   Discontinued Operations 

12   

Table of Contents  

(a) See   Note 9   Warrant Derivative Liability   and   Note 13   Discontinued Operations 

During   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, no transfers were made between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 liabilities or investments.       

Share-Based Compensation 

We use the fair value based method of accounting for share-based compensation. We utilized the Black-Scholes option pricing model to measure the fair value of stock options and SARs on their grant dates in years prior to 2015. Restricted stock and RSUs were measured at their fair values.  During 2015, we issued options, SARs and RSUs with an additional market condition.  To fair value these awards, we utilized a Monte Carlo simulation. 

13   

Table of Contents  

The following table is a summary of compensation expense recorded in general and administrative expense in our consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive   income (  loss  )   by type of awards: 

The assumptions summarized in the following table were used to calculate the fair value of the SARs classified as Level 3 instruments that were outstanding as of the balance sheet date: 

Income Taxes 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects, calculated at currently enacted rates, of (a) future deductible   and   taxable amounts attributable to events that have been recognized on a cumulative basis in the financial statements or income tax returns, and (b) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that the benefit from the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

We classify interest related to income tax liabilities and penalties as applicable, as interest expense.  We recorded   no   penalties during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015. 

Since December 2013, we have provided deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries where we are not able to assert that such earnings were permanently reinvested, or otherwise could be repatriated in a tax free manner, as part of our ongoing business.  As of Decembe  r   31, 2015 and through the third   quarter of 2016, the deferred tax liability provided on such earnings was   zero   due to the impairment of the underlying book investment in Petrodelta. 

14   

Table of Contents  

The 15% Note was issued, for income tax purposes, with original issue discount ( OID ).  OID generally is deductible for income tax purposes.  However, if the debt instrument constitutes an  applicable high-yield discount obligation  ( AHYDO ) within the meaning of IRC Section 163(i)(1), then a portion of the OID likely would be non-deductible pursuant to IRC Section 163(e)(5).  Our analysis of the 15% Note is that the note may be an AHYDO; consequently, a portion or all of the OID likely may be non-deductible for income tax purposes. 

The Internal Revenue Service (   IRS   )     has   audit  ed   the Company s 2013 and 2014 tax years. The audit commenced in April 2016 and the IRS   issue  d   a no chan  ge report   on August 16, 2016  . 

Noncontrolling Interest Owners 

Changes in noncontrolling interest owners were as follows: 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In February 2016, the   Financial Accounting Standards Board (   FASB   )   issued   Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-02,  Leases   .  It is expected to be effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2018 for public entities.  Early application is permitted.  Under the new provisions, all lessees will report a right-of-use asset and a liability for the obligation to make payments for all leases with the exception of those leases with a term of 12 months or less.  All other leases will fall into one of two categories: (1) Financing leases, similar to capital leases, will require the recognition of an asset and liability, measured at the present value of the lease payments.  Interest on the liability will be recognized separately from amortization of the asset.  Principal repayments will be classified as financing outflows and payments of interest as operating outflows on the statement of cash flows.  (2) Operating leases will also require the recognition of an asset and liability measured at the present value of the lease payments.  A single lease cost, consisting of interest on the obligation and amortization of the asset, calculated such that the amortization of the asset will increase as the interest amount decreases resulting in a straight-line recognition of lease expense.  All cash outflows will be classified as operating on the statement of cash flows.  We do not believe the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815: Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments) .  This amendment addresses how an entity should assess whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of debt instruments that are clearly and closely related to the debt hosts.  This assessment is necessary to determine if the option(s) must be separately accounted for as a derivative.  The ASU clarifies that an entity is required to assess the embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with the specific four-step decision sequence. This means entities  are not also required to assess whether the contingency for exercising the option(s) is indexed to interest rates or credit risk. For example, when evaluating debt instruments puttable upon a change in control, the event triggering the change in control is not relevant to the assessment.  Only the resulting settlement of debt is subject to the four-step decision sequence.  The amendment is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  However, if an entity early adopts the amendment in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of that fiscal year.  We do not believe the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.     

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07,  Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323) . This amendment simplifies the accounting for equity method of investments, the amendment in the update eliminates the requirement in Topic 323 that an entity retroactively adopt the equity method of accounting if an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree of influence. The amendment requires that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. The amendment in this update is effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendment should be applied prospectively upon the effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance. 

15   

Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) .  It introduces targeted amendments intended to simplify the accounting for stock compensation.  Specifically the ASU requires all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement.  The tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur.  An entity also should recognize excess tax benefits, and assesses the need for a valuation allowance, regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period.  That is, off balance sheet accounting for net operating losses stemming from excess tax benefits would no longer be required and instead such net operating losses would be recognized, net of a valuation allowance if required, through an adjustment to opening retained earnings in the period of adoption.  Entities will no longer need to maintain and track an Additional Paid In Capital pool.  The ASU also requires excess tax benefits to be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows.  The amendment is effective for public entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance.  

In June 2016, the FASB issued   ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  The   new guidance   is   related to the calculation of credit losses on financial instruments. All financial instruments not accounted for at fair value will be impacted, including our trade and partner receivables. Allowances are to be measured using a current expected credit loss model as of the reporting date which is based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This is significantly different from the current model which increases the allowance when losses are probable. This change is effective for all public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years and will be applied with a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. We are currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and are assessing its potential impact on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and related disclosures. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , or ASU 2016-15. ASU 2016-15 provides specific guidance on eight cash flow classification issues not specifically addressed by GAAP: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments; contingent consideration payments; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies; distributions from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The amendments in ASU 2016-15 are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. ASU 2016-15 should be applied using a retrospective transition method, unless it is impracticable to do so for some of the issues. In such case, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the provisions of ASU 2016-15 but do not expect ASU 2016-15 to have a significant impact on the presentation of cash receipts and cash payments within our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory  , which eliminates the exception that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory until the asset has been sold to an outside party. We will be required to adopt the amendments in this ASU in the annual and interim periods beginning January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted at the beginning of an annual reporting period for which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been issued or made available for issuance. The application of the amendments will require the use of a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. We are evaluating the standard and the impact it will have on our consolidated financial statements  . 

16   

Table of Contents  

Note 4   Earnings Per Share 

Basic earnings per common share ( EPS )   are computed by dividing loss from continuing operations   available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that would occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock.  

a) 

Net of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests.     

During the   three months ended September 30, 2016   per share calculations above exclude  d     1.6   million options and   8.5   million warrants   because we had a loss from continuing operations  . During the   three months ended September 30, 2015 per share c  alculations above exclude  d     1.0   million options and   9.5   million warrants because   we had a loss from continuing operations. 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   per share calculations above exclude  d     1.7   million options and   8.5   million warrants   because we had a loss from continuing operations  . During   nine months ended September 30, 2015 per share c  alculations above exclude  d     1.0   million options and   9.5   million warrants because   we had a loss from continuing operations. 

The excluded options and warrants above have been adjusted taking into account the November 3, 2016,   one-for-four   reverse stock split.        All share and p  er share amounts in this report   have been reflected on a post-split basis   in these financial statements  .         

Note   5     Investment in Affiliate 

Venezuela   Petrodelta 

Prior to the October 7, 2016 sale of our interests in Venezuela, our 40 percent investment in Petrodelta was   indirectly   owned through our subsidiary, Harvest Holding, which was sold in the transaction.   Prior to the sale, we accounted for our investment in Petrodelta under the cost method as we did not exercise significant influence over the operations of Petrodelta. 

Under the cost method we did not recognize any equity in earnings from our investment in Petrodelta in our results of operations, but would have recognized any cash dividends as income in the period they were received. 

The carrying value of our investment in Petrodelta at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was nil.  For more information about the sale of our interests in Venezuela, see   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  . 

Note 6   Venezuela   Other 

Prior to the October 7, 2016 sale of our Venezuelan interests,   Harvest Vinccler  , S.C.A, a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvest Holding ( Harvest Vinccler )   assist  ed   in the oversight of   the   investment in Petrodelta and in negotiations with PDVSA. Harvest  

17   

Table of Contents  

Vinccler s fun  ctional and reporting currency was   the   United States Dollar (   USD   )  .   They did   not have currency exchange risk other than the official preva  iling exchange rate that applied   to their operating costs denominated in Venezuelan Bolivars ( Bolivars ).  

On March 9, 2016,   the   Venezuela  n     government   announced a new exchange agreement No. 35 (the  Exchange Agreement No. 35 ).  Exchange Agreement No. 35 was published in Venezuela s Official Gazette No. 40865 dated March 9, 2016, and became effective on March 10, 2016.  Exchange Agreement No. 35 will have a dual exchange rate for a controlled rate (named DIPRO) fixed at   DIPRO   10   Bolivars  /USD   for priority   goods and services and a comple  mentary rate (named DICOM) starting at   206.92   Bolivars   per USD   for travel and other non-essential goods.  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , Harvest Vinccler exchanged approximately   $0.1   million   and   $  0.2   million, respectively,   and received   660.16   Bolivars and   518.57   Bolivars  , respectively,   per USD  .   

The monetary assets that were   exposed to exchange rate fluctuation  s were cash, accounts receivable and   prepaid expenses. The monetary liabilities that   were   exposed to exchange rate fluctuations are accounts payable, accruals, current and deferred income tax and other tax obligations and other current liabilities. All monetary assets and liabilities incurred at the   DIPRO   exchange rate   were   settled at the 10 Bolivar  /USD   exchange rate. At   September 30, 2016  , the balances in Harvest Vinccler s Bolivar denominated monetary assets a  nd liabilities accounts that were   exposed to exchange rate changes   were     47.6   million Bolivars (  $  0.0  9   million) and   59.3   million Bolivars (  $  0.  11   million), respectively.  

On October 7, 2016, the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, HNR Energia, completed the sale of all of HNR Energia s 51% interest in Harvest Holding, to Delta Petroleum, pursuant to Share Purchase Agreement.  See     Note 1   Organization   for more information. 

Note   7     Gabon 

Following the October 7, 2016 sale of our interests in Venezuela, our interests in Gabon represent our primary tangible asset.  We have received two proposals for the purchase of our Gabon interests and are in discussions with both potential buyers; however, there can be no assurances that these discussions or either proposal will lead to a definitive transaction. 

We are the operator of the Dussafu PSC with a   66.667   percent ownership interest. Located offshore Gabon, adjacent to the border with the Republic of Congo, the Dussafu PSC covers an area of   680,000   acres with water depths up to   1,650   feet. 

The Dussafu PSC partners and the Republic of Gabon, represented by the Ministry of Mines, Energy, Petroleum and Hydraulic Resources, entered into the third exploration phase of the Dussafu PSC with an effective date of May 28, 2012.   T  he third exploration phase   expired   May 27, 2016.      Expiration of t  he exploration phase has no effect on the discovered fields under the Exclusive Exploitation Authorization ( EEA ) as discussed below.    

On March 26, 2014, the joint venture partners approved a resolution that the discovered fields are commercial to exploit.  On June 4, 2014, a Declaration of Commerciality ( DOC ) was signed with Gabon pertaining to   four   discoveries on the Dussafu Project offshore Gabon.  Furthermore, on July 17, 2014, the Direction Generale Des Hydrocarbures ( DGH ) awarded an EEA for the development and exploitation of certain oil discoveries on the Dussafu Project and on October 10, 2014, the field development plan was approved. The Company has   four   years from the date of the EEA approval to begin production.          

Operational activities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , included continued evaluation of development plans, based on the 3D seismic data acquired in late 2013 and processed during 2014.   

In September 2016, the Company assessed the need for impairment related to the unproved properties of the Dussafu PSC.  The primary factors considered were the current bids received for the project which substantiated the carrying value at September 30, 2016.  Other factors considered were price forecasts, drilling costs and the remaining time on the EEA; none of which currently indicated a need for impairment.  Based on our September 2016 review, it is the opinion of the Company that no impairment is needed for the Dussafu prospect for the three months ending September 30, 2016. 

We also reviewed the value of our oilfield inventories that are in the country of Gabon, of which the majority is steel conductor and casing.    At March 31, 2016, based on contemporaneous market prices, we impaired the value of this inventory by   $0.1 million  .  At   September 30, 2016  , we determined   that   an   additional   $1.  3   million   impairment was necessary   after review of condition of equipment   leaving the value related to the inventory   at    $  1  .  6   million.   

See   Note 10   Commitments and Contingencies   for   additional information regarding   our Gabon operations. 

The Dussafu PSC represents   $29.6   million of unproved oil and   natural   gas properties including inventory on our   September 30, 2016   balance sheet (  $31.0   million at   December 31, 2015  ). 

18   

Table of Contents  

Note   8     Debt and Financing  

As described in   Note 1   Organization   Securities Purchase Agreement,   on June 19, 2015, we issued the CT Warrant, the 9% Note, the 15% Note and the Additional Draw Note to CT Energy and received proceeds of   $30.6   million, net of financing fees of   $1.6   million. As described in   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , these securities were cancelled  , paid off   or relinquished by CT Energy on October 7, 2017 upon the closing of the sale of all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy. 

We previously identified embedded derivative assets and derivative liabilities in the 9% Note and 15% Note and determined that the CT Warrant did not meet the required conditions to qualify for equity classification and was required to be classified as a warrant derivative liability (see   Note 9   Warrant Derivative Liability  ).  The estimated fair value, at issuance, of the embedded derivative asset, described below, was $2.5 million, the embedded derivative liability, described below, was $13.5 million and the warrant derivative liability was $40.0 million.  In accordance with   ASC 815  , the proceeds were first allocated to the fair value of the embedded derivatives and CT Warrant, which resulted in no value being attributable to the 9% Note and the 15% Note. 

The following table summarizes the changes in our long-term debt due to related party, net of discount   currently included in liabilities held for sale   in the balance sheet  : 

At September   30, 2016, t  he   amended   face value of the   15%   Note   was     $30.  9   million.  The unamortized discount   of the 15% Note   was $  23.0    m  illion   at   September 30, 2016   and   $25.0   million at December 31, 2015.  T  he Company accrete  d   the discount over the life of the   15% N  ote using the interest method.    Total inter  est expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   associated with the     15% N  ote   from CT Energy, a related party,   was   $1.7   million, comprised of   $1.4   million related to the stated   rate of interest on the note,     $0.4   million related to the accretion of the discount on the debt   and   $(0.1)   million related to amortization of premium on debt  .    Total inter  est expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   associated with the     15% N  ote   from CT Energy, a related party,   was   $4.0   million, comprised of   $3.3   million related to the stated rate of interest on the note  ,    $  0.8   million related to the accretion of the discount on the debt   and   $(0.1)   million amortization of premium on debt  .  The fair value of the 15% Note at   September 30, 2016   was   $  13.9   million,   calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation. 

CT Energy agreed to lend Harvest   $2.0   million per month for up to   five   months at   15%   interest beginning on   July 19, 2016  , until the earlier of the closing under or the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement.  These loans were made under the Additional Draw Note.  See   Additional Draw Note   below for more information. 

15% Note 

On June 19, 2015, we issued the 15% Note to CT Energy.  As described in   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , the 15% Note was cancelled on October 7, 2017 upon the closing of the sale of all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy. 

The 15% Note was a five-year note in the aggregate principal amount of $25.2 million with interest that compounded quarterly at a rate of 15% per annum.  The 15% Note was payable quarterly on the first business day of each January, April, July and October, commencing October 1, 2015.  If the Stock Appreciation Date had not occurred by the Claim Date, the maturity date of the 15% Note could have been extended by   two   years and the interest rate on the 15% Note would have been adjusted to   8.0%   (the  15% Note Reset Feature ).  The lending of funds under of the Additional Draw Note extended the Claim Date and 15% Note Reset Feature.  See   Additional Draw Note   below for additional details. 

On January 4, April 1, and May 3, 2016, Harvest entered into first, second and third amendments, respectively, to the 15%   Note.  Each amendment converted   an interest payment and increased the principal amount of the 15% Note by the amount of the   convert  ed interest payment, less applicable withholding tax of   $0.1   million for January 4 and April 1. Additionally, the third amendment also increased the principal amount of the 15% Note by   $3.0   million in connection with additional funds received from CT Energy.  After  

19   

Table of Contents  

taking into account the third amendment, the outstanding principal amount of the 15% Note was   $30.9   million effective as of July 1, 2016.   

We evaluated the 15% Note Reset Feature related to the interest rate and maturity date using  ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging .  Because the interest rate and maturity date reset were linked to achievement of a certain stock price, the feature was not considered clearly and closely related to the debt host. In addition, the interest rate at the reset date was not tied to any approximation of the expected   market   rate at the date of the term extension as required by ASC 815.  As a result, we accounted for the 15% Note Reset Feature as an embedded derivative asset that had been measured at fair value with current changes in fair value reflected in our consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss.      

The embedded 15% Note Reset Feature in the 15% Note was valued using the  with  and  without  method.  A Black-Derman-Toy ( BDT )   Model  , which is a binomial interest rate lattice model, was used to value the 15% Note and the incremental value attributed to the embedded option was determined based on a comparison of the value of the 15% Note with the feature included and without the feature included.  Key inputs into this valuation model are the U.S. Treasury rate, our credit spread and the underlying yield volatility.  As part of our overall valuation process, management employs processes to evaluate and validate the methodologies, techniques and inputs, including review and approval of valuation judgments, methods, models, process controls, and results. These processes are designed to help ensure that the fair value measurements and disclosures are appropriate, consistently applied, and reliable. We estimate the yield volatility for the 15% Note based on historical daily volatility of the USD denominated Venezuela Sovereign zero coupon yield over a look back period of   3.97   years.  The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve as of the valuation dates for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the 15% Note. The credit spread was estimated based on the option adjusted spread ( OAS ) of the Venezuelan yield over the USD Treasury yield and the implied OAS for the transaction as of the date the term sheet was signed to capture the investor s assessment of the risk in their investment in the Company.  This model requires Level 3 inputs (see   Note 3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements  ) which were based on our estimates of the probability and timing of potential future financings and fundamental transactions. 

The embedded derivative asset related to the 15% Note contains a Level 3 input related to the probability of our investor lending us additional funds or   not   lending us funds according to the terms of the loan agreement for the additional draws, as discussed below.  We have assumed a 10/90 scenario (50/50 scenario at December 31, 2015) of the draw or no draw for valuation of the embedded derivative asset.  

The   assumptions   summarized in the following table were used to calculate the fair value of the derivative asset associated with the 15% Note   and the Additional Draw Notes that were   outstanding as of   September 30, 2016     included in liabilities   held for sale   on our consolidated condensed balance sheet: 

Fair Value  

Hierarchy  

As of September 30,  

Level  

2016  

Significant assumptions (or ranges):  

Weighted Term (years)  

3.72 

Yield Volatility  

Level 2 input  

40 

%   

Risk-free rate  

Level 1 input  

1.0% to 1.2  

%   

Dividend yield  

Level 2 input  

0.0 

%   

Scenario probability:   

Claim Date extended with Stock Appreciation Date threshold met  

Level 3 input  

72.2 

%   

Claim Date extended with Stock Appreciation Date threshold not met  

Level 3 input  

46.0 

%   

Claim Date not extended with Stock Appreciation Date threshold met  

Level 3 input  

72.2 

%   

Claim Date not extended with Stock Appreciation Date threshold not met  

Level 3 input  

44.9 

%   

Scenario probability (future draws/no future draws)  

Level 3 input  

10%/90  

%   

The fair value of the embedded derivative asset   related to the 15% Note Reset Feature     was $8.4 million     at     September 30, 2016     and $5.0 million at December 31, 2015.  We recognized    $  0.5   million     and   $  2.2     million, respectively,   in changes in fair value of embedded derivative asset   in our consolidated condensed statement of operations   and comprehensive   income (  loss  )   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .    We recognized   $2.7   million   and $  3.3   million, respectively,   in derivative expense   related to this embedded derivative asset   and liabilities   in our consolidated condensed statement of operations   and comprehensive   income (  loss  )   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

A  dditional Draw Note 

On June 19, 2015,   the Company also issued the Additional Draw Note, under which CT Energy could elect to provide   $2.0   million of additional funds to the Company per month for up to   six   months following the   one  -year anniversary of the closing date of  

20   

Table of Contents  

the transaction (up to   $12.0   million in aggregate).    The outstanding principal under the Additional Draw Note was $8.0 million at September 30, 2016, consisting of loans of $2.0 million by CT Energy on each of June 21, 2016, July 20, 2016, August 24, 2016 and September 21, 2016.  As described in   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , the Additional Draw Note was cancelled on October 7, 2017 upon the closing of the sale of all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy. 

Interest under the Additional Draw Note was to be compounded quarterly at a rate of 15.0% per annum and payable quarterly on the first business day of each January, April, July and October, commencing October 1, 2016.  If the Stock Appreciation Date had not occurred by the Claim Date, the maturity date of the Additional Draw Note could have been extended by   two   years and the interest rate on the Additional Draw Note would have adjusted to adjust to   8.0%  , (the  Additional Draw Note Reset Feature ).    However, while CT Energy was making the monthly $2.0 million loans under the Additional Draw Note, the Claim Date was to be extended. 

At June 30, 2016, due to the $2.0 million loaned under the Additional Draw Note on June 20, 2016, we evaluated the Additional Draw Note Reset Feature related to the interest rate and maturity date using  ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging .  We determined to account for the Additional Draw Note Reset Feature as an embedded derivative asset measured at fair value with current changes in fair value reflected in our consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss.  The embedded Additional Draw Note Reset Feature in the Additional Draw Note was valued using the same methods and assumptions as the 15% Note Reset Feature discussed above.      

The   assumptions   summarized in the   table   above for the 15% Note   were used to calculate the fair value of the derivative asset associated with the   Additional Draw Notes that were   outstanding as of   September 30, 2016     included in liabilities held for sale   on our consolidated condensed balance sheet 

The fair value of the   embedded derivative asset related to the Additional Draw Note Reset Feature was $  2.2   million at   September 30, 2016  .  We recognized $  0.2   million for the three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   in change in fair value of embedded derivative assets in our consolidated condensed statement of operations and comprehensive   income (  loss  )     related to the   Additional Draw Note Reset Feature.   

Note   9     Warrant Derivative Liabili  ty 

CT Warrant 

On June 19, 2015, we issued CT Energy the CT Warrant, which was exercisable for   34,070,820   shares (approximately   8,517,705    shares taking into account the     November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split) of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of   $1.25   per share (  $5.00   per share taking into account the     November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split).  The CT Warrant could not be exercised until the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock over any consecutive 30-day period   equaled   or exceeded   $2.50   per share (  $10.00   per share taking into account the     November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split) (the  Stock Appreciation Date ).    As described in   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , the CT Warrant was cancelled on October 7, 2017 upon the closing of the sale of all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy. 

We analyzed the CT Warrant to determine whether it should be classified as a derivative liability or equity   instrument  .  Provisions of the CT Warrant agreement allowed for a change in the exercise price of the CT Warrant upon the occurrence of certain corporate events.  These exercise price adjustments incorporated variables other than those used to determine the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed forward or option on equity shares; therefore, the CT Warrant was not considered to be  indexed to the issuer s own stock  and did not meet the exception from derivative treatment in ASC 815.  We continued to account for the CT Warrant as a derivative which was marked to market as of September 30, 2016.  

A Monte Carlo simulation model is used to value the CT Warrant to estimate if the Stock Appreciation Date is achieved, which is based on the average stock price over a 30 day period (  21   trading days) reaching $2.50   ($10.00 per share taking into account the     November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split)  .  This requires Level 3 inputs (see   Note 3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements  ) which are fundamentally based on market data but require complex modeling.  The additional modeling is required in order to simulate future stock prices, to determine whether the Stock Appreciation Date is achieved and to model the projected exercise behavior of the warrant holders. 

The assumptions summarized in the following table were used to calculate the fair value of the warrant derivative liability that was outstanding as of   the balance sheet date included in liabilities held for sale   on our consolidated condensed balance sheet: 

21   

Table of Contents  

The stock price, exercise price, and stock appreciation date price have been adjusted taking into account the November 3, 2016   one-for-four     reverse stock split.   

We estimate the volatility of our common stock based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the longest instrument in the transaction, seven years. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve as of the valuation dates for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the CT Warrant. The expected life of the CT Warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which we anticipate to remain at zero. 

The fair value of the CT Warrant was $  14.9   millio  n at   September 30, 2016     and   $5.5   million at December 31, 2015.    We recognized     $1.5     million   and     $9.4     million, respectively,   in   change in fair value of   warrant liabilit  ies   in our consolidated condensed statement of operations   and comprehensive   income (  loss  )   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .    We recognized   income of   $10.0   million   and $  12.4   million, respectively,   in   change in fair value of   warrant liabilit  ies   in our consolidated condensed statement of operations   and comprehensive   income (  loss  )     for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

Note 1  0     Commitments and Contingencies  

We have various contractual commitments pertaining to leasehold, training, and development costs for the Dussafu PSC totaling   $4.5   million. Under the EEA granted for the Dussafu PSC on July 17, 2014, we are required to commence production within   four   years of the date of grant in order to preserve our rights to production under the EEA.  We expect that significant capital expenditures will be required prior to commencement of production. These work commitments are non-discretionary; however, we do have the ability to control the pace of expenditures. 

Under the agreements with our partner in the Dussafu PSC, we are jointly and severally liable to various third parties. As of   September 30, 2016  , the gross carrying amount associated with obligations to third parties which were fixed at the end of the period was   $37   thousand    (  $0.3   million as of   December 31, 2015  ) and is related to accounts payable to vendors, accrued expenses and withholding taxes payable to taxing authorities. As we are currently the operator for the Dussafu PSC, the gross carrying amount related to accounts payable and withholding taxes are reflected in the consolidated condensed balance sheet in accounts payable.  The net amount related to other accrued expenses is reflected in accrued expenses in the con  solidated condensed balance sheet. Our partners have obligations totaling   $12     thousand   as of   September 30, 2016    (  $0.1   million as of   December 31, 2015  ) to us for these liabilities. As we expect our partners will continue to meet their obligations to fund their share of expenditures, we have not recognized any additional liability related to fixed joint interest obligations attributable to our joint interest partners.   

The following related class action lawsuits were filed on the dates specified in the United States District Court, Southern District of Texas: John Phillips v. Harvest Natural Resources, Inc., James A. Edmiston and Stephen C. Haynes (March 22, 2013) (the  Phillips Case ); Sang Kim v. Harvest Natural Resources, Inc., James A. Edmiston, Stephen C. Haynes, Stephen D. Chesebro , Igor Effimoff, H. H. Hardee, Robert E. Irelan, Patrick M. Murray and J. Michael Stinson (April 3, 2013); Chris Kean v. Harvest Natural Resources, Inc., James A. Edmiston and Stephen C. Haynes (April 11, 2013); Prastitis v. Harvest Natural Resources, Inc., James A. Edmiston and Stephen C. Haynes (April 17, 2013); Alan Myers v. Harvest Natural Resources, Inc., James A. Edmiston and Stephen C. Haynes (April 22, 2013); and Edward W. Walbridge and the Edward W. Walbridge Trust v. Harvest Natural Resources, Inc., James A. Edmiston and Stephen C. Haynes (April 26, 2013). The complaints alleged that the defendants made certain false or misleading public statements and demanded that the defendants pay unspecified damages to the class action plaintiffs based on stock price declines. All of these actions were consolidated into the Phillips Case. On August 25, 2016, the court granted the defendants  motion to dismiss the  

22   

Table of Contents  

Phillips Case and entered a final judgment dismissing the Phillips Case in its entirety.   The plaintiffs declined to file an appeal, and the time for the filing an appeal expired on   September 26, 2016  . 

In May 2012, Newfield Production Company ( Newfield ) filed notice pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement between Harvest (US) Holdings, Inc. ( Harvest US ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvest, and Newfield dated March 21, 2011 (the  PSA ) of a potential environmental claim involving certain wells drilled on the Antelope Project. The claim asserts that locations constructed by Harvest US were built on, within, or otherwise impact or potentially impact wetlands and other water bodies. The notice asserts that, to the extent of potential penalties or other obligations that might result from potential violations, Harvest US must indemnify Newfield pursuant to the PSA. In June 2012, we provided Newfield with notice pursuant to the PSA (1) denying that Newfield has any right to indemnification from us, (2) alleging that any potential environmental claim related to Newfield s notice would be an assumed liability under the PSA and (3) asserting that Newfield indemnify us pursuant to the PSA. We dispute Newfield s claims and plan to vigorously defend against them.  We are currently unable to estimate the amount or range of any possible loss. 

On February 27, 2015, Harvest (US) Holdings, Inc. ( Harvest US ), a who  lly owned subsidiary of Harvest and     Branta, LLC and Branta Exploration   Production Company, LLC     filed a complaint   against Newfield in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. The plaintiffs previously sold oil and natural gas assets located in Utah s Uinta Basin to Newfield pursuant to   two   Purchase and Sale Agreements, each dated March 21, 2011. In the complaint, the plaintiffs allege that, prior to the sale, Newfield breached separate confidentiality agreements with Harvest US and Branta by discussing the auction of the assets with a potential bidder for the assets, which caused the potential bidder not to participate in the auction and resulted in a depressed sales price for the assets. The complaint seeks damages and fees for breach of contract, violation of the Colorado Antitrust Act, violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act and tortious interference with a prospective business advantage. In September 2015, plaintiffs amended their complaint to add Ute Energy, LLC and Crescent Point Energy Corporatio  n as defendants. Subsequently, p  laintiffs agreed to dismiss with prejudice all claims against Ute Energy, LLC and Crescent Point Energy Corporation.    On August 12, 2016, the court denied Newfield s motion to dismiss the claim. 

On May 31, 2011, the United Kingdom branch of our subsidiary, Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. (UK), initiated a wire transfer of approximately   $1.1   million (  $0.7   million net to our   66.667   percent interest) intending to pay Libya Oil Gabon S.A. ( LOGSA ) for fuel that LOGSA supplied to our subsidiary in the Netherlands, Harvest Dussafu, B.V., for the company s drilling operations in Gabon. On June 1, 2011, our bank notified us that it had been required to block the payment in accordance with the U.S. sanctions against Libya as set forth in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, and administered by OFAC, because the payee, LOGSA, may be a blocked party under the sanctions. The bank further advised us that it could not release the funds to the payee or return the funds to us unless we obtain authorization from OFAC. On October 26, 2011, we filed an application with OFAC for return of the blocked funds to us. Until that application is approved, the funds will remain in the blocked account, and we can give no assurance when OFAC will permit the funds to be released. On April 23, 2014, we received a notice that OFAC had denied our October 26, 2011 application for the return of the blocked funds.  During the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily due to the passage   of time  , we recorded a   $0.7   million allowance for doubtful accounts to general and administrative costs associated with the blocked payment and   $0.4   million receivable from our joint venture partner.   On October 13, 2015, we filed a request that OFAC reconsider its decision and on March 8, 2016 OFAC denied our October 13, 2015 request for the return of blocked funds; however, the Company will continue attempts to recover the funds from OFAC. 

Uracoa Municipality Tax Assessments. Harvest Vinccler, a subsidiary of Harvest Holding, has received nine assessments from a tax inspector for the Uracoa municipality in which part of the Uracoa, Tucupita and Bombal fields are located.  Harvest Holding had filed claims in the Tax Court in Caracas against the Uracoa Municipality for the refund of all municipal taxes paid since 1997.  Any potential liability for these tax assessments was transferred by the Company     upon the closing of the sale of the Company s 51% interest in Harvest Holding on October 7, 2016  , and remains the responsibility of Harvest Vinccler  . 

Libertador Municipality Tax Assessments. Harvest Vinccler has received five assessments from a tax inspector for the Libertador municipality in which part of the Uracoa, Tucupita and Bombal fields are located.  Harvest Vinccler had filed claims in the Tax Court in Caracas against the Libertador Municipality for the refund of all municipal taxes paid since 2002.  Any potential liability for these tax assessments was transferred by the Company upon the closing of the sale of the Company s 51% interest in Harvest Holding on October 7, 2016  , and remains the responsibility of Harvest Vinccler  . 

On January 26, 2015, Petroandina Resources Corporation N.V. ( Petroandina ), which owns a   29%   interest in Harvest Holding, filed a complaint for breach of contract against the Company and its subsidiary, HNR Energia, in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware ( Court of Chancery ).  The complaint alleged   a January 15, 2015 Request for Arbitration filed by HNR Finance and Harvest Vinccler against the Government of Venezuela before the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes regarding HNR Finance s investment in Petrodelta (the  Request for Arbitration )     constituted a breach of the Shareholders  Agreement, dated December 16, 2013, which governed the rights of HNR Energia and Petroandina as shareholders of Harvest Holding (the  Shareholders Agreement ).  Specifically, the Shareholders  Agreement required HNR Energia to provide advance notice of, and deposit   $5.0   million into an escrow account, before bringing any claim against the Venezuelan government. On January 28, 2015, the Court of Chancery issued an injunction ordering the Company and HNR Energia to withdraw the Request for Arbitration and not take any action to pursue its claims against Venezuela until Harvest and HNR Energia have complied with the provisions of  

23   

Table of Contents  

the Shareholders  Agreement or otherwise reached an agreement with Petroandina.  Accordingly, on January 28, 2015, HNR Finance B.V. and Harvest Vinccler withdrew without prejudice the Request for Arbitration.    On October 11, 2016, as described in the following paragraph, the Court of Chancery dismissed this claim with prejudice pursuant to a settlement agreement among the Company, HNR Energia, CT Energy and Petroandina.       

On July 12, 2016, Petroandina filed a second claim against the Company and HNR Energia in the Court of Chancery.  The claim alleged that, by entering into the Share Purchase Agreement to sell its Venezuelan interests to CT Energy, the Company and HNR Energia breached the Shareholders  Agreement.  The claim requested an injunction to prevent the Company and HNR Energia from completing the proposed transaction with CT Energy.  On August 16, 2016, the Court of Chancery granted Petroandina s motion for a preliminary injunction.  On September 8, 2016, the Company, HNR Energia, CT Energy and Petroandina entered into a settlement agreement (the    Settlement Agreement   ) intended to resolve the claim.  On September 8, 2016, the Court of Chancery granted an order amending its August 16, 2016 order and permitting Harvest and HNR Energia to effect the HNR Energia transaction, provided that the parties complied with the Settlement Agreement.  On October 7, 2016, as contemplated in the Settlement Agreement, Petroandina completed the sale of its 29% interest in Harvest Holding to Delta Petroleum, the assignee of CT Energy s rights and obligations under the Settlement Agreement (the  Petroandina Sale ).  On October 11, 2016, in accordance with the Settlement Agreement, the Court of Chancery issued an order dismissing with prejudice Petroandina s claims against the Company and HNR Energia.  As part of the Settlement Agreement and effective upon closing of the Petroandina Sale, HNR Energia agreed to pay Petroandina   $1,000,000     accrued as of September 30, 2016 and the cost   as reimbursement for expenses incurred by Petroandina in connection with the litigation related to the Shareholders  Agreement.    This was recorded to Transaction Costs Related to   Sale of Harvest Holding on our consolidated condensed statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    Additionally, effective upon the closing of the Petroandina Sale, the Company, HNR Energia and CT Energy released Petroandina and its affiliates, and Petroandina released the Company, HNR Energia, CT Energy and their respective affiliates, from all claims or liabilities in connection with the Shareholders  Agreement, the Share Purchase Agreement or the sale of the Company s interests in Venezuela arising up to the date of the Settlement Agreement.       

On August 9, 2016,   Robert Garfield, a stockholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit in the   215th   Civil District Court of Harris County, Texas against the members of the Company s board of directors (the "Board") and CT Energy (and the Company, as a nominal defendant).  The lawsuit asserts several class action and derivative claims, including that (i) the Board members breached their fiduciary duties to the Company s stockholders by negotiating and causing the execution of the Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) CT Energy aided and abetted the Board members in breaching their fiduciary duties and (iii) the Proxy Statement contained inadequate disclosures about the proposed transaction.  Among other relief, the lawsuit requests that the court grant an injunction to prevent the completion of the proposed transaction, in addition to unspecified rescissory and compensatory damages and attorneys  fees and other costs.  The Company intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit.  We are unable to estimate the amount or range of any possible loss.  On   September 14, 2016   plaintiff s motion for a temporary injunction was denied.  On November 3, 2016, we learned that the plaintiff will dismiss this lawsuit without prejudice. 

On   October   14, 2016, Saltpond Offshore Producing Co., Ltd. ( Saltpond ) filed a petition in the 334th Judicial District Court of Harris County, Texas under Rule 202 of the Texas Rules of Civil Procedure to take a pre-suit deposition of the Company s general counsel.  The petition alleges that Alessandro Bazzoni, a representative of CT Energy, obtained proceeds from oil allegedly misappropriated from Saltpond and used these funds to consummate the June 19, 2015 Securities Purchase Agreement between CT Energy and the Company.  The petition  seeks information to pursue a claim [against the Company] under the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act.   The Company denies the allegations in the petition and intends to mount a vigorous defense.  Because the petition is in its preliminary stages, it is not possible to estimate the likelihood or magnitude of any potential liability at this time. 

We are a defendant in or otherwise involved in other litigation incidental to our business. In the opinion of management, there is no such incidental litigation that will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Note 11   Operating Segments 

We regularly allocate resources to and assess the performance of our operations by segments that are organized by unique geographic and operating characteristics. The segments are organized in order to manage regional business, currency and tax related risks and opportunities. Operations included under the heading  United States  include corporate management, cash management, business development and financing activities performed in the United States and other countries, which do not meet the requirements for separate disclosure. All intersegment revenues, other income and equity earnings, expenses and receivables are eliminated in order to reconcile to consolidated totals. Corporate general and administrative and interest expenses are included in the United States segment and are not allocated to other operating segments. Segment loss and operating segment assets for prior periods have been adjusted to conform to the current presentation method in which intersegment items are eliminated from each segment s results and assets.  

24   

Table of Contents  

a) 

Net of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest owners.   See   Note 13 -  Discontinued Operations  .       

b) See   Note 13 -   Dis  continued Operations 

As described in   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , we sold all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy in a transaction that closed on October 7, 2016. 

Note 1  2     Related Party Transactions 

The noncontrolling interest owners in Harvest Holdings,   Oil   Gas Technology Consultants (Netherlands) Cooperatie V.A. (   Vinccler   )   (currently owning   20   percent) and Petroandina (currently owning   29   percent) were   both related parties of the Company   prior to the sale of our interests in Venezuela on October 7, 2016  .   

On January 4, April 1, and May 3, 2016, Harvest entered into first, second and third amendments, respectively, to the   15%   Note.  Each amendment   converted   an interest payment and increased the principal amount of the 15% Note by the amount of the   converted   interest payment, less applicable withholding tax   of   $0.1   million for January 4 and April 1, 2016  . Additionally, the third amendment   also   increased the principal amount of the 15% Note by   $3.0   million in connection with additional funds received from CT Energy.  After taking into account the third amendment, the outstanding principal amount of the 15% Note wa  s    $  30.9   million as of July 1  , 2016.   The 15% Note was cancelled upon the closing of the sale of our Venezuelan interests to an affiliate of CT Energy on October 7, 2016. 

On January 4, 2016, HNR Finance B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvest Holding ( HNR Finance ), provided a loan to CT Energia in the amount of $5.2 million under an 11.0% promissory note due 2019 (the  CT Energia Note ).  The purpose of the loan was to provide CT Energia with collateral to obtain funds for one or more loans to Petrodelta, which is 40% owned by HNR Finance.  HNR Finance s sole recourse for payment of the principal amount of the loan is the payments of principal and interest from loans that CT Energia has made to Petrodelta.    The source of funds for HNR Finance s $5.2 million loan to CT Energia was a capital contribution from Harvest Holding, which, in return, received the same aggregate amount of capital contributions from its shareholders, pro rata according to their equity interests in Harvest Holding. Of that aggregate amount of capital contributions, HNR Energia contributed $2.6 million, which was a capital contribution from Harvest.   During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we recorded a $5.2 million allowance to fully reserve the CT Energia Note due to concerns related to the continued deteriorating economic conditions in Venezuela and our assessment relating to the probability that the CT Energia Note will be collected.  As of September 30, 2016, the CT Energia Note remained fully reserved and we had not accrued any interest with respect to this note receivable.  As described under   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , the Company sold its 51  % interest in Harvest Holding (the parent company of HNR Finance, which holds the CT Energia Note) to an affiliate of CT Energy on October 7, 2016. 

25   

Table of Contents  

On each of June 21,  July 20, August 24,  and September 21, 2016, CT Energy loaned $2.0 million to the Company pursuant to the Additional Draw Note. These loans were secured by substantially all of the Company s assets, including equity in certain of Harvest s subsidiaries.  As described in   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , the Additional Draw Note was cancelled on October 7, 2017 upon the closing of the sale of all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy. 

Note 13     Discontinued Operations 

On October 7, 2016, the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, HNR Energia BV, completed the sale of all of HNR Energ  ia s 51% interest in Harvest Holding, to Delta Petroleum, pursuant to a share p  urchase agreement, dated June 29, 201  6    (the    Share Purchase Agreement   )  .    Harvest Holding owns, indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries, a 40% interest in Petrodelta  , thr  ough which all of the Company s interests in Venezuela were owned. Thus, under the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company sold all of its interests in Venezuela to Delta Petroleum and we do not have any continuing involvement in Venezuela.   See   Note 1     Organization -   Share Purchase Agreement   for further information. 

The Company s 51% interest in Harvest Holding   and the assets and liabilities   directly related to the sale   ha  ve   been reclassified to assets and li  abilities held for sale as follows: 

26   

Table of Contents  

Harvest Holding s effect on results of operation  s   and   other items directly related to discontinued operations   have been reported in discontinued operations   as follows: 

Note 14   Subsequent Events  

On October 7, 2016, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, HNR Energia, closed the sale of the Company s Venezuelan interests to an affiliate of CT Energy.  See   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement   for more information. 

On November 3, 2016, a one-for-four reverse split of the Company s common stock became effective.  See   Note   1       Organization   Reverse Stock Split     for more information.        All share and p  er share amounts in this report   have been reflected on a post-split basis   in these financial statements  . 

27   

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Management s     Discussion   and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. ( Harvest  or the  Company ) cautions that any forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) contained in this report or made by management of the Company involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various important factors. When used in this report, the words  budget ,  forecast ,  expect ,  believes ,  goals ,  projects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  estimates ,  should ,  could ,  assume  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, we caution you that important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements. These factors, among other factors, our ability, or our Board s decision, to keep our common stock listed on the New York Stock Exchange; the risk that our stockholders will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of our Venezuelan interests in the form of dividends; difficult global economic and commodity and capital markets conditions; changes in the legal and regulatory environment; political and economic risks associated with international operations; anticipated future development costs for undeveloped reserves; drilling risks; risk that actual results may vary considerably from reserve estimates; the dependence on the abilities and continued participation of our key employees; risks normally incident to the exploration, operation and development of oil and natural gas properties; permitting and drilling of oil and natural gas wells; availability of materials and supplies necessary to projects and operations; prices for oil and natural gas and related financial derivatives; changes in interest rates; our ability to acquire oil and natural gas properties that meet our objectives; availability and cost of drilling rigs and seismic crews; political stability; civil unrest; acts of terrorism; currency and exchange risks; currency controls; changes in existing or potential tariffs, duties or quotas; changes in taxes; changes in governmental policy; lack of liquidity; availability of sufficient financing; estimates of amounts and timing of sales of securities; changes in weather conditions; our ability to continue as a going concern; and other risks, including those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ), which includes certain definitions and a summary of significant accounting policies and should be read in connection with this report, and other public filings. 

Executive Summary 

Recent Developments 

E  ffective as of April 1, 2016, the Company and CT Energy     Holding SRL, a Barbados Society with Restricted Liability ( CT Energy )  , executed and delivered a second amendment (the "Second Amendment") to the 15% Note, dated June 19, 2015, as amended by the First   Amendment  , effective as of December 31, 2015, payable by Harvest to CT Energy in the principal amount of $26.1 million. The Second Amendment converted the $1.0 million interest payment that was due and payable on April 1, 2016 and converted such amount, less applicable withholding tax, into additional principal, such that the current principal amount of the 15% Note as of April 1, 2016, was $27.0 million.    

On December 2, 2015, the Company received notification from the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) that the Company was not in compliance with the NYSE's continued listing standards, which require a minimum average closing price of $1.00 per share over 30 consecutive trading days.    As required by the NYSE, in order to maintain its listing, Harvest notified the NYSE that it intended to cure the price deficiency.    On October 25, 2016, the Company announced that it would conduct a one-for-four reverse split of its issued and outstanding common stock.      The one-for-four reverse stock split became effective after the market closed on November 3, 2016, and the Company s common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis at market open on November 4, 2016.        Given the increase in the Company s common stock price (with a closing price of $4.45 per share as of November 4, 2016), the Company expects that it will regain compliance with the NYSE s minimum price listing standard on December 19, 2016. 

On April 25, 2016, the Company received a notice from the NYSE stating that the Company was not in compliance with a second NYSE continued listing requirement, which provides that a company is not in compliance if its average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period is less than $50 million and, at the same time, its stockholders  equity is less than $50 million.         The Company believes that the sale of its Venezuelan interests on October 7, 2016 ultimately will allow it to regain compliance   with   this listing standard by increasing its stockholders  equity.  However, the Company must demonstrate compliance for two consecutive financial quarters before the deficiency can be cured.    

E  ffective as of May 3, 2016, the Company and CT Energy, executed and delivered a third amendment (the "Third Amendment") to the 15%   Note  , dated June 19, 2015, as amended by the First Amendment, effective as of December 31, 2015, and the Second Amendment, effective as of April 1, 2016 payable by Harvest to CT Energy in the principal amount of $27.0 millio  n. The Third Amendment increased   the principal amount of the 15% Note to $30.0 million to reflect an additional loan of $3.0 million by CT Energy to Harvest and converted the $1.1 million interest payment that was due and payable on July 1, 2016, less applicable withholding tax, into additional principal, such that the current principal amount of the 15% Note as of July 1, 2016 was $30.9 million.    

28   

Table of Contents  

To fund Harvest s transaction expenses and operations until the closing under the Share Purchase Agreement   (as discussed in the following section)  , CT Energy loaned Harvest, under the Additional Draw Note, $2.0 million on each of June 21, 2016, July 20, 2016, August 24, 2016 and September 21, 2016 for a total outstanding balance of $8.0 million at September 30, 2016. 

Share Purchase Agreement 

On October 7, 2016, the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, HNR Energia BV ( HNR Energia ), completed the sale of all of HNR Energia s 51% interest in Harvest-Vinccler Dutch Holding B.V., a Netherlands company ( Harvest Holding  ), to Delta Petroleum N.V., a limited liability company organized under the laws of Curacao ( Delta Petroleum ), pursuant to a share purchase agreement, dated June 29, 2016 (the  Share Purchase Agreement ).  Harvest Holding owns, indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries, a 40% interest in Petrodelta, S.A., a mixed company organized under Venezuelan law (  Petrodelta  ), through which all of the Company s interests in Venezuela were owned.  Thus, under the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company sold all of its interests in Venezuela to Delta Petroleum.  Delta Petroleum is an affiliate of CT Energy, which assigned all of its rights and obligations under the Share Purchase Agreement to Delta Petroleum on September 26, 2016.  For more information about the sale of our interests in Venezuela, see   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 1   Share Purchase Agreement  . 

Operations 

Venezuela  

As described in   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , we sold all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy in a transaction that closed on October 7, 2017.  Prior to the sale, our 40 percent investment in Petrodelta was owned through our subsidiary, Harvest Holding, which was sold in the transaction.   We accounted for our investment in Petrodelta under the cost method as we did not exercise significant influence over the operations of Petrodelta.  Under the cost method we did not recognize any equity in earnings from our investment in Petrodelta in our results of operations, but would have recognize any cash dividends as income in the period they were received. 

We performed an impairment analysis of the carrying value of our investment of Petrodelta as of December 31, 2015 due to the continued decline in world oil prices and deteriorating economic conditions in Venezuela which have significantly impacted Petrodelta s operations.  During 2015, Petrodelta s operating costs exceeded the price realized from the sale of its production due to the significant rate of inflation in Venezuela and the restrictive foreign currency exchange system which Petrodelta is required to operate under.  Based on the economic environment in which Petrodelta was required to operate, we concluded that the estimated fair value of our investment in Petrodelta was nil and recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $164.7 million to fully impair our investment in Petrodelta as of December 31, 2015. The estimated fair value of our investment was determined based on the estimated fair value of Petrodelta s oil and natural gas properties and other net liabilities as of December 31, 2015 which exceeded the estimated fair value of the oil and natural gas properties. 

Dussafu Project     Gabon 

Following the October 7, 2016 sale of our interests in Venezuela, our interests in Gabon represent our primary tangible asset.     We have received two proposals for the purchase of our Gabon interests and are in discussions with both potential buyers; however, there can be no assurances that these discussions or either proposal will lead to a definitive transaction.   

We have a 66.667 percent ownership interest in the Dussafu PSC through two separate acquisitions, and we are the operator. The third exploration phase of the Dussafu PSC expired on May 27, 2016.  The expiration of the exploration phase has no effect on the discovered fields under the Exclusive Exploitation Authorization ( EEA ) as discussed below. All expenditure commitments on this exploration phase have been completed.       

On March 26, 2014, the joint venture partners approved a resolution that the discovered fields are commercial to exploit.  On June 4, 2014, a Declaration of Commerciality ( DOC ) was signed with Gabon pertaining to four discoveries on the Dussafu Project offshore Gabon.  Furthermore, on July 17, 2014, the Direction Generale Des Hydrocarbures ( DGH ) awarded an EEA for the development and exploitation of certain oil discoveries on the Dussafu Project and on October 10, 2014, the field development plan was approved.   The Company has four years from the date of the EEA approval to begin production.  In order to begin production by July 2018, the current project plan is to develop the area surrounding our Ruche well first, followed by the development of the other fields and drilling selected high quality exploration prospects identified on 3D seismic.   

Operational activities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , included continued evaluation of development plans, based on the 3D seismic data acquired in late 2013 and processed during 2014.   

Central/Inboard 3D seismic data acquired in 2011 has been processed and interpreted to evaluate prospectivity. We have also completed processing data from the 1,260 sq. km 3D seismic survey acquired during the fourth quarter of 2013. This survey provides 3D coverage over the outboard portion of the block and has confirmed significant pre-salt prospectivity which had been inferred from  

29   

Table of Contents  

2D seismic data. The new 3D seismic data also covers the Ruche, Tortue and Moubenga discoveries and we expect will facilitate the effective placement of future development wells in the Ruche and Tortue development program, as well as allowing improved assessment of the numerous undrilled structures already identified on older 3D seismic surveys.  

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we had cash capital expenditures of   $0.1   million for a site survey (  $0.4   million for facility design costs during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015 

Since approval of the Field Development Plan ( FDP ) in October 2014, Harvest has continued the development of the Ruche Exclusive Exploitation Area. A tender for all necessary subsea equipment was concluded in January 2015 where prices exceeded the costs employed in the FDP. We continue to negotiate with the lowest priced vendors and continue to revise the development scheme to bring the projected cost back to the FDP levels. The depth volume from the 2013 3D seismic acquisition over the discovered fields and the outboard area of the license was received and interpreted. This data was incorporated into our reservoir models and optimization of well trajectories to maximize oil recovery continues. In addition, the prospect inventory was updated and several prospects have been high graded for drilling. To accommodate the drilling schedule, a site survey, including bathymetry and geophysical data gathering with respect to prospects A/B, 6/7 and 8/9, was completed in August 2015. A tender for a drilling rig   and services were completed in March 2016. 

Harvest and its joint venture partner engaged a third-party contractor to undertake a fixed-price, geophysical site survey over multiple potential well locations in the Dussafu block in August 2015.  The survey was a pre-requisite for siting mobile drilling units and other installations required for continuing exploration and development activities over the license.  The survey provided information regarding the seabed and shallow geological conditions, which is essential for safe siting and operation of these installations. 

In September 2016, the Company assessed the need for impairment related to the unproved properties of the Dussafu PSC.  The primary factors considered were the current bids received for the project which substantiated the carrying value at September 30, 2016.  Other factors considered were price forecasts, drilling costs and the remaining time on the EEA; none of which currently indicated a need for impairment.  Based on our September 2016 review, it is the opinion of the Company that no impairment is needed for the Dussafu prospect for the three months ending September 30, 2016. 

In September 2016, the Company conducted an inventory analysis and based on the condition of the equipment  ,   we lowered the value   of inventory   by $1.3     million   leaving a balance of $1.6 million in oilfield inventory. 

Results of Operations 

The following discussion on results of operations for the three and six months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated condensed financial statements and related notes thereto. 

Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 

We reported a net loss attributable to Harvest of $  7.1   million, or $  0.55   per   basic and diluted     loss per   share,   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compa  red with a net income   attributable to Harvest   of $  5.7   million, or $  0.52     per basic and diluted   earnings   per     share,   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 

(Income) Loss From Continuing Operations 

Expenses and other non-operating (income) expense from continuing operations were: 

Our a  ccounting method for oil and   natural   gas properties is the successful efforts method. During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred   $0.4   million of exploration costs for the processing and reprocessing of seismic data related to  

30   

Table of Contents  

ongoing operations in Gabon and $  0.2   million related to other general business development activities.   During the   September 30, 2015  , we incurred   $0.7   million of exploration costs for the processing and reprocessing of seismic data related to ongoing operations in Gabon and   $0.1   million related to other general business development activities. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred $1.3 million of   impairment expense   for the oilfield inventory related to the Dussafu PSC  .  During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred $0.5 million of impairment expense for the oilfield inventory related to the Dussafu PSC.   

The decrease in general and administrative costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   were   primarily due to lo  wer employee   related costs ($0.5   million)  ,     general business and overhead ($0.1 million)   professional fees and contract services ($0.4 million) and public relations ($0.1 million)  .  Employee   related   costs were lower between periods primarily due to   lower salaries driven by lower employee head count ($0.2 million),   lower stock options and   restricted stock   expense ($0.1 million)  ,    certain stock-based compensation expense impacted by the change in the Company s stock price   ($0.1 million) and   other compensation for directors  fees   ($0.1 million)  . Contract services were lower primarily related to lower   legal and accounting professional fees   incurred for general corporate legal expense. 

We incurred $1  .8 million of transaction costs associated with the Share Purchase Agreement with CT Energy for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  See   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement     for further information.         

The increase in non-operating income of $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to the reduction of estimated final settlement costs associated to prior financings. 

We had   no   income tax   expense   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to an income tax   benefit   of $  1.9   million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The benefit during the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to a reduction in the valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax assets and a decrease in the deferred tax liability associated with the Company s undistributed earnings from its foreign subsidiaries.    In the fourth quarter of 2014, we reinstated a valuation allowance against the Company s U.S. deferred tax assets as we determined that we would not have sufficient taxable income in the U.S. after the termination of the sale of the remaining equity interest in Harvest Holding.  We have not recognized a tax benefit on the Company s losses arising during the three months ended September 30, 2016  .   

Net   Loss   Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests    

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $  0.2   million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of $  0.3   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The net losses attributable to noncontrolling interests during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015 were related to operations at Harvest Vinccler as they   provided oversight of the   investment in Petrodelta.   

Discontinued Operations 

On October 7, 2016, the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, HNR Energia BV, completed the sale of all of HNR Energ  ia s 51% interest in Harvest Holding, to Delta Petroleum, pursuant to   the   June 29, 201  6 Share Purchase Agreement.   Harvest Holding owns, indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries, a 40% interest in Petrodelta  , thr  ough which all of the Company s interests in Venezuela were owned. Thus, under the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company sold all of its interests in Venezuela to Delta Petroleum and we do not have any continuing involvement of our interest in Venezuela. See   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 1   Share Purchase Agreement   for further information. 

31   

Table of Contents  

Harvest Holding s effect on   re  sults of operation   and the effect of the change in fair value of the CT Warrant and embedded derivative asset and liabilities have   been reported in discontinued operations  .       Expenses and other non-operating income (expense) were   as follows: 

The change in fair value of warrant liabilities of $  1  .  5   million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, is primarily related to the change in our stock price.    The $10.0 million gain in 2015 was driven by a 26% increase in stock price; whereas, the $  1  .  5   million gain in 2016 was driven by only a 4% increase in stock price.       See   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 9   Warrant Derivative Liability   for further information. 

The change in fair value of embedded derivative assets of $  0  .  7   million is directly related to the assumptions surrounding the commencement of the interest rate reset features in both the 15%   Note   and the Additional Draw Notes.  The interest rate reset features both lowers the interest rate and extends the due date of the 15%   Note   and the Additional Draw Notes.  At September 30, 2016, the probability of the interest rate reset feature dat  e being delayed was lowered to 1  0% and the value of the embedded derivative asset related to th  e Additional Draw Note was included  .  Both of these changes increased the value of the embedded derivative assets for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  See   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 8   Debt and Financing   for further information. 

The increase in interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to higher outstanding debt balances and accretion of debt discount.   

The $1.9 million loss on debt conversion during the three months ended September 30, 2015 was the result of the difference between the September 14, 2015 fair value of the 9.0% convertible note with embedded derivative liability of $11.1 million, plus the accrued interest and amortized debt discount of $0.2 million less the fair value of the   8  ,66  7  ,  597   shares   (approximately 2,166,900 shares taking into account the November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split)   issued upon conversion at September 15, 2015. 

Nine Months Ended September   30, 2016 and 2015 

We reported a net loss attributable to Harvest of   $34.1   million, or   $2.65   per     basic and   diluted   loss   per share, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with a net loss attributable to Harvest of   $25.3   million, or   $2.35   per     basic and   diluted   loss   per share, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

32   

Table of Contents  

Loss From Continuing Operations 

Expenses and other non-operating (income) expense from continuing operations were: 

Our accounting method for oil and gas properties is the successful efforts method. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred   $1.2   million of exploration costs for the processing and reprocessing of seismic data related to ongoing operations in Gabon and $  0.5   million related to other general business development activities. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we incurred   $3.0   million of exploration costs for the processing and reprocessing of seismic data related to ongoing operations in Gabon and   $0.3   million related to other general business development activities. 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred $  1.5   million of impairment expense for the oilfield inventory related to the Dussafu PSC.   During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred $0.5 million of impairment expense for the oilfield inventory related to the Dussafu PSC. 

The decrease   in general and administrative costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily due to   lower professional   fees and contract services ($0.5   million)  ,    public relations and travel ($0.1 million)     offset by     hig  her employee related costs ($0.1   million)  .    Contract services were lower primarily related to lower legal     incurred for general corporate legal expense   and accounting professional   fees  .        Employee   related costs were higher   between periods primarily due to   higher   certain stock-based compensation expense impacted by the change in the Company s stock price   ($0.2 million), stock options stock expense ($0.1 million) and vacation expense accrual ($0.  1   million) offset by lower salaries driven by lower employee head count ($0.  3   million)  .   

We incurred $  3  .4   million of transaction costs associated with the Share Purchase Agre  ement with CT Energy for the nine months ended September   30, 2016.  See   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement     for further information.   

The increase in non-operating income of $0.  4   million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to the reduction of estimated final settlement costs associated to prior financings. 

We had   no   income tax expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to an income tax expense of   $0.7   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .    T  he benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to a reduction in the valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax assets offset by an increase in the deferred tax liability associated with the Company s undistributed earnings from its foreign subsidiaries.  In the fourth quarter of 2014, we reinstated a valuation allowance against the Company s U.S. deferred tax assets as we determined that we would not have sufficient taxable income in the U.S. after the termination of the sale of the remaining equity interest in Harvest Holding.  We have not recognized a tax benefit on the Company s losses arising during the nine months ended September 30, 201  6  . 

Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests  

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $  3.3   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of $  0.9   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The net losses attributable to noncontrolling interests during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   were related to   the   operations at Harvest  

33   

Table of Contents  

Vinccler as they   provided   oversight of   the   investment in Petrodelta.  The net loss during 2016 was primarily due to the   49% interest in the   $5.2 million allowance to fully reserve   the CT Energia Note  . 

Discontinued Operations 

Harvest Holding s results of operation has been reported in discontinued operations  .  Expenses and other non-operating income (expense) were   as follows: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a $5.2 million allowance to fully reserve the CT Energia Note due to concerns related to the continued deteriorating economic conditions in Venezuela and our assessment relating to the probability that the CT Energia Note will be collected. 

The change in fair va  lue of warrant liabilities of $9  .4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is primarily related to the change in our stock price.    The $12.4 million gain in 2015 was driven by a 200% increase in stock price   during the nine months ended September 30, 2015  ; whereas, the $9  .4 million gain in 2016 was driven by only a 35% increase in stock price   during the nine months ended September 30, 2016  .    See   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 9   Warrant Derivative Liability   for further information. 

The change in fair value of   embedded derivative assets of 2  .4 million is directly related to the assumptions surrounding the commencement of the interest rate reset features in both the 15%   Note   and the Additional Draw Notes.  The interest rate reset features both lowers the interest rate and extends the due date of the 15%   Note   and the Additional Draw Notes.  At September 30, 2016, the probability of the interest rate reset feature dat  e being delayed was lowered to 1  0% and the value of the embedded derivative asset related t  o the Additional Draw Note was included  .  Both of these changes increased the value of the embedded derivative assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  See   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 8   Debt and Financing   for further information. 

The increase in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to higher outstanding debt balances and accretion of debt discount during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   

The $1.9 million loss on debt conversion was the result of the difference between the September 14, 2015 fair value of the 9.0% convertible note with embedded derivative liability of $11.1 million, plus the accrued interest and amortized debt discount of $0.2 million less the fair value of the 8,667,597 shares   (approximately 2,166,900 shares taking into account the November 3, 2016   one-for-four   reverse stock split)     issued upon conversion at September 15, 2015. 

As discussed in   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 1   Organization   Securities Purchase Agreement  , on June 19, 2015, we issued the 15% Note,  the 9% Note, the CT Warrant and   the   Additional Draw Note in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement with CT Energy and received proceeds of $30.6 million, net of financing fees of $1.6 million.  We identified embedded derivative asset and liabilities in the notes and determined that the warrant did not meet the required conditions to qualify for equity classification and is required to be classified as a warrant liability (see   Note 11   Warrant Derivative Liabilities  ).  The estimated fair value, at issuance, of the embedded derivative asset was $2.5 million, the embedded derivative liability was $13.5 million and the warrant was $40.0 million.  In accordance with   ASC 815  , the fair value of the financial instruments was first allocated to the embedded derivatives and warrants, the 9%   Note   and 15%   N  ote. As a result of the allocation we recognized a loss on the issuance of these securities of $20.4 million in our consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive   income (  loss  )   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

34   

Table of Contents  

Risks, Uncertainties, Capital Resources and Liquidity 

The following discussion on risks, uncertainties, capital resources and liquidity should be read in conjunction with our consolidated condensed financial statements and related notes thereto. 

Liquidity 

W  e expect the net proceeds from the sale of our Venezuelan interests will be adequate to meet our short-term liquidity requirements.   

Our primary tangible asset is our oil and gas interests in Gabon.  We have received two proposals for the purchase of our Gabon interests and are in discussions with both potential buyers; however, there can be no assurances that these discussions or either proposal will lead to a definitive transaction.  We currently are evaluating the possible sale of our Gabon interests, distributions of cash to our stockholders, and possible dissolution of the Company.       

Other than the proceeds from the sale of our Venezuelan interests, our primary ongoing sources of cash are issuances of debt and the sale of oil and natural gas properties in Gabon.  Our primary use of cash has been to fund oil and natural gas exploration projects, principal payments on debt, interest payments, and general and administrative costs. We require capital principally to fund the exploration and development of new oil and natural gas properties. We have various contractual commitments pertaining to exploration, development and production activities.  See   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements,   Note 10   Commitments and Contingencies   for a description of our contractual commitments. 

On January 4, April 1, and May 3, 2016, Harvest entered into first, second and third amendments, respectively, to the 15% Note.  Each amendment eliminated an interest payment and increased the principal amount of the 15% Note by the amount of the eliminated interest payment, less applicable withholding tax of $0.1 million for January 4 and April 1. Additionally, the third amendment also increased the principal amount of the 15% Note by $3.0 million in connection with additional funds received from CT Energy.  After taking into account the third amendment, the outstanding principal amount of the 15% Note was $30.9 million effective as of July 1, 2016.  As described in   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , the 15% Note was cancelled on October 7, 2017 upon the closing of the sale of all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy. 

CT Energy loaned the Company $2.0 million on each of June 21, 2016, July 20, 2016, August 24, 2016 and September 21, 2016 under the Additional Draw Note, which the Company originally sold to CT Energy under the Securities Purchase Agreement. Amounts outstanding under the Additional Draw Note were secured by substantially all of Harvest s assets, including equity in certain of Harvest s subsidiaries, as further described in the security agreement that was executed in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement.  As described in   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements, Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , the Additional Draw Note was cancelled on October 7, 2017 upon the closing of the sale of all of our interests in Venezuela to an affiliate of CT Energy. 

On December 2, 2015, the Company received notification from the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) that the Company was not in compliance with the NYSE's continued listing standards, which require a minimum average closing price of $1.00 per share over 30 consecutive trading days.    As required by the NYSE, in order to maintain its listing, Harvest notified the NYSE that it intended to cure the price deficiency.    On October 25, 2016, the Company announced that it would conduct a one-for-four reverse split of its issued and outstanding common stock.  The one-for-four reverse stock split became effective after the market closed on November 3, 2016, and the Company s common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis at market open on November 4, 2016.   Given the increase in the Company s common stock price (with a closing price of $4.45 per share as of November 4, 2016), the Company expects that it will regain compliance with the NYSE s minimum price listing standard on December 19, 2016. 

On April 25, 2016, the Company received a notice from the NYSE stating that the Company was not in compliance with a second NYSE continued listing requirement, which provides that a company is not in compliance if its average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period is less than $50 million and, at the same time, its stockholders  equity is less than $50 million.        The Company believes that the sale of its Venezuelan interests on October 7, 2016 ultimately will allow it to regain compliance with this listing standard by increasing its stockholders  equity.  However, the Company must demonstrate compliance for two consecutive financial quarters before the deficiency can be cured.       

Upon the October 7, 2016 closing of the sale of the Company s 51 percent interest in Harvest Holding, the Company received, among other consideration, $69.4 million in net cash proceeds and a $12.0 million note payable from Delta Petroleum, due six months after closing.   A portion of the proceeds from the sale have been and will be used to fund costs associated with either the sale or development of the Company s Gabonese prospect, to pay certain severance costs, to fund capital expenditures, to pay tax obligations related to the sale, to fund any potential future dividends declared and to maintain ongoing general operating and administrative  

35   

Table of Contents  

expenses.  We expect the net proceeds from the sale after the discussed expenditures to be adequate to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. 

Accumulated Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries 

Under Accounting Standards Codification 740-30-25-17, no deferred tax liability should be recorded if sufficient evidence shows that the subsidiary has invested or will invest these undistributed earnings or that these earnings will be remitted in a tax-free manner. Management must consider numerous factors in determining timing and amounts of possible future distribution of these earnings to the parent company and whether a U.S. deferred tax liability should be recorded for these earnings. These factors include the future operating and capital requirements of both the parent company and the subsidiaries, remittance restrictions imposed by foreign governments or financial agreements, and tax consequences of the remittance, including possible application of U.S. foreign tax credits and limitations on foreign tax credits that may be imposed by the Internal Revenue Code and regulations. 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the book-tax outside basis difference in our foreign subsidiary resulting from unremitted earnings was zero due to the pre-tax impairment of the Company s remaining investment in Petrodelta of $164.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2015.  Consequently, the Company has not recorded a deferred tax liability associated with these foreign earnings.   

Working   Capital   and Cash Flows 

The net funds raised or used in each of the operating, investing and financing activities are summarized in the following table and discussed in further detail below:  

Working Capital 

The decrease in working capita  l of   $33.3   mi  llion between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to   $2  1  .4 million net impact of assets and liabilities held for sale,   cash used to fund our loss from operations  , and   capital expenditures offset by the receipt of $1.7 million Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) income tax receiv  able accrued in prior periods.    The embedde  d derivative asset   ($10.6 million), which prior to the October 7, 2016 closing of the sale of our interest in Venezuela, had been classi  fied as a non-current asset was   reclassified to current in assets held for sale.  The 15% Note, Additional Draw Notes and CT Warrant ($17.8 million and $14.9 million, respectively), which prior to the October 7, 2016 closing of the sale of our interest in Venezuela, had been classified as long-term liabilities were reclassified   to current in liabilities   held for sale. 

Cash Flow from   Continuing   Operating Activities 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net cash used in operating activities was approximately   $9.2   million ($  15.1   million during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  ). The   $5.9   million dec  rease in use   of cash was primarily due to de  crease in   accounts rece  ivable offset by an increase   in accrued expense. The $1.7 million IRS income tax refund was received in February 2016. We paid no cash for interest expense during 2016 ($0.  6   million during 2015).   Cash Flow from   Continuing   Investing Activities 

36   

Table of Contents  

Our cash capital expenditures for property and equipment are summarized in the following table: 

Our only investing activities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   were capital expenditures. 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities in Discontinued Operations 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in operating activities was approximately $2.4 million ($2.  7   million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015). The $0.  3   million dec  rease in use   of cash was primarily due to   interest payments of $0.6 million in 2016 offset by   increase in net loss from discontinued operations  .    

Cash Flow from Investing Activities in Discontinued Operations 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we: 

Incurred $45 thousand for other administrative property   capital expenditures  ;     

Reclassified $5.0 million in cash to assets held for sale.     

During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we: 

Incurred $8 thousand for other administrative property;     

Reclassified $0.  3   million in cash to assets held for sale.     

Cash Flow from Financing Activities in Discontinued Operations 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we: 

Received $11.0 million in proceeds from the 15% Note and Additional Draw Note.     

Received $1.2 million in contributions from noncontrolling interest owners.        

During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we: 

Repaid $7.6 million of our note payable to Petroandina and repaid $1.3 million of our note payable to CT Energy;     

Received $33.5 million in proceeds from issuance of debt;     

Incurred $1.6 million in legal and other fees associated with the CT Energy financing.     

Received $0.5 million in contributions from noncontrolling interest owners.     

E  ffects of Changing Prices, Foreign Exchange Rates and Inflation 

Our results of operations and cash flow are affected by changing oil prices. Fluctuations in oil prices may affect our total planned development activities and capital expenditure program. 

Harvest Vinccler s functional and reporting curren  cy was the U.S. Dollar. They did   not have currency exchange risk other than the official prevailing exchange rate that applies to their operating costs denominated in Venezuela Bolivars ( Bolivars ).  

Within the United States and other countries in which we conduct business, inflation has had a minimal effect on us, but it is an important factor with respect to certain aspects of the results of operations in Venezuela. The inflation rate in Venezuela for the year ended December 31, 2015 was   180.9   percent. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

On January 4, 2016, HNR Finance B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvest Holding ( HNR Finance ), provided a loan to CT Energia in the amount of $5.2 million under an 11.0% promissory note due 2019 (the  CT Energia Note ).  The purpose of the loan was to provide CT Energia with collateral to obtain funds for one or more loans to Petrodelta, which is 40% owned by HNR Finance.  HNR Finance s sole recourse for payment of the principal amount of the loan is the payments of principal and interest from loans that CT Energia has made to Petrodelta.  The source of funds for HNR Finance s $5.2 million loan to CT Energia was a capital contribution from Harvest Holding, which, in return, received the same aggregate amount of capital contributions from its  

37   

Table of Contents  

shareholders, pro rata according to their equity interests in Harvest Holding. Of that aggregate amount of capital contributions, HNR Energia contributed $2.6 million, which was a capital contribution from Harvest.  During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we recorded a $5.2 million allowance to fully reserve the CT Energia Note due to concerns related to the continued deteriorating economic conditions in Venezuela and our assessment relating to the probability that the CT Energia Note will be collected.  As of September 30, 2016, the CT Energia Note remained fully reserved and we had not accrued any interest with respect to this note receivable.  As described under   Part I   Financial Information, Item 1   Financial Statements,   Note 1   Organization   Share Purchase Agreement  , the Company sold its 40% interest in Harvest Holding (the parent company of HNR Finance, which holds the CT Energia Note) to an affiliate of CT Energy on October 7, 2016. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and     Qualitative   Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are exposed to market risk from adverse fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices and foreign currency exchange,   as discussed in our 2015 Form 10-K. Our outlook with regards to market risk for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   does not differ materially from that discussed in the 2015 Form 10-K. 

Item 4.     Controls and     Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  

We have established disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that the disclosure requirement in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Security and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and effectively communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management of the Company, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on their evaluation as of   September 30, 2016  , our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at such time. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II.     OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.     Legal Proceedings   

See   Part I  Financial Information, Item 1- Financial Statements, Note 10   Commitments and Contingencies   for a description of certain legal proceedings, including material developments in such legal proceedings. 

Item 1A.      Risk   Factors 

W  e face a number of significant risks and uncertainties in our business, which are detailed in the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as summarized in this report under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   These risks and uncertainties may affect our current position and future prospects and should be considered carefully in evaluating us and an investment in our common stock  .  When reviewing   the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, please take into consideration that we sold all of our Venezuelan interests and terminated our relationship with CT Energy on October 7, 2016. 

In addition to the risks and uncertainties referenced in the preceding paragraph, the following factors should be carefully considered when evaluating us: 

There is no guarantee that you will receive any of the net cash proceeds from the sale of our Venezuelan interests in the form of dividends. 

The purchase price f  r  om   the sale of our interests in Venezuela was paid directly to us. The use of the net proceeds from the sale (after the payment of expenses related to the sale (including taxes) for operating costs and contingent liabilities) remains at the discretion of our Board and will be based on the Board s determination of what is in the best interests of Harvest and its stockholders  

38   

Table of Contents  

at the time of determination. Our Board could decide that we should use all or a significant portion of the net cash proceeds from the sale for purposes other than to pay dividends to stockholders, including continuing our business. 

We cannot assure you that our common stock will continue to meet NYSE continued listing standards. 

We previously received a notice from the NYSE stating that the Company is not in compliance with an NYSE continued listing requirement, which provides that a company is not in compliance if its average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period is less than $50 million and, at the same time, its stockholders  equity is less than $50 million.  We believe that the sale of our Venezuelan interests on October 7, 2016 ultimately will allow us to regain compliance with this listing standard by increasing stockholders  equity.  However, we must demonstrate compliance for two consecutive financial quarters before the deficiency can be cured, and there can be no assurance that this will occur. 

After the October 7, 2016 sale of our Venezuelan interests, our assets consist of cash and our interests in Gabon. The NYSE s continued listing requirements provide that a listed company s securities can be delisted if the company s operating assets have been substantially reduced. While we currently intend to take all necessary actions to cause our common stock to continue to be listed on the NYSE, the NYSE may nevertheless seek to delist our common stock based on our asset base. We expect that any determination by the NYSE will be influenced by our strategy going forward, including the continued operation of our Gabon interests, a matter that remains subject to our Board s discretion.  

The delisting of our common stock from the NYSE under either of the listing standards referenced above would adversely impact liquidity of our common stock and could damage the trading price of our common stock. 

There can be no assurance that we will decide to sell, or be able to sell, our interests in Gabon. 

Our primary tangible asset is our oil and gas interests in Gabon.  We have received two proposals for the purchase of our Gabon interests and are in discussions with both potential buyers.  However, there can be no assurances that these discussions or either proposal will lead to a definitive transaction. 

Item     6.     Exhibits  

(a) 
			 Exhibits     

39   

Table of Contents  

* Filed herewith. 

**Furnished herewith. 

40   

Table of Contents  

SIGN    ATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. 

Dated: November   10,   2016  

By:  

/s/ James A. Edmiston  

James A. Edmiston  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Dated: November   10,   2016  

By:  

/s/ Stephen C. Haynes  

Stephen C. Haynes  

Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

41   

Table of Contents  

42   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 c289-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

EXHIBIT 31.1 

I, James A. Edmiston, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q   /A   of Harvest Natural Resources, Inc.;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November   10  , 2016 

By:  

/s/James A. Edmiston  

James A. Edmiston  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 c289-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

EXHIBIT 31.2 

I, Stephen C. Haynes, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q   /A   of Harvest Natural Resources, Inc.;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  November    10  , 2016 

By:  

/s/ Stephen C. Haynes  

Stephen C. Haynes  

Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer  

and Treasurer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 c289-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Accompanying Certificate 

Pursuant to Rule 13a   14(b) or Rule 15d   14(b) 

and 18 U.S.C Section 1350 

Not Filed Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

The undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. (the  Company ) does hereby certify as follows: 

This report on Form 10-Q   /A   of Harvest Natural Resources  , Inc  . for the period ended September    3  0  , 2016   and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:    November    10  , 2016  

By:  

/s/James A. Edmiston  

James A. Edmiston  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 c289-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Accompanying Certificate 

Pursuant to Rule 13a   14 (b) or Rule 15d   14(b) 

and 18 U.S.C Section 1350    

Not Filed Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

The undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. (the  Company ) does hereby certify as follows: 

This report on Form 10-Q   /A   of Harvest Natural Resources  , Inc  . for the period   ended September   30  , 2016   and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:    November   10  , 2016  

By:  

/s/ Stephen C. Haynes  

Stephen C. Haynes  

Vice President   Finance, Chief Financial Officer  

and Treasurer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 c289-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 c289-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 c289-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 c289-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 c289-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 c289-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

