<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_863436_0000863436-16-000064_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6715095</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82537</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>298337</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2118862</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2745258</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>981493</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000863436-16-000064.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108153416
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000863436-16-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000863436
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS [3672]
		IRS NUMBER:				742211011
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10560
		FILM NUMBER:		161981140

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		CITY:			ANGLETON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77515
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9798496550

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 TECHNOLOGY DR
		CITY:			ANGLETON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77515

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000863436-16-000064.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington, D.C. 20549   

   _______________   

FORM 10 Q   

   _______________   

X        QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

   For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016   

__       TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

   For the transition period from
_________________ to________________   

Commission File Number: 1 10560   

BENCHMARK
ELECTRONICS, INC.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)  

(979)
849 6550   

  (Registrant     s
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes [         ] No [ ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on
its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes [         ] No [ ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b 2 of the Act.  

Large
  accelerated filer [     ]   

Accelerated
  filer [   ]  

Non-accelerated
  filer [   ]   (Do
  not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller
  reporting company [   ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b 2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [         ]   

As of November 7,   2016  ,   
there were 48,878,788 shares of Common Stock of Benchmark Electronics, Inc.,
par value $0.10 per share, outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS    

PART I   

Page  

PART I FINANCIAL
  INFORMATION   

Item 1.   

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   

1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
  Income   

2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
  Comprehensive Income   

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of
  Shareholders  Equity   

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
  Cash Flows   

5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6  

Item 2.   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Condition and   

21  

Results of Operations   

Item 3.   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
  Risk   

28  

Item 4.   

Controls and Procedures   

29  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   

Legal Proceedings   

30  

Item 1A.   

Risk Factors   

30  

Item 2.   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
  Proceeds   

30  

Item 6.   

Exhibits   

31  

SIGNATURES   

32  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.                            Financial
Statements.         

BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS,
  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Condensed Consolidated
  Balance Sheets     

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.   

   1   

BENCHMARK
  ELECTRONICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
  Income     

(unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.   

   2   

BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Condensed Consolidated
  Statements of Comprehensive Income     

(unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.   

   3   

BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Condensed Consolidated
  Statement of Shareholders  Equity     

(unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.   

   4   

BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Condensed Consolidated
  Statements of Cash Flows     

(unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.   

   5   

BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES    

      Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements      

    (amounts in
thousands,         except per share data, unless otherwise noted)    

    (unaudited)    

Note
1   Basis of Presentation    

   Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (the Company) is a Texas corporation
that provides worldwide integrated electronic manufacturing services (EMS),
engineering and design services, and precision machine services. The Company
provides services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of industrial
control equipment (including equipment for the aerospace and defense industries),
telecommunication equipment, computers and related products for business
enterprises, medical devices, and testing and instrumentation products. The
Company has manufacturing operations located in the United States and Mexico
(the Americas), Asia and Europe.   

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included
herein have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). The financial statements
reflect all normal and recurring adjustments necessary in the opinion of
management for a fair presentation of the financial position, results of
operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. The results of
operations for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the
results to be expected for the full year. The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and notes included in the Company s annual report on Form 10 K
for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the 2015 10-K).   

Management has made a number of estimates and assumptions relating
to the reporting of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities to prepare these financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP).
Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.   

Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts have been made
to conform to the current period presentation. In the quarter ending September
30, 2016, the Company concluded that it was appropriate to classify amounts
relating to the amortization of intangible assets separately. Previously, the
Company had reported these amounts under the captions  cost of sales  and
 selling, general and administrative expenses . These reclassifications had no
effect on previously reported net income.     

Note 2 Acquisition    

   On November 12, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding
common stock of     Secure Communication Systems, Inc. and
its subsidiaries  
(collectively referred to as Secure Technology or Secure)   (the Secure Acquisition)
for a purchase price of $219.8 million, as adjusted in accordance with the
acquisition agreement. Secure Technology is a leading provider of customized
high-performance electronics, sub-systems, and component solutions for mission
critical applications. The transaction was financed with borrowings under the
Company s term loan facility.   

The
allocation of the Secure Acquisition s net purchase     price
resulted in $145.6 million of goodwill. The final allocation of the purchase
price, which the Company completed in September 2016, reflects a $10.8 million
purchase price adjustment received during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.
The Secure Acquisition deepened Benchmark s engineering capabilities and
enhanced its ability to serve customers in highly regulated industrial markets,
including aerospace and defense. The goodwill recognized in connection with the
acquisition represents the future economic benefit arising from assets acquired
that could not be individually identified and separately recognized and is
attributable to the general reputation, acquisition synergies and expected
future cash flows of the acquisition, as well as the nature of Secure s
products and services and its competitive position in the marketplace.   

6             

The purchase price paid for
Secure has been allocated as follows (in thousands):         

The following summary pro
forma condensed consolidated financial information reflects the Secure
Acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2015 for purposes of the statements
of income. This summary pro forma information is not necessarily representative
of what the Company s results of operations would have been had this
acquisition in fact occurred on January 1, and is not intended to project the
Company s results of operations for any future period.   

Pro
forma condensed consolidated financial information for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 (unaudited) (in thousands):         

Note 3   Stock-Based
Compensation    

   The Company s 2010 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2010
Plan) authorizes, the Company, upon approval of the compensation committee of
the Board of Directors, to grant a variety of awards, including stock options,
restricted shares and restricted stock units (both time-based and
performance-based) and other forms of equity awards, or any combination
thereof, to any director, officer, employee or consultant (including any
prospective director, officer, employee or consultant) of the Company. Stock
options are granted to employees with an exercise price equal to the market
price of the Company s common shares on the date of grant, generally vest over
a four-year period from the date of grant and have a term of 10 years. Time-based
restricted shares and restricted stock units granted to employees generally
vest over a four-year period from the date of grant, subject to the continued
employment of the employee by the Company. Performance-based restricted stock
unit awards generally vest over a three-year       

7             

performance
cycle, which includes the year of the grant, and are based upon the Company s
achievement of specified performance metrics. Awards under the 2010 Plan to
non-employee directors have been in the form of restricted stock units, which
vest in equal quarterly installments over a one-year period, starting on the
grant date.   

As of September 30, 2016  ,
3.9   million additional common shares were available for issuance
under the Company s 2010 Plan.   

All share-based payments to employees, including grants of
employee stock options, are recognized in the financial statements based on
their grant date fair values. The total compensation cost recognized for
stock-based awards was $0.3 million and $4.3 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $2.0 million and $6.0
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.
The total income tax benefit recognized in the condensed income statements for
stock-based awards was $0.1 million and $1.5 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.8 million and $2.4
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The
compensation expense for stock-based awards includes an estimate for
forfeitures and is recognized over the vesting period of the awards using the
straight-line method. Cash flows from the tax benefits resulting from tax
deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for stock-based awards
(excess tax benefits) are classified as cash flows from financing activities.
Awards of restricted shares, restricted stock units, and performance-based
restricted stock units are valued at the closing market price of the Company s common
shares on the date of grant. For performance-based restricted stock units,
compensation expense is based on the probability that the performance goals
will be achieved, which is monitored by management throughout the requisite
service period. When it becomes probable, based on the Company s expectation of
performance during the measurement period, that more or less than the previous
estimate of the awarded shares will vest, an adjustment to stock-based
compensation expense is recognized as a change in accounting estimate.   

As of September 30, 2016,
the unrecognized compensation cost and remaining weighted-average amortization
related to stock-based awards were as follows:         

Performance-   

based   

Restricted   

Restricted   

Stock   

Stock   

Stock   

(in thousands)   

Options   

Units    

Units (1)    

Unrecognized compensation cost  

$  2,183   

$  8,344   

$  2,821   

Remaining weighted-average   

amortization period  

1.3 years  

2.4 years  

2.0 years  

(1)    Based on the probable achievement of the performance goals
  identified in each award.  

8             

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.   The weighted-average fair value per
option granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $8.76,
respectively. No options were granted during the nine months ended September
30, 2016.   The weighted-average
assumptions used to value the options granted during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 were as follows (in thousands):         

The expected term of the options represents the estimated period
of time until exercise and is based on historical experience, giving
consideration to the contractual terms, vesting schedules and expectations of
future plan participant behavior. Separate groups of plan participants that
have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for
valuation purposes. Expected stock price volatility is based on the historical
volatility of the Company s common shares. The risk-free interest rate is based
on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon rates in effect at the time of grant with an
equivalent remaining term. The dividend yield reflects that the Company has not
paid any cash dividends since inception and does not anticipate paying cash
dividends in the foreseeable future.   

The total cash received by the Company as a result of stock option
exercises for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately
$5.5 million and $1.7 million, respectively. The actual tax benefit realized as
a result of stock option exercises and the vesting of other share-based awards
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.6 million and $2.0
million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was $2.2 million and $0.5
million, respectively.     

The Company awarded performance-based restricted stock units to
employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The number
of performance-based restricted stock units that will ultimately be earned will
not be determined until the end of the corresponding performance periods, and
may vary from as low as zero to as high as three times the target number
depending on the level of achievement of certain performance goals. The level
of achievement of these goals is based upon the audited financial results of
the Company for the last full calendar year within the performance period. The
performance goals consist of certain levels of achievement using the following
financial metrics: revenue growth, operating margin expansion, and return on
invested capital. If the performance goals are not met based on the Company s
financial results, the applicable performance-based restricted stock units will
not vest and will be forfeited. Shares subject to forfeited performance-based
restricted stock units will be available for issuance under the 2010 Plan.   

9             

The following table summarizes activities
relating to the Company s stock options:         

The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above is before income taxes and is
calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying
options and the Company s closing stock price as of the last business day of
the period ended September 30, 2016 for options that had exercise prices that
were below the closing price.   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s remaining
outstanding restricted shares at December 31, 2015 vested and the Company has
no restricted shares outstanding. Restricted stock units, time-based and
performance-based, remain outstanding as detailed below.     

The following table
summarizes the activities related to the Company s time-based restricted stock
units:       

The following table
summarizes the activities related to the Company s performance-based restricted
stock units:       

(1)       Represents
target number of units that can vest based on the achievement of the performance
goals.       

10             

Note 4   Earnings Per Share    

   Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average
number of shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the
weighted-average number of shares outstanding adjusted for the incremental
shares attributed to outstanding stock equivalents. Stock equivalents include
common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and other equity
instruments, and are computed using the treasury stock method. Under the
treasury stock method, the exercise price of a share, the amount of
compensation cost, if any, for future service that the Company has not yet
recognized, and the amount of estimated excess tax benefits that would be
recorded in paid-in-capital, if any, when the option is exercised or the
instrument vests are assumed to be used to repurchase shares in the current
period.   

The
following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per
share:       

Options to purchase 0.6 million and 0.9 million
common shares for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. Options to purchase 1.3
million common shares for both the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2015 were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share
because their effect would also have been anti-dilutive.     

Note
5   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    

     Goodwill
allocated to the Company s reportable segments was as follows:       

The purchase accounting adjustments in 2016
related to the Secure Acquisition were based on management s estimates
resulting from review of information obtained after the acquisition that
related to facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date. See
Note 2.   

11             

Other assets consist
primarily of acquired identifiable intangible assets and capitalized purchased
software costs.   Acquired
identifiable intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
were as follows:       

Customer relationships are amortized on a
straight-line basis over a period of 10 to 14 years. Capitalized purchased
software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
life of the related software, which ranges from 2 to 10 years. Technology
licenses are amortized over their estimated useful lives in proportion to the
economic benefits consumed.       Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was as follows:       

The increased amortization of intangible assets reflects the
impact of the Secure Acquisition. See Note 2.   

The estimated future amortization expense of other intangible
assets for each of the next five years is as follows (in thousands):           

12             

Note 6   Borrowing Facilities    

           On November 12, 2015,
the Company entered into a $430 million Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement)
by and among Benchmark,     JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as
administrative agent and collateral agent (the Administrative Agent), and the
financial institutions acting as lenders thereunder from time to time  .   This Credit Agreement
provides for a five-year $200 million revolving credit facility and     a five-year $230 million term loan
facility (the Term Loan), both with a maturity date of November 12, 2020.                  The proceeds of the
Term Loan were used to finance the purchase price of the acquisition of Secure
Technology. The revolving credit facility is available for general corporate purposes,
may be drawn in foreign currencies up to an amount equivalent to $20 million,
and may be used for letters of credit up to $20 million. The Credit Agreement
includes an accordion feature, pursuant to which total commitments under the
facility may be increased by an additional $150 million, subject to
satisfaction of certain conditions.   

The Term Loan is payable in minimum quarterly principal installments,
which began in March 2016, of $2.9 million in 2016 and 2017, $4.3 million in
2018, $5.8 million in 2019, and $8.6 million in 2020, with the balance payable
on the maturity date.   

Interest on outstanding
borrowings under the Credit Agreement accrues, at our option, at (a) the
adjusted London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) plus 1.25% to 2.25%, or (b) the
alternative base rate plus 0.25% to 1.25%, and is payable quarterly in arrears.
The alternative base rate is equal to the highest of (i) the Administrative
Agent s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the
adjusted LIBOR rate plus 1.00%. The margin on the interest rates fluctuates
based upon the ratio of the Company s debt to its consolidated EBITDA.         As of September 30,
2016, $166.0 million of the outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement was
effectively at a fixed interest rate as a result of a $166.0 million notional
interest rate swap contract discussed in Note 14. A commitment fee of 0.30% to
0.40% per annum (based on the debt to EBITDA ratio) on the unused portion of
the revolving credit line is payable quarterly in arrears.   

The Credit Agreement is generally secured by a pledge of (a) all
the capital stock of the Company s domestic subsidiaries and 65% of the capital
stock of its directly owned foreign subsidiaries, (b) any indebtedness owed to
Benchmark and its subsidiaries and (c) all or substantially all other personal
property of Benchmark and its domestic subsidiaries (including, accounts
receivable, inventory and fixed assets of Benchmark and its domestic
subsidiaries), in each case, subject to customary exceptions and limitations.     The Credit Agreement contains financial
covenants as to debt leverage and interest coverage, and certain customary
affirmative and negative covenants, including restrictions on our ability to
incur additional debt and liens, pay dividends, repurchase shares, sell assets
and merge or consolidate with other persons. Amounts due under the Credit
Agreement may be accelerated upon specified events of default, including a
failure to pay amounts due, breach of a covenant, material inaccuracy of a
representation, or occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency, subject, in some
cases, to cure periods.         As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company was in compliance with all of these covenants and
restrictions.       

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $221.4 million in
borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan facility and $2.1 million in letters
of credit outstanding under the revolving credit facility. The Company has
$197.9 million available for future borrowings under the revolving credit
facility.   

The Company s Thailand subsidiary has a multi-purpose credit
facility with Kasikornbank Public Company Limited (the Thai Credit Facility)
that provides for 350 million Thai baht working capital availability. The Thai
Credit Facility is secured by land and buildings in Thailand owned by the
Company s Thailand subsidiary. Availability of funds under the Thai Credit
Facility is reviewed annually and is currently accessible through October 2017.
As of both September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no working capital
borrowings outstanding under the facility.     

13             

Income tax expense differs from the amount
computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to income
before income tax primarily due to the mix of taxable income by taxing
jurisdiction, the impact of tax incentives and tax holidays in foreign
locations, and state income taxes (net of federal benefit). The decrease in
income tax expense during 2016 is primarily the result of an $8.3 million
decrease in the reserve for uncertain tax benefits and lower taxable income.   

The
Company considers earnings from foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely
reinvested and, accordingly, no provision for U.S. federal and state income
taxes has been made for these earnings. Upon distribution of foreign subsidiary
earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, such distributed earnings would
be subject to U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes, reduced by any
applicable foreign tax credits. Determination of the amount of any unrecognized
deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings is not practicable.     

14             

The Company has been granted certain tax
incentives, including tax holidays, for its subsidiaries in Malaysia and
Thailand that will expire at various dates, unless extended or otherwise
renegotiated, through 2025 in Malaysia and 2028 in Thailand, and are subject to
certain conditions with which the Company expects to comply. The net impact of
these tax incentives was to lower income tax expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 by approximately $3.5 million (approximately 0.07 per
diluted share) and $7.1 million (approximately $0.13 per diluted share),
respectively, as follows:     

The Company s Chinese subsidiary had a tax
incentive that expired in December 2015 and has submitted an application for a
new tax incentive.   

As
of September 30, 2016, the total amount of the reserve for uncertain tax benefits
including interest was $8.1 million. The reserve is classified as a current or
long-term liability in the condensed consolidated balance sheets based on the
Company s expectation of when the items will be settled. The amount of accrued
potential interest on unrecognized tax benefits included in the reserve as of September
30, 2016, was $0.1 million. There was no reserve for potential penalties.
During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reduced its
reserve by approximately $8.3 million relating to the expiration of the statute
of limitations for a foreign subsidiary that was liquidated in 2011 and closed
its operations in 2005.   

The Company and its subsidiaries in Brazil, China, Ireland,
Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Romania, Singapore, Thailand and
the United States remain open to examination by the various local taxing
authorities, in total or in part, for fiscal years 2004 to 2015. During the
course of such examinations, disputes may occur as to matters of fact or law. The
Company has no ongoing U.S. Internal Revenue Service income tax audits. In most
tax jurisdictions, the passage of time without examination will result in the
expiration of applicable statutes of limitations thereby precluding examination
of the tax period(s) for which such statute of limitation has expired. The Company
believes that it has adequately provided for its tax liabilities.     

15             

Note 9   Segment and Geographic Information    

   The Company currently has manufacturing facilities in the United
States, Mexico, Asia and Europe to serve its customers. The Company is operated
and managed geographically, and management evaluates performance and allocates
the Company s resources on a geographic basis. Intersegment sales are generally
recorded at prices that approximate arm s length transactions. Operating
segments  measure of profitability is based on income from operations. The
accounting policies for the reportable operating segments are the same as for
the Company taken as a whole. The Company has three reportable operating
segments: the Americas, Asia and Europe.   Information about operating segments is
as follows:       

16             

Geographic
net sales information reflects the destination of the product shipped.
Long-lived assets information is based upon the physical location of the asset.       

Note
11   Contingencies    

   The Company is involved in various legal actions arising in the
ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate
disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the
Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.   

The
Company previously reported charges incurred in 2014 for the write-down of
inventory and provisions to accounts receivable associated with the October 6,
2014 bankruptcy filing of GT Advanced Technologies (GTAT). The Company noted
then that its actual loss could differ from the amounts originally recorded.     On October 28, 2016, the Company
learned that the trustee in the GTAT bankruptcy proceedings filed adversary
actions against certain of the Company s subsidiaries (who have not yet been
served) to recover payments aggregating approximately $3.7 million, which were
received by the       

17             

subsidiaries during the 90 days
preceding GTAT s bankruptcy filing, on the premise that such payments were made
during the preference period and therefore may be avoidable as preferential or
constructively fraudulent, among other theories. These adversary actions are
subject to mandatory mediation procedures by order of the bankruptcy court. The
Company believes that the payments were made in the ordinary course of
business, and, although the outcome cannot be predicted at this time, the
Company intends to vigorously defend against the claims  .          

Note
12   Impact of Recently Enacted Accounting Standards    

   In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
issued a new accounting standards update, which seeks to reduce the existing
diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and
classified in the statement of cash flows. This update is effective for fiscal
years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early
adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the
adoption of this accounting standards update will have on its consolidated
financial statements.   

In June 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standards update,
which replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a
methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of
a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss
estimates. This update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2019. The Company does not expect the implementation of this
update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position,
results of operations or cash flows.   

In March 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update
intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions including: income tax consequences, classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows.
Specifically, the update requires that excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies
(the difference between the deduction for tax purposes and the compensation
cost recognized for financial reporting purposes) be recognized as income tax
expense or benefit in the Consolidated Statement of Income, introducing a new
element of volatility to the provision for income taxes. This update is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is
permitted. The application of the update requires various transition methods
depending on the specific item. The Company will adopt this update effective
January 1, 2017 and is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have
on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.   

In February 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standards
update changing the accounting for leases and including a requirement to record
all leases on the consolidated balance sheets as assets and liabilities. This
update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The
Company will adopt this update effective January 1, 2019, which will impact the
its consolidated balance sheet. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.   

In July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update,
which applies to inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out or
average cost, with new guidance on simplifying the measurement of inventory.
Inventory within the scope of this update is required to be measured at the
lower of its cost or net realizable value, with net realizable value being the
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The standards
update is effective prospectively for fiscal years and interim periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company will adopt
this update effective January 1, 2017 and does not expect it to have a material
impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.   

In May 2014, the FASB issued a new standard that will supersede
most of the existing revenue recognition requirements in current U.S. GAAP. The
new standard will require companies to recognize revenue in an       

18             

amount reflecting the consideration to which they expect
to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer.
The new standard will also require significantly expanded disclosures regarding
the qualitative and quantitative information of the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
The new standard will permit the use of either the retrospective or cumulative
effect transition method, with early application not permitted. In July 2015,
the FASB deferred the effective date of the new revenue standard. As a result,
the Company will be required to adopt the new standard as of January 1, 2018.
Early adoption is permitted to the original effective date of January 1, 2017.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact the pronouncement will have on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and has not yet
selected a transition method. As the new standard will supersede all existing
revenue guidance affecting the Company under U.S. GAAP, it could impact revenue
and cost recognition on contracts across all its business segments, in addition
to its business processes and information technology systems. As a result, the
Company s evaluation of the effect of the new standard will continue over the
next several periods. The Company will adopt this update effective January 1,
2018.   

The Company has determined that no other recently issued
accounting standards will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
position, results of operations or cash flows, or will not apply to its operations.     

Note
13   Restructuring Charges    

   The Company has undertaken initiatives to restructure its business
operations to improve utilization and realize cost savings. These initiatives
have included changing the number and location of production facilities,
largely to align capacity and infrastructure with current and anticipated
customer demand. This alignment includes transferring programs from higher cost
geographies to lower cost geographies. The process of restructuring entails
moving production between facilities, reducing staff levels, realigning our
business processes, reorganizing our management and other activities.   

The Company recognized restructuring charges during     2016
and 2015   primarily related to the closure of
facilities in the Americas, capacity reduction and reductions in workforce in
certain facilities across various regions.     

The following table summarizes the     2016   activity in the accrued restructuring balances related to
the restructuring activities initiated prior to September 30, 2016:       

19             

Note 14   Fair
Value   

  Fair value is defined as the
exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a
liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the
asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. A three-tier fair value hierarchy of inputs is employed to
determine fair value measurements.   

Level
1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
and liabilities.  

Level
2 inputs are observable prices that are not quoted on active exchanges, such as
quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that
are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose
significant value drivers are observable.  

Level
3 inputs are unobservable inputs employed for measuring the fair value of
assets or liabilities.  

  This hierarchy requires the
Company to use observable market data, when available, and to minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when determining fair value.  

The Company s financial
instruments include cash equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts
payable, accrued liabilities and long-term debt and capital lease obligations.
The Company believes that the carrying values of these instruments approximate
fair value. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s long-term investments and
derivative instruments were recorded at fair value using Level 3 inputs. The
Company uses derivative instruments to manage the variability of foreign
currency obligations and interest rates. The Company does not enter into
derivatives for speculative purposes.  

The forward currency exchange contracts
in place as of September 30, 2016 have not been designated as accounting hedges
and, therefore, changes in fair value are recorded within the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Income.  

The Company has an interest rate
swap agreement with a notional amount of $166.0 million and $172.5 million as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, to hedge a portion
of its interest rate exposure on outstanding borrowings under the Credit
Agreement. Under this interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives
variable rate interest rate payments based on the one-month LIBOR rate and pays
fixed rate interest payments. The fixed interest rate for the contract is
1.4935%. The effect of this swap is to convert a portion of the floating rate
interest expense to fixed interest rate expense. Based on the terms of the interest
rate swap contract and the underlying borrowings outstanding under the Credit
Agreement, the interest rate contract was determined to be effective, and thus
qualifies and has been designated as a cash flow hedge. As such, changes in the
fair value of the interest rate swap are recorded in other comprehensive income
on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets until earnings are
affected by the variability of cash flows. The fair value of the interest rate
swap was a $3.5 million liability as of September 30, 2016 and $0 as of
December 31, 2015, which was its effective date.     During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recorded unrealized losses of $3.5 million
($2.1 million net of tax) on the swap in other comprehensive income. See Note 15.    

20             

Note 15             Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Loss    

     The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component
were as follows:         

See
Note 14 for further explanation of the change in derivative instruments that is
recorded to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.       Amounts
reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 affected selling, general and administrative expenses      .     

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations      

This quarterly report (this Report) contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act). These forward-looking statements are identified as any
statement that does not relate strictly to historical or current facts and may include
words such as  anticipate,   believe,   intend,   plan,   projection, 
 forecast,   strategy,   position,   continue,   estimate,   expect,   may, 
 will,  or the negative or other variations thereof. In particular, statements,
whether express or implied, concerning future operating results or the ability
to generate sales, income or cash flow are forward-looking statements. Undue
reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are beyond our ability to control or
predict, including those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the 2015 10-K and any
added under            Part
II, Item 1A of this Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes,
including the future results of our operations, may vary materially from those
indicated. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes, and the 2015
10-K.    

OVERVIEW   

  We
are a worldwide provider of integrated manufacturing, design and engineering
services, precision machining services and product life cycle solutions. We
offer comprehensive and integrated design and manufacturing services and
solutions from initial product concept to volume production, including direct
order fulfillment and post-deployment services. We provide our services to OEMs
of industrial equipment (including equipment for the aerospace and defense
industries), telecommunication equipment, computers and related products for
business enterprises, medical devices, and test and instrumentation products. In
this Report, references to Benchmark or the Company or use of the words  we ,
 our  and  us  include the subsidiaries of Benchmark unless otherwise noted.  

Over
the last two years, our strategic priority has been to transition our portfolio
to the higher-value markets of Industrials, Medical and Test  
Instrumentation. These higher-value markets offer greater outsourcing
opportunities, longer lifecycle products and extended manufacturing contracts
with customers who have greater outsourcing needs and require higher
value-added and engineering-led solutions than      

21             

customers
in our traditional markets.  

Our
operations comprise three principal areas:  

Manufacturing
and assembly operations   , which include printed circuit board assemblies
(PCBAs) and subsystem assembly, box build and systems integration. Systems
integration is often building a finished assembly that includes PCBAs, complex
subsystem assemblies, mechatronics, displays, optics, and other components.
These final products may be configured to order and delivered directly to the
end customer across all the industries we serve.  

Precision
technology manufacturing   , which complements our electronic manufacturing
expertise by providing further vertical integration of critical mechanical
components. These capabilities include precision machining, advanced metal
joining, assembly and functional testing primarily for customers in the
medical, aerospace, and test   instrumentation markets (which include
semiconductor capital equipment).  

Specialized
engineering services and solutions   , which includes product design for
electronic systems, sub-systems, and components, printed circuit board layout,
prototyping, automation and test development. We provide these services across
all the industries we serve, but lead with engineering to manufacturing
solutions primarily in regulated industries such as medical, complex
industrials, aerospace and defense.  

As
part of our long-term strategy to expand into higher-value markets, on November
12, 2015, we acquired Secure Technology, a leading provider of customized high-performance
electronics, sub-systems, and component solutions for mission critical
applications, for a purchase price of $219.8 million. This acquisition deepened
Benchmark s engineering capabilities and enhanced its ability to serve
customers in highly regulated industrial markets, including aerospace and
defense.  

Our
core strength lies in our ability to provide concept-to-production solutions in
support of our customers. Our global manufacturing presence increases our
ability to respond to our customers  needs by providing accelerated
time-to-market and time-to-volume production of high-quality products   especially
for complex products with lower volume and higher mix in regulated markets.
These capabilities enable us to build strong strategic relationships with our
customers and to become an integral part of their operations.  

Our
customers often face challenges in designing supply chains, planning demand,
procuring materials and managing their inventories efficiently due to
fluctuations in their customer demand, product design changes, short product
life cycles and component price fluctuations. We employ enterprise resource
planning (ERP) systems and lean manufacturing principles to manage the
procurement and manufacturing processes in an efficient and cost-effective
manner so that, where possible, components arrive on a just-in-time,
as-and-when-needed basis. We are a significant purchaser of electronic
components and other raw materials and can capitalize on the economies of scale
associated with our relationships with suppliers to negotiate price discounts,
obtain components and other raw materials that are in short supply, and return
excess components. Our agility and expertise in supply chain management and our
relationships with suppliers across the supply chain enable us to help reduce
our customers  cost of goods sold and inventory exposure.  

We recognize revenue
from the sale of manufactured products built to customer specifications and
excess inventory when title and risk of ownership have passed, the price to the
buyer is fixed or determinable and recoverability is reasonably
assured, which generally is when the goods are shipped. Revenue from
design, development and engineering services is recognized when the services
are performed and collectibility is reasonably certain. Such services provided
under fixed price contracts are generally accounted for using the
percentage-of-completion method. We generally assume no significant obligations
after shipment as we typically warrant workmanship only, accordingly, our
warranty provisions are generally not significant.  

22             

2016 Highlights    

  Sales for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 decreased 9% to $574.3 million compared to $630.2
million for 2015. During 2016, sales to customers in our various industry sectors
fluctuated from the comparable 2015 period as follows:  

Industrials increased by 10%,  

Medical decreased by 2%,  

Test   Instrumentation
increased by 13%,  

Computing decreased by 24%, and  

Telecommunications decreased by
33%.  

A significant portion of the
overall decrease in sales resulted from a decrease in Telecommunications
revenue primarily related to a maturing and non-recurring program at one of our
top customers and some of our Telecommunications customers experiencing order
declines related to broader demand weakness associated with reduced
infrastructure spending. In addition, Computing revenue declined due to lower
demand from some of our Computing customers.  

Our sales depend on the
success of our customers, some of which operate in businesses associated with
rapid technological change and consequent product obsolescence. Developments
adverse to our major customers or their products, or the failure of a major
customer to pay for components or services, can adversely affect us. A
substantial percentage of our sales are made to a small number of customers,
and the loss of a major customer, if not replaced, would adversely affect us.
Sales to our 10 largest customers represented 44% and 48% of our sales in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and   2015  ,
respectively. We had no customers that represented 10% or more of our sales
during the first nine months of 2016. Our largest customer in 2015,
International Business Machines Corporation, represented 10% of our total sales
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

We experience fluctuations in
gross profit from period to period. Different programs contribute different
gross profits depending on factors such as the types of services involved,
location of production, size of the program, complexity of the product and
level of material costs associated with the various products. Moreover, new
programs can contribute relatively less to our gross profit in their early
stages when manufacturing volumes are usually lower, resulting in
inefficiencies and unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs. In addition, a
number of our new and higher-volume programs remain subject to competitive
constraints that could exert downward pressure on our margins. During periods
of low production volume, we generally have idle capacity and reduced gross
profit.  

We have undertaken
initiatives to restructure our business operations with the intention of
improving utilization and realizing cost savings. During the first nine months
of 2016, we recognized $3.0 million of restructuring charges, primarily related
to reductions in workforce in certain facilities across various regions, and $0.1
million of integration costs. In addition, we recognized $3.8 million of costs
in connection with the proxy contest relating to our 2016 annual meeting of
shareholders and $3.0 million in connection with the separation of our former
Chief Executive Officer in September 2016.  

23             

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

   The following table presents the percentage relationship that
certain items in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income bear to sales
for the periods indicated. The financial information and the discussion below
should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
and Notes thereto in Item 1 of this Report.   

Sales    

   Sales for the third quarter of   2016   
were $574.3 million, a 9% decrease from sales of $630.2 million for the same
quarter in   2015  . Sales for the first nine
months of   2016    were $1.7 billion, an 11%
decrease from sales of $1.9 billion for the same period in   2015  . The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the percentages of our sales by industry sector.   

Industrials      Third
quarter sales increased 10% to $217.2 million from $197.6 million in   2015, and in  creased 8% to $644.1 million during the
first nine months of 2016 from $597.6 million in the same period of   2015 primarily as a result of the impact of the Secure
Acquisition.   

Medical      Third
quarter sales decreased 2% to $85.9 million from $87.5 million in   2015, and   increased to $260.3 million during the
first nine months of 2016 from $259.1 million in the same period of   2015  .

24             

Test   Instrumentation      Third quarter sales increased 13% to
$65.6 million from $58.3 million in   2015 and   increased
4% to $179.0 million during the first nine months of 2016 from $172.3 million
in the same period of   2015  . The increase in
the third quarter is primarily due to strong demand from our semi-cap equipment
customers.   

Computing      Third
quarter sales decreased 24% to $106.7 million from $139.6 million in 2015  , and   decreased 18% to $325.1 million during the
first nine months of 2016 from $396.0 million in the same period of   2015.   The decrease is primarily due to lower demand
from most of our computing customers.   

Telecommunications      Third quarter sales decreased 33% to $98.9 million from $147.2
million in   2015, and   decreased 40% to $294.4
million during the first nine months of 2016 from $490.2 million in the same
period of   2015    related to a maturing and
non-recurring program at one of our top customers and some customers
experiencing order declines related to broader demand weakness associated with
reduced infrastructure spending.   

Our international operations are subject to the risks of doing business
abroad. See Part I, Item 1A of our 2015 10-K for factors pertaining to our
international sales and fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currency
and for further discussion of potential adverse effects in operating results
associated with the risks of doing business abroad. During the first nine
months of 2016 and 2015, 48% and 51%, respectively, of our sales were from our
international operations.   

Gross Profit    

   Gross profit decreased 3% to $52.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from $54.6 million in the same quarter of 2015, and
decreased 4% to $156.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
from $162.3 million in the same period of 2015. Gross profit as a percentage of
sales increased to 9.2% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
from 8.7% and 8.5%, respectively, in the same periods of 2015 primarily due to benefits
from our increased higher-value market revenue base and capacity alignment and
operational excellence initiatives, offset by decreased utilization associated
with lower sales volumes.   

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses    

   SG A increased by 7% to $28.1 million in the third quarter of 2016
compared to $26.2 million in 2015, and increased by 5% to $85.1 million in the first
nine months of 2016 compared to $80.7 million in 2015 primarily related to the
Secure Acquisition and investments in our sales and marketing organization.
SG A, as a percentage of sales, increased to 4.9% for the third quarter of
2016 from 4.2% in 2015. SG A, as a percentage of sales, increased to 5.0%
for the first nine months of 2016 from 4.2% in 2015. The increase in SG A
as a percentage of sales related primarily to the decreased sales volumes and
the items noted above.   

Amortization of Intangible Assets    

   Amortization of
intangible assets increased to $8.9 million in 2016 from $3.0 million in 2015
due to the impact of the Secure Acquisition.   

Restructuring Charges and Other Costs    

   During 2016, we recognized
$3.1 million of restructuring charges and other costs, primarily related to reductions
in workforce in certain facilities across various regions. In addition, we
recognized $3.8 million of costs in connection with the proxy contest related
to our 2016 annual meeting of shareholders and $3.0 million in connection with
the separation of our former Chief Executive Officer in September 2016. We
expect to incur an additional $1.5 to $2.0 million in the fourth quarter of
2016 on capacity alignment efforts in the Americas. In 2015, we recognized $7.6
million of restructuring charges and other costs, primarily       

25             

related
to the closure of certain facilities in the Americas. See Note 13 to the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Report.   

Interest Expense    

   Interest expense
increased to $6.9 million in 2016 from $1.4 million in 2015 due to the
additional debt incurred in connection with the Secure Acquisition.   

Income Tax Expense    

   Income tax expense of $0.3 million represented an effective tax
rate of 0.7% for 2016, compared with $13.0 million for 2015, which represented
an effective tax rate of 18.9%. The decrease in the effective rate for 2016 stemmed
primarily from the reversal of uncertain tax benefits of $8.3 million relating
to the expiration of the statute of limitations for a liquidated foreign
subsidiary during the period that reduced the income tax expense accordingly. Without
the reversal, the effective tax rate would have been 18.7%.   

We have been granted certain tax incentives, including tax
holidays, for our subsidiaries in Malaysia and Thailand that will expire at
various dates, unless extended or otherwise renegotiated, through 2025 in
Malaysia, and 2028 in Thailand. See Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements in Item 1 of this report.   

Net Income    

   We reported net income of $45.5 million, or diluted earnings per
share of $0.91 for the first nine months 2016, compared with net income of
$56.0 million, or diluted earnings per share of $1.07 for 2015. The net
decrease of $10.5 million from 2015 was due to the factors discussed
above.   

LIQUIDITY AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES    

   We have historically financed our organic growth and operations
through funds generated from operations. In connection with the Secure
Acquisition in 2015, we borrowed $230.0 million under the Term Loan facility to
finance the purchase price of the acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents
totaled $635.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $466.0 million at December 31,
2015, of which $561.2 million at September 30, 2016 and $424.0 million at
December 31, 2015 was held outside the U.S. in various foreign subsidiaries.
Substantially all of the amounts held outside of the U.S. are intended to be
permanently reinvested in foreign operations. Under current tax laws and
regulations, if cash and cash equivalents held outside the U.S. were to be
distributed to the U.S. in the form of dividends or otherwise, we would be
subject to additional U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes, reduced
by any applicable foreign tax credits.   

Cash provided by operating activities during the first nine months
was $228.0 million for 2016 and consisted primarily of $45.5 million of net
income adjusted for $42.0 million of depreciation and amortization, a $61.8
million decrease in accounts receivable, a $14.0 million decrease in
inventories and a  $59.2 million increase in accounts payable over 2015. The
decrease in accounts receivable and inventories was primarily driven by the
decrease in sales.  Working capital was $1.1 billion at both September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015.   

We are continuing the practice of purchasing components only after
customer orders or forecasts are received, which mitigates, but does not
eliminate, the risk of loss on inventories. Supplies of electronic components
and other materials used in operations are subject to industry-wide shortages.
In certain instances, suppliers may allocate available quantities to us. If
shortages of these components and other material supplies used in operations
occur, vendors may not ship the quantities we need for production, and we may
be forced to delay shipments, which would increase backorders and impact cash
flows.   

26             

Cash used in investing
activities was $14.4 million for 2016 primarily due to purchases of additional
property, plant and equipment totaling $24.1 million offset by a $10.8 million
purchase price adjustment received during the quarter ended September 2016. The
purchases of property, plant and equipment were primarily for machinery and
equipment in the Americas and Asia.   

Cash used in financing activities was $44.2 million for 2016.
Share repurchases totaled $40.9 million, principal payments on long-term debt
totaled $9.2 million, and we received $5.5 million from the exercise of stock
options.   

Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, in addition to the Term
Loan, we have a $200.0 million five-year revolving credit facility, which can be
used for general corporate purposes and has a maturity date of November 12,
2020. The Credit Agreement includes an accordion feature pursuant to which
total commitments under the facility may be increased by an additional $150.0
million, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. As of     September
30, 2016  , we had $221.4 million in borrowings
outstanding under the Term Loan facility and $2.1 million in letters of credit
outstanding under the revolving credit facility. We have $197.9 million available
for future borrowings under the revolving credit facility.   See Note 6 to
the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this
Report   for more information regarding the terms of
the Credit Agreement.   

Our operations, and the operations of businesses we acquire, are
subject to certain foreign, federal, state and local regulatory requirements
relating to environmental, waste management, health and safety matters. We
believe we operate in substantial compliance with all applicable requirements
and we seek to ensure that newly acquired businesses comply or will comply
substantially with applicable requirements. To date, the costs of compliance
and workplace and environmental remediation have not been material to us.
However, material costs and liabilities may arise from these requirements or
from new, modified or more stringent requirements in the future. In addition,
our past, current and future operations, and the operations of businesses we
have or may acquire, may give rise to claims of exposure by employees or the
public, or to other claims or liabilities relating to environmental, waste
management or health and safety concerns.   

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents
totaling $635.7 million and had $197.9 million available for borrowings
under the Credit Agreement. During the next 12 months, we believe our capital
expenditures will approximate $40 to $50 million, principally for machinery and
equipment to support our ongoing business around the globe.   

In
December 2015, our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to $100.0
million of our outstanding common shares. As of September 30, 2016, we had
$93.8 million remaining under the repurchase program to purchase additional
shares. We are under no commitment or obligation to repurchase any particular
amount of common shares. Management believes that our existing cash balances
and funds generated from operations will be sufficient to permit us to meet our
liquidity requirements over the next 12 months. Management further believes
that our ongoing cash flows from operations and any borrowings we may incur
under our revolving credit facility will enable us to meet operating cash requirements
in future years. If we consummated significant acquisition opportunities in the
future, our capital needs would increase and could possibly result in our need
to increase available borrowings under our Credit Agreement or access public or
private debt and equity markets. There can be no assurance, however, that we
would be successful in raising additional debt or equity on acceptable terms.   

27             

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS    

We have certain contractual obligations for operating and capital leases
that were summarized in a table of Contractual Obligations in our     2015
10-K  . There have been no material changes to our
contractual obligations, outside of the ordinary course of our business, since
December 31, 2015.   

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS    

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any significant
off-balance sheet arrangements.   

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES    

   Management s discussion and analysis is based upon our condensed
consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements included in our     2015
10-K  . See Note   12    to
the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently
enacted accounting principles.   

Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk      

Our international sales comprise a significant portion of our net
sales. We are exposed to risks associated with operating internationally,
including:   

Foreign currency exchange
risk;   

              Import and export duties,
taxes and regulatory changes;   

              Inflationary economies or
currencies; and   

              Economic and political
instability.   

Additionally, some of our operations are in developing countries.
Certain events, including natural disasters, can impact the infrastructure of a
developing country more severely than they would impact the infrastructure of a
developed country. A developing country can also take longer to recover from
such events, which could lead to delays in our ability to resume full
operations.   

We transact business in various foreign
countries and are subject to foreign currency fluctuation risks. We use natural
hedging and forward contracts to economically hedge transactional exposure
primarily associated with trade accounts receivable, other receivables and
trade accounts payable that are denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the respective operating entity. We do not use
derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. The forward
contracts in place as of September 30, 2016 have not been designated as accounting
hedges and, therefore, changes in fair value are recorded within our
Consolidated Statements of Income.   

Our sales are substantially denominated in U.S. dollars. Our
foreign currency cash flows are generated in certain European and Asian
countries and Mexico.   

We are also exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates
on our financial instruments, a portion of which relates to our invested cash
balances. We do not use derivative financial instruments in our investing
activities. We place cash and cash equivalents and investments with various
major financial institutions. We protect our invested principal funds by
limiting default risk, market risk and reinvestment risk. We mitigate default
risk by generally investing in investment grade securities.   

We
are also exposed to interest rate risk on borrowings under our Credit
Agreement. As of     September 30, 2016    , we
had $221.4 million outstanding on the floating rate Term Loan facility, and we
have an interest       

28             

rate swap agreement with a notional
amount of $166.0 million. Under this swap agreement, we receive variable rate
interest rate payments and pay fixed rate interest payments. The effect of this
swap is to convert a portion of our floating rate interest expense to fixed
interest rate expense. The interest rate swap is designated as a cash flow
hedge    .   

Item
4            Controls and Procedures              

   As of the end of the period covered by this Report, the Company s
management (with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)) conducted an evaluation pursuant to Rule 13a-15
promulgated under the Exchange Act, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this
evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that as of the end of the period covered
by this Report such disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
rules and forms of the SEC, and include controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Company s CEO
and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.   

There has been no change in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter covered by this Report
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.   

Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that
our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all
fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple
errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by individuals 
acts, by collusion of two or more people, or by management overriding the
control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all
potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
and not be detected.   

29             

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.                            Legal
Proceedings    

     We are involved in various legal actions arising in
the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate
disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated financial position or results of operations.   

On
October 28, 2016, we became aware of claims made against certain of our
subsidiaries in connection with the GTAT bankruptcy proceedings. Please see the
description included above in Note 11 to the Notes to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this
Item 1 of Part II.   

Item 1A.        Risk Factors    

     There are no material
changes to the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of our 2015 10-K  .    

Item 2.                            Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

     (c)  The following table provides information for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 about the Company s repurchases of its equity
securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, at a total
cost of $11.5 million:   

(1)      All
share repurchases were made on the open market.   

    (2)      Average
price paid per share is calculated on a settlement basis and excludes
commission.   

    (3)      In December
2015, the Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to $100 million of
the Company s outstanding common shares. Share purchases may be made in the
open market, in privately negotiated transactions or block transactions, at the
discretion of the Company s management and as market conditions warrant.
Purchases will be funded from available cash and may be commenced, suspended or
discontinued at any time without prior notice. Shares repurchased under the program
are retired.   

30             

Item 6.           Exhibits      

*   Filed herewith.   

    (1)       XBRL
(Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed
or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11
or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is not deemed filed for purposes of
section 18 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under
these sections.   

31             

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized on November 8,   2016  .    

BENCHMARK ELECTRONICS, INC.  

(Registrant)  

By:    /s/ Paul J. Tufano   

Paul J. Tufano  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By:    /s/ Donald F. Adam   

Donald F. Adam  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

32             

EXHIBIT INDEX    

*   Filed herewith.   

    (1)       XBRL
(Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed
or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11
or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is not deemed filed for purposes of
section 18 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under
these sections.   

33             

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

I, Paul J. Tufano, certify that:  

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Benchmark Electronics,
Inc.;  

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.           Benchmark s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for Benchmark and have:  

(a)      
  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
Benchmark, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;  

(b)      
  Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;  

(c)         Evaluated
the effectiveness of Benchmark s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)         Disclosed
in this report any change in Benchmark s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during Benchmark s most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Benchmark s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           Benchmark s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to Benchmark s
auditors and the audit committee of Benchmark s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)      
  All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect Benchmark s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)      
  Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in Benchmark s internal control over financial reporting.  

By:
     /s/ Paul J. Tufano   

Paul J. Tufano  

President and Chief
  Executive Officer  

November 8, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer   

I, Donald F. Adam, certify that:   

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Benchmark Electronics,
Inc.;  

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.           Benchmark s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for Benchmark and have:  

(a)      
  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
Benchmark, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;  

(b)      
  Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;  

(c)         Evaluated
the effectiveness of Benchmark s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)         Disclosed
in this report any change in Benchmark s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during Benchmark s most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Benchmark s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           Benchmark s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to Benchmark s
auditors and the audit committee of Benchmark s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)      
  All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect Benchmark s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)      
  Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in Benchmark s internal control over financial reporting.  

By:    /s/
  Donald F. Adam   

Donald F. Adam  

Chief Financial Officer  

November 8, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

   CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
(Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Benchmark
Electronics, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30,
2016 (the Report), I certify to the best of my knowledge that:  

(1)         The Report
fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2)         The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

By:
     /s/ Paul J. Tufano   

Paul J. Tufano  

President and Chief
  Executive Officer  

November 8, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

   CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
(Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Benchmark
Electronics, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30,
2016 (the Report), I certify to the best of my knowledge that:  

(1)         The Report
fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2)         The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

By:    /s/
  Donald F. Adam   

Donald F. Adam  

Chief Financial Officer  

November 8, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bhe-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bhe-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bhe-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bhe-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bhe-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bhe-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

