<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1358403_0001358403-16-000292_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4660125</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>184589</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>831166</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1408922</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1508530</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>630903</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001358403-16-000292.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160833
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001358403-16-000292
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001358403
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				201450200
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36783
		FILM NUMBER:		161984286

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2130 WEST HOLCOMBE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77030
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(832) 384-1100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2130 WEST HOLCOMBE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77030

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001358403-16-000292.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 a2016q310q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
  OR 

For the transition period from ____ to ____                      
    
  Commission File Number: 001-36783 

BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware 
      
    2836 
      
    20-1450200 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (Primary Standard Industrial 
  Classification Code Number) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

2130 W. Holcombe Blvd., Ste. 800 
  Houston, TX 77030 
  (832) 384-1100 
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including 
  area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes        x       No        o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes        x       No        o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                         Large accelerated filer 
    o 

Accelerated filer 
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
    o 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes        o       No       x 
            As of October 28, 2016, there were   27,105,698   outstanding shares of Bellicum s common stock, par value, $0.01 per share. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    3 

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 
        
     Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    3 
        
     Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    4 
        
     Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    5 
        
     Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    6 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    14 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    22 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    22 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    24 

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    24 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    24 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    24 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    24 

SIGNATURES  
    25 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Financial Statements    

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
     Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except share and par value amounts) 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
     Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
    
  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
  Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited)      

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
    
  Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements    

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
    
  Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the Company or Bellicum, was incorporated in Delaware in   July 2004   and is based in Houston, Texas. The Company is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel cellular immunotherapies for various forms of cancer, including both hematological cancers and solid tumors, as well as orphan inherited blood disorders. The Company is devoting substantially all of its present efforts to developing next-generation product candidates in some of the most important areas of cellular immunotherapy, including, hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, CAR T and TCR cell therapy. The Company has not generated any revenue from product sales to date and if the Company does not successfully commercialize any of the Company's product candidates, the Company will not be able to generate product revenue or achieve profitability. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of   $210.8 million  . 
    
  The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the biotechnology industry and the future success of the Company is dependent on its ability to successfully complete the development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, its product candidates, manage the growth of the organization, obtain additional financing necessary in order to develop, launch and commercialize its product candidates, and compete successfully with other companies in its industry. 

NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Basis of Presentation  
  The accompanying interim financial statements are unaudited. These unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and follow the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for interim reporting. As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes or other financial information that are normally required by GAAP have been omitted. In management s opinion, the unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited financial statements and include all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s financial position and its results of operations and its cash flows for the periods presented. All such adjustments are normal and recurring in nature. These statements do not include all disclosures required by GAAP and should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   (the Annual Report). A copy of the Annual Report is available on the SEC s website,   www.sec.gov  , under the Company s ticker symbol  BLCM  or on Bellicum s website,   www.bellicum.com  . The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full fiscal year or any other interim period. Any reference in these footnotes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) and Accounting Standards Update (ASU) of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). 
    
  Use of Estimates  
  The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
  Net Loss and Net Loss per Share of Common Stock Attributable to Common Stockholders 
  Basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period without consideration for common stock equivalents. The following outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computations of diluted net loss per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders for the periods presented, as the effect of including such securities would be anti-dilutive.       

6 

     Table of Contents  

Investment Securities  
  Consistent with its investment policy, the Company invests its cash allocated to fund its short-term liquidity requirements with prominent financial institutions in bank depository accounts and institutional money market funds and the Company invests the remainder of its cash in corporate debt securities and municipal bonds rated at least A quality or equivalent, U.S. Treasury notes and bonds and U.S. and state government agency-backed securities.  
  The Company determines the appropriate classification of investment securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates its classification as of each balance sheet date. All investment securities owned during the   nine months ended September 30,   were classified as available-for-sale. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Investment securities are recorded as of each balance sheet date at fair value, with unrealized gains and, to the extent deemed temporary, unrealized losses included in stockholders  equity. Interest and dividend income on investment securities, accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums and realized gains and losses are included in interest income in the Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).  
  An investment security is considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value below its cost basis is determined to be other than temporary. The Company evaluates whether a decline in fair value of an investment security is below its cost basis and is other than temporary using available evidence. In the event that the cost basis of the investment security exceeds its fair value, the Company evaluates, among other factors, the amount and duration of the period that the fair value is less than the cost basis, the financial health of and business outlook for the issuer, including industry and sector performance, and operational and financing cash flow factors, overall market conditions and trends, the Company s intent to sell the investment security and whether it is more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investment security before its anticipated recovery. If a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary, the Company records an impairment charge in the statement of comprehensive income (loss) and establishes a new cost basis in the investment. 
  Property and Equipment 
  Property and equipment consists of office furniture, laboratory equipment, computer equipment and software, equipment held under capital leases, and leasehold improvements. Property and equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets.    
                   Office furniture 
      
    5 years 
      Laboratory equipment 
      
    5 years 
      Computer equipment and software 
      
    3 to 5 years 
      Equipment under capital lease 
      
    5 years 
      Leasehold improvements 
      
    Shorter of asset s useful life or remaining term of lease 

Rent 
  The Company recognizes rent expense for leases with increasing annual rents on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The amount of rent expense in excess of cash payments is classified as accrued rent. Any lease incentives received are deferred and amortized over the term of the lease. 
  Debt Issuance Costs 
  Costs related to debt issuance are presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. 
  Application of New Accounting Standards 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted the accounting guidance in ASU No. 2015-03,    Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,    which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. See Note 5 to the unaudited financial statements included herein. 
    
  New Accounting Requirements and Disclosures 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,    Leases,    which requires companies that lease assets to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in its balance sheet.  The pronouncement will also require additional disclosures about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases.   
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on the Company s financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,    Compensation-Stock Compensation,    which simplifies accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, primarily as it relates to accounting for the income tax effects of share-based compensation.  Under the pronouncement, an entity can make an entity-wide accounting policy decision to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures as they occur.  The pronouncement is effective for annual periods beginning after December 31, 2016, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,    Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments,    which replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to estimate credit losses. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years with early adoption permitted in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,    Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,    which provides guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The pronouncement is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Earlier application is permitted in any interim or annual period.  The Company does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. 

NOTE 3 - FAI  R   VALU  E   MEASUREMENTS AND INVESTMENT SECURITIES    
    
  Fair Value Measurement 
  The Company follows ASC, Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  , or ASC 820, for application to financial assets. ASC 820 defines fair value, provides a consistent framework for measuring fair value under GAAP and requires fair value financial statement disclosures. ASC 820 applies only to the measurement and disclosure of financial assets that are required or permitted to be measured and reported at fair value under other ASC topics (except for standards that relate to share-based payments such as ASC Topic 718,   Compensation   Stock Compensation  ).  
  The valuation techniques required by ASC 820 may be based on either observable or unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from independent sources, and unobservable inputs reflect the Company s market assumptions.  
  These inputs are classified into the following hierarchy:  
  Level 1 Inputs   quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date;  
  Level 2 Inputs   inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly or indirectly; and  
  Level 3 Inputs   unobservable inputs for the assets.  
    
  The following tables present the Company s investment securities (including, if applicable, those classified on the Company s balance sheet as cash equivalents) that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively: 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Corporate debt securities and municipal bonds are valued based on various observable inputs such as benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, benchmark securities and bids.  
    
  Investment securities, all classified as available-for-sale, consisted of the following as of   September 30, 2016  : 

9 

     Table of Contents  

The Company's investment securities as of   September 30, 2016  , will reach maturity between   October 2016   and   January 2019  , with a weighted-average maturity date in   July 2017  .  
    
  Management believes that the carrying value of the debt facility approximates its fair value, as the Company's debt facility bears interest at a rate that approximates prevailing market rates for instruments with similar characteristics. The fair value of the Company's debt facility is determined under Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

NOTE 4   ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
    
  Accrued expenses and other liabilities consist of the following: 

NOTE 5 - DEBT 
  Term Loan 
  On March 10, 2016, (the Closing Date), the Company, entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement) with Hercules Capital, Inc. (Hercules), as agent and a lender, Hercules Technology II, L.P., as a lender and Hercules Technology III, L.P., as a lender, under which the Company borrowed   $15.0 million   on the Closing Date. On September 15, 2016, the Company, borrowed an additional   $5.0 million   under the Loan Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, including approval by Hercules  investment committee and the Company s achievement of specified milestones in the Loan Agreement (the Milestones), the Company may borrow an additional   $10.0 million   through March 15, 2017.  The Company intends to use the proceeds received under the Loan Agreement for funding the build-out of our manufacturing facilities and general corporate purposes.  
  The interest rate will be calculated at a rate equal to the greater of either (i)   9.35%   plus the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal minus   3.50%  , and (ii)   9.35%  .  Payments under the Loan Agreement are interest only for   18 months   from the Closing Date, extendable to   24 months   upon the Company achieving the Milestones. The interest only period will be followed by equal monthly payments of principal and interest amortized over a   30 months   schedule through the maturity date of March 1, 2020 (the  Loan Maturity Date  provided that if the Milestones are achieved, the Company will make equal monthly payments of principal and interest amortized over a   24 months   schedule through the Loan Maturity Date.  The remaining principal balance will be due and payable on the Loan Maturity Date.  In addition, upon the Loan Maturity date or such earlier date specified in the Loan Agreement, a final payment equal to   $1,390,000   (the Final Facility Charge), plus, subject to and contingent on the funding of the additional   $10.0 million   loan advance, an additional facility charge of   $695,000  .  The Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of its assets, other than its intellectual property.  
  If the Company prepays the loan, including interest, prior to December 31, 2016, there will be no prepayment penalty.  If the Company prepays the loan, including interest, after January 1, 2017 but prior to the date that is   24 months   following the Closing Date, it will pay Hercules a prepayment charge based on a prepayment fee equal to   2.00%   of the amount prepaid; if the prepayment occurs thereafter, it will pay Hercules a prepayment charge based on a prepayment fee equal to   1.00%   of the amount prepaid.  The prepayment charge is also applicable upon the occurrence of a change of control of the Company.  In addition to a prepayment charge, if any, the Company will pay Hercules the Final Facility Charge. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

The Loan Agreement includes customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, but does not include any financial maintenance covenants, and also includes standard events of default, including payment defaults. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, a default interest rate of an additional   5%   may be applied to the outstanding loan balance and Hercules may declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable and take such other actions as set forth in the Loan Agreement.  
  The Company paid expenses related to the Loan Agreement of     $199,000  , which,     alo  ng with the Final Facility Charge of     $1,390,000  , have been recorded as deferred financing costs, which offset long-term debt on the Company's balance sheet.  Deferred financing costs of     $1,589,000     will be amortized over the term of the loan, and will be included in interest expense.  During the     three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , interest expense included     $125,000     and     $275,000  , respectively, of amortized deferred financing costs. 

NOTE 6 - LEASES 
  Leases 
    
  On July 11, 2016, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Lease Agreement (the  Lease Amendment ) with Life Science Plaza Investment Group, LP, as successor-in-interest to Sheridan Hills Developments, L.P. (the  Original Landlord ) to amend the Lease Agreement, dated May 6, 2015, between the Company and the Original Landlord (the  Lease ). Pursuant to the Lease Amendment, the initial term of the Lease was extended to August 31, 2026 and the Company leased an aggregate of   3,328   additional square feet (the  Expansion Space ). For the Expansion Space, the Company is required to remit base monthly rent of approximately   $5,800  , which will increase at an average approximate rate of   5%   per year.  
    
  On September 26, 2016, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to Lease Agreement (the  Second Amendment ) with Life Science Plaza Investment Group, LP. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company leased an aggregate of   212   additional square feet of interior mechanical space on the 5th floor of the building, or the  Expansion Space . For the Expansion Space, the Company is required to remit base monthly rent of approximately   $385  , which will increase at an average approximate rate of   5%   per year to August 31, 2026. 
    
  Both lease amendments were evaluated for accounting treatment under ASC 840 -   Leases  , and determined to be operating leases. 

NOTE 7 - SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had share-based awards outstanding under   four   share-based compensation plans as follows: 
    
  The   2006 Stock Option Plan   (the 2006 Plan) provided for the issuance of non-qualified stock options to employees, including officers, non-employee directors and consultants to the Company. As of September 30, 2016,   146,210   shares of common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding options previously granted under the 2006 Plan to purchase common stock of the Company. The 2006 Plan was terminated by the Board in October 2014. 
  The   2011 Stock Option Plan   (the 2011 Plan) provided for the issuance of incentive and non-qualified stock options to employees, including officers, non-employee directors and consultants to the Company. As of September 30, 2016,   2,090,845   shares of common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding options previously granted under the 2011 Plan to purchase common stock of the Company. The 2011 Plan terminated upon the effectiveness of the 2014 Plan described below. 
  The   2014 Equity Incentive Plan   (the 2014 Plan) became effective in December 2014, upon the closing of the Company's initial public offering. The 2014 Plan provides for the issuance of equity awards, including incentive and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards to employees, including officers, non-employee directors and consultants to the Company or its affiliates. The 2014 Plan also provides for the grant of performance cash awards and performance-based stock awards. The aggregate number of shares of common stock that are authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan is   2,990,354   shares, plus any shares subject to outstanding options that were granted under the 2011 Plan or 2006 Plan that are forfeited, terminated, expired or are otherwise not issued. 
  The   2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan   (the ESPP) provides for eligible Company employees, as defined by the ESPP, to be given an opportunity to purchase the Company's common stock at a discount, through payroll deductions, with stock purchases being made upon defined purchase dates. The ESPP authorizes the issuance of up to   550,000   shares of common stock, pursuant to purchase rights granted to the employees. No shares were purchased during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

The Company granted options to purchase   46,000   and   1,086,457   shares of its common stock during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively. The fair value of the option grants during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

At   September 30, 2016  , there was   $29.3 million   of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options and stock that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   2.6   years. 
    
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company received cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options of approximately   $0.3 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $0.8 million   and   $1.9 million  , respectively. 
    
  Share-based compensation for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   are as follows: 

The following table summarizes the stock option activity for all stock plans during the   nine months ended September 30:    

12 

     Table of Contents  

(1)    The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the     estimated fair value of the common stock for the options that were in the money at September 30, 2016. 
    
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , there were   88,236   shares of unvested common stock outstanding. 

NOTE 8 - GRANT REVENUE  
  NIH Grants 
  During both 2015 and 2016, the Company was awarded   $0.3 million   under grants from the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The awards cover the period from April 2015 through March 2017. The awards were made pursuant to the authority of 42 USC 241 42 CFR 52, and are subject to the requirements of the statute. Funds spent under the grants are reimbursed through monthly reimbursement requests.  Funds spent under the grants were approximately   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively.   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,   the Company had a receivable of   $8,200   and   $57,000  , respectively, pursuant to the grants. 

NOTE 9 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  Litigation  
  The Company, from time to time, may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its ordinary course of business. Management believes that there are no material claims or actions pending or threatened against the Company. 

NOTE 10 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  Collaboration Agreement - OPBG 
    
  In October 2016, the Company and Ospedale Pediatrico Bambino Ges  ( OPBG ), entered into a collaboration agreement pursuant to which the Company and OPBG agreed to collaborate on research projects and early stage clinical trials for the design and development of various T cell immunotherapies.  
    
  As consideration for OPBG s performance of the research under the agreement and grant of certain licenses to the Company, the Company agreed to fund an aggregate of up to   $4.4 million   in project costs payable to OPBG or certain third party service providers, as applicable, over the term of the research, estimated to be   four   years. With respect to any inventions arising from the research, OPBG agreed to grant the Company an exclusive license to any such inventions, the terms of which will be set forth in a separate agreement. In addition, OPBG granted the Company paid-up, worldwide co-exclusive licenses for non-commercial development of OPBG s CD19 and GD2 CAR-T technologies, as well as paid-up, worldwide exclusive licenses to commercialize its CD19 and GD2 CAR-T technologies, each to be governed by a separate agreement. 
  
   13 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.                  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, or our Annual Report, as well as our unaudited financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or this Quarterly Report. 
    
  Forward-Looking Statements  
    
  This report contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which are subject to the  safe harbor  created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words  anticipate,   believe,   could,   designed,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   project,"  will,"  would," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks set forth in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report and in our other filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
  Overview 
  We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel cellular immunotherapies for various forms of cancer, including both hematological cancers and solid tumors, as well as orphan inherited blood disorders. We are using our proprietary Chemical Induction of Dimerization, or CID, technology platform to engineer our product candidates with switch technologies that can control components of the immune system in real time. By incorporating our CID platform, our product candidates may offer better safety and efficacy outcomes than are seen with current cellular immunotherapies. 
    
  We are developing next-generation product candidates in some of the most important areas of cellular immunotherapy, including hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, or HSCT, chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy, or CAR Ts, and T cell receptors, or TCRs. HSCT, also known as bone marrow transplantation, has for decades been curative for many patients with hematological cancers or orphan inherited blood disorders. However, adoption of HSCT to date has been limited by the risks of transplant-related morbidity and mortality from graft-versus-host-disease, or GvHD, and the potential for serious infections due to the lack of an effective immune system following a transplant. CAR T and TCR cell therapies are an innovative approach in which a patient s T cells are genetically modified to carry chimeric antigen receptors, or CARs, or TCRs which redirect the T cells against cancer cells. While high objective response rates have been reported in some hematological malignancies, serious and sometimes fatal toxicities have arisen in patients treated with CAR T cell therapies. These toxicities include instances in which the CAR T cells have caused high levels of cytokines due to over-activation, referred to as  cytokine release syndrome , neurologic toxicities and cases in which they have attacked healthy organs. In each case, these toxicities have sometimes resulted in death. In solid tumors, where the behavior of CAR T cells is particularly unpredictable and results have been inconsistent, researchers are developing enhanced CAR T cell approaches called  armored CARs  that raise even greater safety concerns.  
    
  Our proprietary CID platform is designed to address these challenges. Events inside a cell are controlled by cascades of specialized signaling proteins. CID consists of molecular switches, modified forms of these signaling proteins, which are triggered inside the patient by infusion of a small molecule, rimiducid, instead of by natural upstream signals. We include these molecular switches in the appropriate immune cells and deliver the cells to the patient in the manner of conventional cellular immunotherapy. We have developed two such switches: a  safety switch,  designed to initiate programmed cell death, or apoptosis, of the immunotherapy cells, and an  activation switch,  designed to stimulate activation and in some cases proliferation and/or persistence of the immunotherapy cells. Each of our product candidates incorporates one of these switches, for enhanced, real time control of safety and efficacy: 

CaspaCIDe is our safety switch, incorporated into our HSCT, and in certain of our TCR, product candidates, where it is inactive unless the patient experiences a serious side effect. In that event, rimiducid is administered to fully or partially eliminate the cells, with the goal of terminating or attenuating the therapy and resolving the serious side effect. 
     
   14 

     Table of Contents  

Our  Go  switch incorporated into our GoCAR-T product candidates is designed to allow control of the activation and proliferation of the T cells through the scheduled administration of a course of rimiducid infusions that may continue until the desired patient outcome is achieved. In the event of emergence of side effects, the level of activation of the GoCAR-T cells is designed to be attenuated by extending the interval between rimiducid doses, reducing the dosage per infusion, or suspending further rimiducid administration. 
       
  By incorporating our novel switch technologies, we are developing product candidates with the potential to elicit positive clinical outcomes and ultimately change the treatment paradigm in various areas of cellular immunotherapy. Our lead clinical product candidate is described below. 

BPX-501   We are developing a CaspaCIDe product candidate, BPX-501, as an adjunct T cell therapy administered after allogeneic HSCT. BPX-501 is designed to improve transplant outcomes by enhancing the recovery of the immune system following an HSCT procedure. BPX-501 addresses the risk of infusing donor T cells by enabling the elimination of donor T cells through the activation of the CaspaCIDe safety switch if there is an emergence of uncontrolled GvHD. 
       
  In the third quarter of 2016 the European Commission (EC) granted orphan drug designations to BPX-501 for treatment in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT), and for activator agent rimiducid for the treatment of Graft vs. Host Disease (GvHD). Earlier this year, BPX-501 and rimiducid received orphan drug status from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as a combination replacement T-cell therapy for the treatment of immunodeficiency and graft versus host disease after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant. 
    
  Discussions are ongoing with European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the FDA in regards to approval requirements for BPX-501 and rimiducid. Details regarding specific study endpoints and the data analysis plan are being refined in a formal protocol assistance process with EMA. The Company has also initiated dialogue with the FDA to define a U.S. regulatory pathway. We expect to have guidance from EMA by year end, and anticipate that the FDA regulatory interactions will continue into 2017.   
    
  In addition, our preclinical product candidates are designed to overcome the current limitations of CAR T and TCR therapies and include the following: 

BPX-701   is a CaspaCIDe-enabled natural high affinity T cell receptor, or TCR, product candidate designed to target malignant cells expressing the preferentially-expressed antigen in melanoma, or PRAME. Initial planned indications for BPX-701 development are Refractory or Relapsed Acute Myeloid Leukemia, or AML, and Myelodysplastic Syndromes, or MDS, with an additional study planned for metastatic uveal melanoma. Each of these is an orphan indication where PRAME is highly expressed and for which current treatment options are limited. 

BPX-601   is a GoCAR-T product candidate containing our proprietary iMC, inducible MyD88/CD40, activation switch, designed to treat solid tumors expressing prostate stem cell antigen, or PSCA. Preclinical data shows enhanced T cell proliferation, persistence and   in vivo   anti-tumor activity compared to traditional CAR T therapies. The initial planned indication for BPX-601 development is non-resectable pancreatic cancer.  
       
  On January 11, 2016, we submitted required documentation, for our two most advanced CAR T and TCR adoptive cell therapy product candidates, BPX-601 and BPX-701, for review by the National Institutes of Health, or NIH. We filed Investigational New Drug Applications, or INDs, for BPX-601 and BPX-701, in the second quarter of 2016. Both INDs have been allowed and we are in final preparation for these product candidates to begin clinical studies. 
    
  We have developed an efficient and scalable process to manufacture genetically modified T cells of high quality, which is currently being used by our third-party contract manufacturers to produce BPX-501 for our clinical trials. We are leveraging this process, as well as our resources, capabilities and expertise for the manufacture of our CAR T and TCR product candidates.    
  Recent Developments 
    
  On October 31, 2016, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Ospedale Pediatrico Bambino Ges , or OPBG, pursuant to which we and OPBG agreed to collaborate on research projects and early stage clinical trials for the design and development of various T cell immunotherapies. As consideration for OPBG s performance of the research under the agreement and grant of certain licenses to us, we agreed to fund an aggregate of up to $4.4 million in project costs payable to OPBG or certain third party  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

service providers, as applicable, over the term of the research, estimated to be four years. With respect to any inventions arising from the research, OPBG agreed to grant us an exclusive license to any such inventions, the terms of which will be set forth in a separate agreement. In addition, OPBG granted us paid-up, worldwide co-exclusive licenses for non-commercial development of OPBG s CD19 and CAR.GD2 CAR-T technologies, as well as paid-up, worldwide exclusive licenses to commercialize its CD19 and CAR.GD2 CAR-T technologies, each to be governed by a separate agreement. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe there have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies as discussed in our Annual Report. 
   
  Financial Operations Overview 
  Revenues  
  To date, we have only recognized revenue from government grants and we have not generated any product revenue. We have received funds from the National Institutes of Health, or NIH. During 2013, we entered into a grant agreement with the NIH. The grant is a modular five year grant with funds being awarded each year based on the progress of the program being funded. Grant money is not received until expenses for the program are incurred. We have been awarded approximately $1.3 million to date, of which $1.1 million has been received. We accrue the revenue based on the costs incurred for the program associated with the grant. 
  In the future, we may generate revenue from a combination of product sales, government or other third-party grants, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or a combination of these approaches. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the timing and amount of license fees, milestone and other payments, and the amount and timing of payments that we receive upon the sale of our products, to the extent any are successfully commercialized. If we fail to complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner or fail to obtain regulatory approval of them, our ability to generate future revenue, and our results of operations and financial position, would be materially adversely affected.  
  Research and Development Expenses  
  To date, our research and development expenses have related primarily to the development of our CID platform and the identification and development of our product candidates. Research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities, including compensation and benefits for research and development employees and consultants, facilities expenses, overhead expenses, cost of laboratory supplies, manufacturing expenses, fees paid to third parties and other outside expenses.  
  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Clinical trial and other development costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted work is performed. We accrue for costs incurred as the services are being provided by monitoring the status of the clinical trial or project and the invoices received from our external service providers. We adjust our accrual as actual costs become known. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone events are achieved.  
  We utilize our research and development personnel and infrastructure resources across several programs, and many of our costs are not specifically attributable to a single program. Accordingly, we cannot state precisely our total costs incurred on a program-by-program basis. 
  Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. However, it is difficult to determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of our current or future preclinical programs and clinical trials of our product candidates.  
  The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to, the following:  
             
    per patient clinical trial costs;  
                
    the number of patients that participate in the clinical trials;  
                
    the number of sites included in the clinical trials;  
     
   16 

     Table of Contents  

the process of collection, differentiation, selection and expansion of immune cells for our cellular immuno-therapies;  
                
    the countries in which the clinical trials are conducted; 
                
    the outcomes of our clinical trials; 
                
    the length of time required to enroll eligible patients;  
                
    the number of doses that patients receive;  
                
    the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients;  
                
    potential additional safety monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies;  
                
    the duration of patient follow-up; and  
                
    the efficacy and safety profile of the product candidates.  
     In addition, the probability of success for each product candidate will depend on numerous factors, including competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. We will determine which programs to pursue and how much to fund each program in response to the ongoing scientific and clinical success of each product candidate, as well as an assessment of each product candidate s commercial potential. 
  We expect our research and development expenses to increase over the next several years as we progress our business plan which includes conducting ongoing and new clinical trials for BPX-501, BPX-601 and BPX-701 and advancing additional product candidates into clinical development, manufacturing clinical trial and preclinical study materials, expanding our research and development and process development efforts, seeking regulatory approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, and hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts. 
  General and Administrative Expenses  
  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including share-based compensation, for personnel in executive, finance, accounting, business and commercial development, legal and human resources functions. Other significant costs include facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, legal fees relating to corporate matters, insurance costs and professional fees for consultancy, legal, accounting, audit and investor relations.  
  We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future to support our growth, expanding research and development activities, potential commercialization of our product candidates and costs of operating as a public company. These increases will likely include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel, facilities and fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, among other expenses.  
  Income Taxes 
    
  We did not recognize any income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

17 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations  
    
  Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
  The following table sets forth our results of operations for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015:  

Research and Development Expenses  
  Research and development expenses were   $13.3 million   and   $9.8 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The   $3.5 million   increase in research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was due to an increase in clinical and manufacturing costs of   $2.4 million   related to BPX-501, primarily due to increased patient enrollment in our clinical trials. The higher research and development expenses were also due to an increase of $0.4 million for IND enabling activities on our product candidates, BPX-601 and BPX-701, plus an increase of   $0.7 million   of general research and development costs, which includes personnel costs and allocated overhead costs. 
  Research and development expenses were   $36.5 million   and   $23.5 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The   $12.9 million   increase in research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was due to an increase in clinical and manufacturing costs of   $9.3 million   related to BPX-501, primarily due to increased patient enrollment in our clinical trials. The increase in research and development expenses was also due to an increase of $2.0 million related to IND enabling activities on BPX-601, plus an increase of   $1.6 million   in general research and development costs which includes personnel costs and allocated overhead costs.  
  The following table presents our research and development expense by project/category for the periods indicated:  

18 

     Table of Contents  

General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative, or G A, expenses were   $4.3 million   and   $12.7 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and   $3.9 million   and   $8.9 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increase in G A expenses of $0.4 million and $3.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, was primarily due to our overall growth, including an increase in costs related to personnel, higher facility costs and increased legal, accounting and travel expenses. 
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
  Sources of Liquidity 
  We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through equity and debt financings and grants. We have not generated any revenue from the sale of any products. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash, cash equivalents and investment securities of   $129.1 million   and   $150.4 million  , respectively. Cash in excess of near term requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to liquidity and capital preservation. 
  On March 10, 2016, we entered into a term loan arrangement with Hercules Capital, Inc. as agent and lender, and borrowed $15.0 million on the closing date.  We borrowed an additional $5.0 million on September 15, 2016, and, subject to the achievement of specified milestones in the loan agreement and approval by Hercules' investment committee, may borrow another $10 million through March 15, 2017.  We intend to use the proceeds to fund the build-out of our manufacturing facilities, and for general corporate purposes.   
  We are required to make monthly interest only payments through September 2017.  The interest only feature can be extended for an additional six months if we achieve specified milestones.  After the expiration of the interest only period, we are required to repay the loan over the remaining term of the loan, through its final maturity date of March 1, 2020.   
  We incurred issuance costs of $0.2 million, and have accrued an additional $1.4 million for a facility charge which is payable at the earlier of the repayment of the loan in full or the final maturity date.  The $1.6 million debt issuance costs will be recognized over the term of the loan as additional interest expense. 
  We will pay interest on the loan at the greater of either (i) 9.35% plus the prime rate as reported in the Wall Street Journal minus 3.5% and (ii) 9.35%.  For additional information about the loan, see Note 5 to the unaudited financial statements included herein. 
  C  ash Flows 
  The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Operating Activities 
  Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was comprised of a net loss of $49.3 million, which included share-based compensation expense of   $9.2 million   and depreciation expense of   $1.6 million  . Net cash used in operating activities also included an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities of   $1.2 million  , a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of   $0.5 million   and a decrease in receivables of     $0.1 million  .  
  Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was comprised of a net loss of $31.7 million, which included share-based compensation expense of   $5.9 million   and depreciation expense of   $0.8 million  . Net cash used in operating activities also included an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities of   $1.8 million  , an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of   $0.7 million  , and an increase in receivables of   $0.1 million  . 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was   $6.1 million  , consisting of the purchase of investment securities of   $26.1 million  , offset by the proceeds from sale of investment securities of   $25.8 million   and the purchase of property and equipment of   $5.8 million  . Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of   $76.0 million  , consisting of the purchase of investment securities of   $79.1 million  , offset by proceeds from the sale of investment securities of   $7.7 million   and purchases of property and equipment of   $4.6 million  .  
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was   $20.5 million  , which was derived from borrowings on long-term debt of   $20.0 million  , payment of debt issuance costs of   $0.2 million  , proceeds from the exercise of stock options of   $0.6 million   and proceeds of   $0.2 million   from employee purchases of common stock under the ESPP. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was   $0.4 million  , which was derived primarily from proceeds from employee purchases of common stock under the ESPP. 
  Funding Requirements  
  Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, compensation and related expenses, third-party clinical research and development services, laboratory and related supplies, clinical costs, legal and other regulatory expenses, facility costs and general overhead costs. In addition, we expect to use capital to expand our manufacturing capabilities.  
  The successful development of any of our product candidates is highly uncertain. As such, at this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of BPX-501 or our other current and future product candidates. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from the sale of product candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing medical treatments, including, but not limited to, the uncertainty of:  
             
    successful enrollment in, and successful completion of, clinical trials;  
                
    receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;  
                
    making arrangements with third-party manufacturers;  
                
    obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity;   
                
    launching commercial sales of our products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; and 
                
    market acceptance of our products, if and when approved. 
     A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates would significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate.  
  Because all of our product candidates are in the early stages of clinical and preclinical development and the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. Until such time, if ever, that we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings and collaboration arrangements.  
  We plan to continue to fund our operations and capital funding needs through equity and/or debt financing. We may also consider new collaborations or selectively partnering our technology. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our existing stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. Any of these actions could harm our business, results of operations and future prospects.  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Outlook  
  Based on our research and development plans and our timing expectations related to the progress of our programs, we expect that our cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through 2017. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Furthermore, our operating plan may change, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for product development and commercialization sooner than planned. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates and the extent to which we may enter into additional collaborations with third parties to participate in their development and commercialization, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, as we:  
              
    continue the research and development of our product candidates; seek to discover additional product candidates; seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates if they successfully complete clinical trials;  
                
    establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure and scale-up manufacturing capabilities to commercialize any products that may receive regulatory approval; enhance operational, financial and information management systems and hire additional personnel, including personnel to support development of our product candidates and, if a product candidate is approved, our commercialization efforts; and 
                
    incur additional costs associated with being a public company. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
    
  Our contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016   were as follows: 

(1) 
    License agreements   - We have entered into several license agreements under which we obtained rights to certain intellectual property. Under the agreements, we could be obligated for payments upon successful completion of clinical and regulatory milestones regarding the products covered by the licenses. The obligations listed in the table above represent estimates of when the milestones will be achieved. The milestones may not be completed when estimated or at all. See Note 12 to the audited financial statements included in our Annual Report. 
       
           (2) 
    Long-term debt obligations   - Obligations under our credit facility. See Note 5 to the unaudited financial statements included herein and Note 15 to the audited financial statements included in our Annual Report. 
       
           (3) 
    Operating lease agreements   - The amounts above are comprised of one five-year lease agreement and one 11-year lease agreement. The first lease expires on January 31, 2020 and the second lease expires on August 31, 2026. See Note 6 to the unaudited financial statements included herein and Note 12 to the audited financial statements included in our Annual Report. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

(4) 
    Manufacturing build-out obligation   - We entered into a construction contract to build-out our manufacturing facilities. The obligation listed in the table above represents the remaining agreed upon costs.  
       
           (5) 
    Manufacturing arrangements   - We have entered into a number of manufacturing service arrangements with various terms. The obligations listed in the table above represent estimates of when certain services will be performed. 
       
           (6) 
    Sponsored research agreements   - We have entered into a number of separate sponsored research agreements to undertake research which is of mutual interest to all parties. The various commitments range from 14 months to three years. 
       
           (7) 
    Preclinical studies   - We have entered into a number of preclinical studies with various terms. The obligations listed in the table above represent estimates of when certain services will be performed.  
       
           (8) 
    Capital lease agreements   - We have entered into a number of office equipment lease agreements with various terms. The commitments include equipment, maintenance and supplies. See Note 12 to the audited financial statements included in our Annual Report. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Note 2 to the Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements in  Item 1 - Financial Statements  in this Quarterly Report for discussion regarding recent accounting pronouncements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  During the periods presented, we did not have, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks    
    
  The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve our capital and meet our liquidity needs to fund operations. We also seek to generate competitive rates of return from our investments without assuming significant risk. To achieve our objectives, we maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and investments in a variety of securities that are of high credit quality based on ratings from commonly relied upon rating agencies. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash, cash equivalents and investment securities of   $129.1 million  . Our cash equivalents and investments in investment securities may be subject to interest rate risk and could fall in value if market interest rates increase. However, because our cash is invested in accounts with market interest rates and because our cash equivalents and investments in investment securities are traded in active markets, we believe that our exposure to interest rate risk is not significant and estimate that an immediate and uniform 10% increase in market interest rates from levels as of   September 30, 2016   would not have a material impact on the total fair value of our portfolio. 
    
  We sometimes contract for the conduct of clinical trials or other research and development and manufacturing activities with contract research organizations, clinical trial sites and contract manufacturers in Europe, and in the future potentially elsewhere outside of the United States. We may be subject to exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in connection with these agreements. If the average exchange rate between the currency of our payment obligations under any of these agreements and the U.S. dollar were to strengthen or weaken by 10% against the corresponding exchange rate as of   September 30, 2016  , we estimate that the impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows would not be material. We do not hedge our foreign currency exposures. 
    
  We have not used derivative financial instruments for speculation or trading purposes. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    
    
  Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of   September 30, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our latest fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

23 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    
    
  None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    
    
  Our business and results of operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the risk factors described under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report and in other reports we file with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
    
  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
    
  None. 
    
  Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering of Common Stock 
    
  On December 23, 2014, we completed the initial public offering of our common stock pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1(File Nos. 333-200328 and 333-201031), which was declared effective by the SEC on December 17, 2014. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have used the net offering proceeds from our initial public offering to fund operations, capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes and for debt repayment.  We are holding the balance of the net proceeds from the offering in cash, cash equivalents and investment securities.  There has been no material change in our planned use of the balance of the net proceeds from the offering described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on December 17, 2014 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. 
    
  Purchase of Equity Securities 
    
  We did not purchase any of our registered securities during the period covered by this Quarterly Report. 

Item 6. Exhibits    
    
  The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   24 

Table of Contents  

Signatures    
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Thomas J. Farrell 

Thomas J. Farrell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Alan A. Musso 

Alan A. Musso 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

25 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
      Exhibit  number 
      
    Description of exhibit 

3.1(1) 
      
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 

3.2(1) 
      
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 

4.1 
      
    Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2. 

4.2(2) 
      
    Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant. 

4.3(2) 
      
    Second Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated August 22, 2014. 

4.4(3) 
      
    Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Registrant and Baker Brothers Life Sciences, LP, and two of its affiliated funds, dated January 15, 2016. 

10.1 
      
    Fifth Amendment to Lease Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Life Science Plaza Investment Group, LP, as successor-in-interest to Sheridan Hills Developments, L.P., dated September 24, 2015. 

10.2 
      
    First Amendment to Lease Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Life Science Plaza Investment Group, LP, as successor-in-interest to Sheridan Hills Developments, L.P., dated July 11, 2016. 

10.3 
      
    Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Life Science Plaza Investment Group, LP, as successor-in-interest to Sheridan Hills Developments, L.P., dated September 26, 2016. 

31.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
      
    Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

(1) 
      
    Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2014. 

(2) 
      
    Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-200328), as amended, originally filed with the SEC on November 18, 2014. 

(3) 
      
    Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016. 

26 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exh101fifthamendment8thflo.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
  FIFTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT  
    
  THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (this    Fifth Amendment   ) is made and entered into as of the 24th day of September, 2015 (the    Effective Date   ) by and between SHERIDAN HILLS DEVELOPMENTS L.P. (   Landlord   ) and BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (   Tenant   ). 
    
  W I T N E S S E T H: 
    
  WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease Agreement dated June 1, 2012 (the    Original Lease   ), with a Commencement Date of December 17, 2012, whereby Landlord leased to Tenant 10,611 square feet of Net Rentable Area on the eighth (8th) floor, as indicated on the floor plan attached as   Exhibit A   to the Original Lease (the    Original     Leased Premises   )     in the office building located at 2130 West Holcombe Boulevard, Houston, Harris County, Texas 77030 (the    Building    and 
    
  WHEREAS, pursuant to the First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of September 13, 2013 (the    First Amendment   ), Tenant exercised the Hold Option provided for in Section 1.E of the Original Lease, pursuant to which the Hold Space (being that area containing approximately 3,644 square feet of Net Rentable Area on the eighth (8th) floor of the Building, as indicated on the floor plan attached as   Exhibit A-1   to the Original Lease) was added to the Original Leased Premises (the Original Leased Premises, together with the Hold Space, or a total of 14,255 square feet of Net Rentable Area, is hereinafter collectively referred to as the    Expanded Premises    and  
    
  WHEREAS, pursuant to the Second Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of June 20, 2014 (the    Second Amendment   ), the parties   inter alia   added an additional 5,869 square feet of Net Rentable Area of office space only on the eighth (8th) floor of the Building to the Expanded Premises (hereinafter referred to as the    Second Amendment Expansion Premises   ) and extended the expiration date of the Original Lease with respect to the Expanded Premises from December 16, 2017 to October 31, 2019 (the    Expanded Premises Extension Period   ), and Landlord granted Tenant an option (the    Hold Premises Option   ) on the portion of the 8   th    floor of the Building comprising 4,866 square feet of Net Rentable Area (the    Hold Premises   ), all as detailed in the Second Amendment; and 
    
  WHEREAS, pursuant to the Third Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of July 21, 2014 (the    Third Amendment   ), the parties set out the base rent applicable to the Expanded Premises during the Expanded Premises Extension Period; and 
    
  WHEREAS, pursuant to the Fourth Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of November 12, 2014 (the    Fourth Amendment   ), Tenant exercised the Hold Premises Option provided for in Section 2 of the Second Amendment, pursuant to which the Hold Premises was added to the Expanded Premises, the parties   inter alia   added an additional 10,307 square feet of Net Rentable Area of office space only on the eighth (8th) floor of the Building to the Expanded Premises (hereinafter referred to as the    Fourth Amendment Expansion Premises   ) and extended the expiration date of the Original Lease with respect to the original Expanded Premises and the Second Amendment Expansion Premises from October 31, 2019 to January 31, 2020, the same day the Term expires for the Hold  

Premises and Fourth Amendment Expansion Premises (the Original Lease, as amended by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment and the Fourth Amendment, is hereinafter collectively referred to as the    Lease    and 
    
  WHEREAS, the parties now wish to further clarify (i) the exact square feet of Net Rentable Area for all space Tenant is leasing pursuant to the Lease, (ii) stipulate the correct Base Rent schedule for such space, (iii) clarify the commencement date and expiration date of certain space, (iv) clarify the renewal options granted to Tenant, (v) establish the amount of the Security Deposit being held by Landlord, (vi) confirm the exercise of certain rights by Tenant and (vii) confirm that all tenant improvement allowances have been paid in full by Landlord. 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Ten and No/100 Dollars ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
    
  1.  Leased Premises  .      Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, including on any exhibit thereto, Landlord and Tenant stipulate and agree that the entire premises leased by Tenant from Landlord pursuant to the Lease (the    Leased Premises   ) consists of 35,251 square feet of Net Rentable Area on the eighth (8th) floor of the Building comprised of the following space: 
    
  (i)    The Original Leased Premises, which originally consisted of 10,611 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on Exhibit A to the Original Lease, was re-measured as of February 1, 2015 and now consists of 10,571 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit A   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 
    
  (ii)    The Hold Space, which originally consisted of 3,644 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on Exhibit A-1 to the Original Lease, was re-measured as of February 1, 2015 and now consists of 3,637 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit B   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 
    
  (iii)     The Second Amendment Expansion Premises, which consists of 5,869 square feet of Net Rentable Area is comprised of the following: 
    
  A.    2,378 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit C   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 
    
  B.    1,407 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit D   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 
    
  C.    2,084 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit E   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 
    
  (iv)    The Hold Premises, which consists of 4,866 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit F   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 

- 2 - 

(v)    The Fourth Amendment Expansion Premises, which consists of 10,307 square feet of Net Rentable Area is comprised of the following: 
    
  A.    525 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit G   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 
    
  B.    77 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit H   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 
    
  C.    7,574 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit I   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; 
    
  D.    263 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit J   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes; and 
    
  E.    1,868 square feet of Net Rentable Area as depicted on   Exhibit K   attached hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes. 
    
  2.  Commencement Date  .   Notwithstanding anything in the Second Amendment or Fourth Amendment to the contrary, the Term of the Lease with respect to the Second Amendment Expansion Premises, the Hold Premises and the Fourth Amendment Expansion Premises commenced on February 1, 2015.  Furthermore, the initial Term with respect to the entire Leased Premises shall expire on January 31, 2020.   
    
  3.   Net  Base Rent  .   All Base Rent schedules set forth in the Lease, including any related to any extended terms, are hereby deleted in their entirety.  Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, Tenant covenants and agrees and promises to pay Landlord, on a  net  basis, Base Rent for the Original Leased Premises according to the following schedule: 

- 3 - 

Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, Tenant covenants and agrees and promises to pay Landlord, on a  net  basis, Base Rent for the Hold Space according to the following schedule: 

Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, Tenant covenants and agrees and promises to pay Landlord, on a  net  basis, Base Rent for the entire Leased Premises according to the following schedule: 

Landlord acknowledges and agrees that Tenant has paid all Base Rent required to be paid under the Lease for the Leased Premises through September 30, 2015. 

- 4 - 

4.     Renewal Options  .   
    
  (a)    The renewal options granted in Section 6 of the Second Amendment and Section 6 of the Fourth Amendment are hereby deleted in their entirety.  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Tenant s sole Renewal Options are as set forth in Section 50 of the Original Lease, shall apply to the entire Leased Premises (35,251 square feet of Net Rentable Area) and may only be exercised with respect to the entire Leased Premises.  The first Extended Term, if the first Renewal Option is exercised by Tenant in accordance with Section 50 of the Original Lease, shall commence on February 1, 2020.  
    
  (b)    The first sentence of Section 50.A of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
    
   The Renewal Options may only be exercised by Tenant giving irrevocable written notice thereof to Landlord no later than six (6) months prior to the commencement of the Extended Term arising from the Renewal Option being exercised.  
    
  5.  Security Deposit  .  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the total Security Deposit being held by Landlord pursuant to the Lease is $85,924.31. 
    
  6.  Right of First Refusal and Preferential Right to Lease  .  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Tenant has exercised its rights under Section 10 of the Second Amendment and such provisions shall have no further force and effect. 
    
  7.  Allowance  .  All tenant improvement allowances, including, without limitation, those allowances set forth in Exhibit G to the Original Lease, Section 3 of the First Amendment, Section 12 of the Second Amendment and Section 11 of the Fourth Amendment have been paid in full by Landlord to Tenant. 
    
  8.  Miscellaneous  .    
    
           (a) 
    Amendment to Lease  .  The parties acknowledge and agree that the Lease has not been amended or modified in any respect, other than by this Fifth Amendment, and there are no other agreements of any kind currently in force and effect between the parties.   
       
           (b) 
    Counterparts  .  For the convenience of the parties any number of counterparts hereof may be executed, and each such executed counterpart shall be deemed an original, and all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Facsimile or .PDF transmission of an executed counterpart of this Fifth Amendment shall be deemed to constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart, and such facsimile or .PDF signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of enforcement and construction of this Fifth Amendment. 
     
   - 5 - 

(c) 
    Entire Agreement  .  The Lease, as amended by this Fifth Amendment, sets forth all covenants, agreements and understandings among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no other covenants, conditions or understandings, either written or oral, between the parties hereto except as set forth in the Lease and this Fifth Amendment. 
              (d) 
    Full Force and Effect  .  Except as expressly amended hereby, all other items and provisions of the Lease remain unchanged and continue to be in full force and effect. 
              (e) 
    Conflicts  .  The terms of this Fifth Amendment shall control over any conflicts between the terms of the Lease and the terms of this Fifth Amendment. 
              (f) 
    Authority of Tenant  .  Tenant warrants and represents unto Landlord that (i) Tenant has full right and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Fifth Amendment; and (ii) the person executing this Fifth Amendment was authorized to do so. 
              (g) 
    Capitalized Terms  .  Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings attached to such terms under the Lease. 
              (h) 
    Successors and Assigns  .  This Fifth Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
              (i) 
    Governing Law  .  This Fifth Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, with venue in connection with any legal action thereunder being in Harris County, Texas. 
     
   - 6 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, executed by each party hereto on the date set forth beside such party's signature, to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
    
     Landlord    
    
  SHERIDAN HILLS DEVELOPMENTS L.P., 
  a Texas limited partnership 
    
  By:    Pouncet Sheridan, Inc., an Ontario,  
  Canada corporation, its general partner 
    
  By:            /s/ L. Lubin             
  Name:            L. Lubin             
  Title:              Authorized Signing Officer             

Tenant    
    
  BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.,  
  a Delaware corporation   

By:         /s/ Thomas J. Farrell         
  Name:    Thomas J. Farrell     
  Title:      President   CEO     
  
   - 7 - 

EXHIBIT A 

Exhibit A - 1 

EXHIBIT B 

Exhibit B - 1 

EXHIBIT C 

Exhibit C - 1 

EXHIBIT D 

Exhibit D - 1 

EXHIBIT E 

Exhibit E - 1 

EXHIBIT F 

Exhibit F - 1 

EXHIBIT G 

Exhibit G - 1 

EXHIBIT H 

Exhibit H - 1 

EXHIBIT I 

Exhibit I - 1 

EXHIBIT J 

Exhibit J - 1 

EXHIBIT K 

Exhibit K - 1 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exh102firstamendment5thflo.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 
    
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
  This First Amendment to Lease Agreement (this    First Amendment   ) is made and entered into by and between   LIFE SCIENCE PLAZA INVESTMENT GROUP, LP  , a Delaware limited partnership (   Landlord   ), as successor-in-interest to Sheridan Hills Developments L.P. (   Original Landlord   ), and   BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  , a Delaware corporation (   Tenant   ), effective on and as of the date on which the Landlord executes this First Amendment as set forth on the signature page hereto (the    Effective Date   ). 
  W I T N E S S E T H 
  WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are parties to that certain Lease Agreement originally entered into by and between Original Landlord and Tenant, dated as of May 6, 2015 (the    Lease   ), pursuant to which Tenant currently leases certain premises containing approximately 26,817 square feet of Net Rentable Area (the    Original Leased Premises   ), which consists of 25,304 square feet of Net Rentable Area of Manufacturing Space designated as Suite 500, 705 square feet of Net Rentable Area of Interior Mechanical Space on the fourth (4   th   ) floor, and 808 square feet of Net Rentable Area of Exterior Mechanical Space on the fifth (5   th   ) floor, all in the building commonly known as Life Science Plaza, located at 2130 West Holcombe Boulevard, Houston, Texas (the    Building   ), all as more particularly described in the Lease;  
  WHEREAS, Landlord has succeeded to all of the rights, interests and obligations of Original Landlord under the Lease; and   
  WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant now desire to expand the Original Leased Premises and further amend the Lease as more particularly described hereinbelow. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration paid by each of Landlord and Tenant to the other, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree that the Lease is hereby ratified and amended as follows: 
  1.  Definitions  .    All capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Lease, unless otherwise defined in this First Amendment. 
  2.      Expansion Space  .    Effective on and as of July 11, 2016 (the    Expansion Date   ), the Original Leased Premises shall be expanded to include (i) that certain 3,075 square feet of Net Rentable Area in the penthouse of the Building (the    Expansion Manufacturing Space   ), and (ii) that certain 253 square feet of Net Rentable Area of interior mechanical space on the first (1   st   ) floor of the Building (the    Expansion Interior Mechanical Space   ), as more particularly set forth on   Exhibit A   attached hereto and incorporated herein for all purposes (the Expansion Manufacturing Space and the Expansion Interior Mechanical Space, collectively, the    Expansion Space   ), for a term that is co-terminous with the existing Term of the Lease (e.g., August 31, 2020).  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that there is certain Building equipment currently located in the Expansion Manufacturing Space that will need to be relocated in order for the Tenant Improvements to be constructed.  Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, relocate such existing Building equipment from the Expansion Manufacturing Space to a location reasonably designated by Landlord  
  
   Page 1 

(the    Relocation Work   ).  Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently complete the Relocation Work promptly following the Effective Date.   
  3.        Confirmation of Leased Premises  .    Effective as of the Expansion Date, Landlord and Tenant hereby stipulate and agree that the term    Leased Premises    shall consist of 30,145 square feet of Net Rentable Area in the Building, and shall consist of both the Original Leased Premises and the Expansion Space. 
  4.        Condition of the Expansion Space  .    Tenant hereby agrees to accept the Expansion Space from Landlord in its existing  AS-IS,   WHERE-IS  and  WITH ALL FAULTS  condition, and Landlord shall have no obligation whatsoever to refurbish or otherwise improve the Expansion Space at any time during the Term of the Lease.  Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, construct the Tenant Improvements (defined in   Exhibit B  ) in accordance with   Exhibit B   attached hereto and complete the Relocation Work (defined above). 
  5.        Term.      Section 2.A   of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following substituted in lieu thereof: 
   A.  The term of this Lease Agreement (the    Term   ) shall commence on September 1, 2015 (the    Commencement Date   ) and, unless sooner terminated or renewed and extended in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, shall expire at 11:59 p.m. on August 31, 2026 (the    Expiration Date   ).  
  6.        Leasehold Improvements in the Original Leased Premises  .      Exhibit G   attached to the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the modified   Exhibit G   attached hereto.  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Landlord was originally obligated to construct the Original Leasehold Improvements (as defined in   Exhibit G  ), however Tenant now desires to manage and oversee the construction of the Original Leasehold Improvements (construction of which has not yet commenced) in accordance with the terms and provisions of   Exhibit G   attached hereto.    
  7.        Base Rent for the Original Leased Premises.    Tenant shall pay Base Rent for the Original Leased Premises in accordance with the existing terms and provisions of the Lease, provided that Base Rent for the Original Leased Premises for months 61 through 132 of the Term shall be payable as follows: 
  (a)        The Manufacturing Space Base Rent for months 61   132 shall be: 
  
   Page 2 

(b)        The Interior Mechanical Space Base Rent for months 61 through 132 shall be: 

(c)        The Exterior Mechanical Space Base Rent for months 61 through 132 shall be: 

Page 3 

8.        Base Rent for the Expansion Space  .    Tenant shall continue to pay Base Rent for the Original Leased Premises in accordance with the existing terms and provisions of the Lease applicable thereto; as amended herein; provided, however, commencing on the Expansion Date (as defined above) and continuing throughout the Term of the Lease, in addition to the Base Rent payable for the Original Leased Premises, Tenant shall also pay Base Rent for the Expansion Space as follows:  

9.        Renewal Option  .      Section 50   of the Lease is deleted in its entirety and the following substituted in lieu thereof: 
     SEC. 50 RENEWAL OPTION  .  Tenant shall have, and is hereby granted the option (the    Renewal Option   ) to extend the term of this Lease Agreement for one (1) additional period of five (5) years (the    Extended Term   ) upon and subject to the following terms, conditions and provisions: 
  (a)    The Renewal Option may only be exercised by Tenant giving irrevocable written notice (the    Renewal Option Notice   ) thereof to Landlord no later than twelve (12) months and one (1) day prior to the expiration of the Term.  If Tenant fails to give Landlord the Renewal Option Notice within such specified time period, Tenant shall be deemed to have elected not to exercise, and to have waived, the Renewal Option, which shall be of no further force or effect.  It is expressly agreed that Tenant shall not have the option to extend  
  
   Page 4 

the Term of this Lease Agreement beyond the Extended Term.  If Tenant exercises the Renewal Option, such Extended Term shall commence immediately upon the expiration of the Term (the    Extended Term Commencement Date   ).  Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, Tenant shall not have the right to extend the Term of this Lease Agreement pursuant to this Section 50 and such right shall automatically terminate and be of no further force and effect if, at the time Tenant exercises such Renewal Option or on the Extended Term Commencement Date, an Event of Default then exists under this Lease Agreement.  Tenant shall not have the right to assign the Renewal Options to any sublessee or assignee of the Leased Premises other than a Permitted Transferee, nor may any such sublessee or assignee (other than a Permitted Transferee) exercise the Renewal Option unless in connection with an assignment of Tenant s entire interest in this Lease Agreement.  
  (b)    If Tenant exercises the Renewal Option (in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this   Section 50  ), the Extended Term shall be upon, and subject to, all of the terms, covenants and conditions provided in this Lease Agreement except for any terms, covenants and conditions that are expressly or by their nature inapplicable to the Extended Term (including, without limitation, the right to renew the Term of this Lease Agreement beyond the Extended Term) and except that (i) the Leased Premises and all leasehold improvements relating thereto will be provided in the condition they exist (i.e.,  AS IS  and  WITH ALL FAULTS ) on the Extended Term Commencement Date, and this Lease Agreement shall be deemed to have automatically amended as of the Extended Term Commencement Date in accordance with this   Section 50  , (ii) Tenant and Landlord shall promptly (but in no event longer than fifteen (15) days after Landlord s submissions of the amendment to Tenant) execute and deliver an appropriate amendment of this Lease Agreement to evidence such terms as will apply following commencement of the Extended Term, and (iii) the annual Base Rent during the Extended Term shall be as follows: 
  (i)        The Manufacturing Space Base Rent for the Extended Term shall be: 

(ii)        The Interior Mechanical Space Base Rent for the Extended Term shall be: 
  
   Page 5 

(iii)        The Expansion Space Base Rent for the Extended Term shall be: 

(iv)        The Exterior Mechanical Space Base Rent for the Extended Term shall be: 

10.        Net Rentable Area in Building  .    Due to certain modifications in the Building and as contemplated by   Section 6.A   of the Lease, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease, as of the Expansion Date, the Building shall contain 341,181 square feet of Net Rentable Area for all purposes under the Lease. 
  
   Page 6 

11.        Additional Rent  .    Tenant shall continue to pay all items of Additional Rent for the Original Leased Premises in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Lease applicable thereto.  Commencing from and after the Expansion Date, Tenant shall also pay Additional Rent for the Expansion Space, including, without limitation, Tenant s pro rata share of Operating Expenses, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease,  Tenant s pro rata share  for the Leased Premises shall be 8.5987% (equal to 29,337 square feet of Net Rentable Area in the Leased Premises (excluding the 808 sf Exterior Mechanical Space)/341,181 square feet of Net Rentable Area in the Building) for all purposes under the Lease. 
  12.        Services and Utilities to Manufacturing Space and Expansion Space  . 
  (a)        Landlord and Tenant agree and acknowledge that Landlord is currently providing all of the Required Services (defined in   Section 7   of the Lease) for the Original Leased Premises in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Lease, and Landlord shall continue to provide the Required Services throughout the Term of the Lease in accordance with the terms of the Lease.  Currently, Landlord does not, and is not obligated to, provide any of the Required Services to the Expansion Space; provided, however, that Landlord will provide the Required Services to the Expansion Space upon Tenant designing, installing, connecting, and upgrading (if necessary) a system which ties the Expansion Space to the Building systems (at Tenant s sole cost).  Additionally, Tenant intends to engage in manufacturing operations in the Expansion Space, and such manufacturing operations require supplemental electrical and chilled water service significantly in excess of that currently provided (or required to be provided) by Landlord.  Landlord has agreed to permit Tenant to perform the necessary upgrades, all at Tenant s sole cost and expense, in accordance with the terms of this   Section 12  , and Tenant shall have the right to: 
  (i)        connect and expand the existing main switchboard in the fourth (4   th   ) floor main electrical room to add additional sections to the existing main switchboard (the    Main Switchboard Additions   ) as may be necessary to enable up to 2000 amps of electrical service for Tenant s use and operations in the Manufacturing Space, and to install electrical submeters, wiring, risers, transformers and electrical panels determined by Tenant as necessary or desirable to enable such connection of the electrical facilities in the Manufacturing Space to said existing branch bus riser, the specific locations of which shall be subject to Landlord s reasonable approval; and if any changes to the existing Centerpoint transformer are required as a result of Tenant s installation of the Main Switchboard Additions and delivery of the electrical service required by Tenant, then Tenant shall also be solely responsible for all costs related thereto; and 
  (ii)        connect the electrical facilities for the Expansion Space to the existing branch bus riser located on the tenth (10   th   ) and/or eleventh (11   th   ) floors of the Building and to install electrical submeters, wiring, risers, transformers and electrical panels determined by Tenant as necessary or desirable to enable such connection of the electrical facilities in the Expansion Space to said existing branch bus riser, the specific locations of which shall be subject to Landlord s reasonable approval. 
  
   Page 7 

(b)        Tenant has represented to Landlord that it shall require approximately 400 tons of standard chilled water in the aggregate for air conditioning, heating and ventilation of the Manufacturing Space and the Expansion Space.  Currently, Landlord is capable of only providing approximately 87.86 tons of the Building s current chilled water capacity (the    Current Capacity   ) to the Manufacturing Space in the Original Leased Premises.      Tenant shall be solely responsible for adding chilled water capability above the Current Capacity being provided by Landlord, and Tenant shall have the right to install, at Tenant s sole cost, an additional chiller (or chillers, if more than one chiller is approved by Landlord) with a capacity of up to 350 tons in total and related pumps, piping and equipment (collectively the    Additional Chiller and Equipment   ) to service the Manufacturing Space in the Original Lease Premises and the Expansion Space.  Landlord and Tenant agree to use good faith efforts to determine a mutually agreeable location for the Additional Chiller and Equipment and Landlord shall use its best efforts to locate the Additional Chiller and Equipment in the vicinity of the Building s existing water chillers; provided, however, Landlord shall ultimately have the right to designate the location of the Additional Chiller and Equipment in Landlord s sole but reasonable discretion.  Tenant shall be required to integrate the Additional Chiller and Equipment, at Tenant s expense, into the Building s existing chilled water system in a manner and using systems, equipment, manufacturers, and other specifications determined and designated by Landlord in its sole but reasonable discretion.  Landlord agrees to deliver the Current Capacity chilled water generated by the Additional Chiller and Equipment to the Manufacturing Space of the Original Lease Premises only.  Tenant agrees that Landlord shall only be obligated to deliver the Current Capacity and the chilled water actually generated by the Additional Chiller and Equipment as designed and installed by Tenant, and Landlord shall not be liable for any shortage of chilled water generated by the Additional Chiller and Equipment unless such shortage is a result of Landlord s failure to maintain and repair the Additional Chiller and Equipment as required hereunder (and in the event Landlord is liable, then Tenant s remedies therefor shall be governed by   Section 7(C)   of the Original Lease).  Tenant shall be solely responsible for all costs related to routing the chilled water to the Expansion Space.  Tenant, at Tenant s expense, shall be allowed to tap existing chilled water horizontal feeds at the northeast limits of the fifth (5   th   ) floor of the Building for the chilled water needs of the Manufacturing Space and the Expansion Space.  Upon such installation and integration, the Additional Chiller and Equipment shall be owned and maintained by Landlord and the repair and maintenance costs thereof shall be paid by Tenant as Additional Rent; provided, however, in no event shall Landlord be responsible for replacing the Additional Chiller and Equipment, including, without limitation, replacement due to the Additional Chiller and Equipment being at the end of its useful life, unless such replacement is necessitated by Landlord s failure to repair and maintain the Additional Chiller and Equipment as required hereunder.  All work related to the Additional Chiller and Equipment shall be performed by DPR Construction and/or its subcontractors.  
  (c)        Landlord acknowledges and agrees that during the Term (including any extension thereof), Tenant shall be entitled to capitalize the cost of the Additional Chiller and Equipment and the Main Switchboard Additions and shall be entitled to amortize or  
  
   Page 8 

depreciate the cost of any Additional Chiller and Equipment and the Main Switchboard Additions in accordance with generally accepted accounting standards. 
  (d)        Tenant shall submit detailed plans, drawings, and specifications relating to the Main Switchboard Additions and the Additional Chiller and Equipment to Landlord for Landlord s written approval prior to commencing any such work.  Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the Main Switchboard Additions and the Additional Chiller and Equipment are significant upgrades that affect Building systems and could impact other tenants in the Building.  Therefore, Landlord shall have the right to withhold its approval to any proposed plans, drawings or specifications, or any portion thereof, relating to the Main Switchboard Additions and Additional Chiller and Equipment in Landlord s sole but reasonable discretion.  Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to review Tenant s proposed plans and approve the plans or provide written comments within fifteen (15) days.  Landlord also reserves the right to require Tenant to provide more specific information and/or details regarding Tenant s proposed plans.  Tenant shall have the right to commence work in connection with the Main Switchboard Additions and the Additional Chiller and Equipment only after receiving Landlord s written approval to the respective plans relating thereto.  The Main Switchboard Additions and the Additional Chiller and Equipment work shall (i) utilize Landlord s Building-standard materials and methods of construction, (ii) be compatible with the shell and core improvements and the design, construction and equipment of the Expansion Space and the Original Leased Premises, (iii) comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes and ordinances, and (iv) shall, except as otherwise expressly provided in this   Section 12  , be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in   Section 10   of the Lease.  Tenant s contract with the contractor performing the Additional Chiller Equipment and Main Switchboard Additions work shall name Landlord as a beneficiary of (and a party entitled to enforce) all of the warranties of the Tenant s contractor with respect to the work performed thereunder and the obligation of the Tenant s contractor to replace defective materials and correct defective workmanship for a period of not less than one (1) year following final completion of the work under such contract.  Tenant shall reimburse Landlord, within twenty (20) days after the date Landlord invoices Tenant therefor, for all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs of Landlord, including, without limitation, fees paid to third party consultants, relating to the monitoring, review and approval of the Main Switchboard Additions and the Additional Chiller and Equipment.   
  (e)        Landlord has not made, and disclaims, any representations to Tenant regarding the feasibility of the installation of the Main Switchboard Additions or the Additional Chiller and Equipment.  Subject to Landlord s obligation to maintain the Additional Chiller and Equipment as set forth in   Section 12(b)   above, Landlord shall not be responsible for any failure, interruption, or diminution of the upgraded electrical and chilled water service provided by the Main Switchboard Additions or the Additional Chiller and Equipment.  In addition, Tenant agrees that Landlord is making a substantial accommodation to Tenant by permitting upgrades that could affect existing Building systems.  Accordingly, Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless Landlord and its designated property management company, all of their respective officers, employees, representatives, insurers and agents (collectively,    Landlord Indemnitees   ) for,  
  
   Page 9 

from and against all liabilities, claims, fines, penalties, costs, damages or injuries to persons, damages to property, losses, liens, causes of action, suits, judgments and expenses (including court costs, attorneys  fees, expert witness fees and costs of investigation), of any nature, kind or description of any person or entity, directly or indirectly arising out of, caused by, or resulting from (in whole or part) Tenant s construction, installation, or replacement of the Main Switchboard Additions and the Additional Chiller and Equipment; EVEN IF SUCH LIABILITIES ARE CAUSED SOLELY OR IN PART BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY LANDLORD INDEMNITEE, BUT NOT TO THE EXTENT SUCH LIABILITIES ARE CAUSED BY THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF ANY SUCH LANDLORD INDEMNITEE.  This   Section 12(e)   shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease. 
  13.        Security Deposit  .    Tenant has heretofore delivered to Landlord the sum of $76,460.98 (the    Existing Security Deposit   ), and Tenant shall, concurrently with the execution of this First Amendment, deliver to Landlord an additional amount of $7,016.54 (the    Additional Security Deposit   ), which Additional Security Deposit shall be added to the Existing Security Deposit for a total of $83,477.52, in the aggregate, which amount shall be held as and in accordance with the terms applicable to the  Security Deposit  under   Section 4   of the Lease.    
  14.        Parking  .    Tenant shall continue to have its parking rights as set forth in the Lease in accordance with the terms and provisions applicable thereto, including, without limitation,   Exhibit C   of the Lease; provided, however, from and after the Expansion Date, subject to availability and upon thirty (30) days  prior written notice to Landlord, Tenant shall have the right to lease an additional eight (8) unreserved parking spaces, of which one (1) may be converted to a reserved parking space, at the applicable rates set forth in   Exhibit C   of the Lease.   
  15.        Balance Owed to Landlord  .    Tenant shall, within ten (10) days following the Effective Date, pay to DPR Construction all amounts owed under that certain construction contract (including any change orders thereto) dated November 16, 2015 for work which includes moving the construction management office to the fourth (4   th   ) floor.  Tenant also acknowledges and agrees that the five percent (5%) construction management fee payable under   Exhibit G   to that certain Lease Agreement by and between Landlord and Tenant dated June 1, 2012, shall be paid to Landlord (or Landlord s designated payee) within ten (10) days after the date Landlord invoices Tenant therefor.        
  16.        Brokers  .    Landlord and Tenant each warrants and represents to the other that each has had no dealings with any broker or agent in connection with the negotiation or execution of this First Amendment, and Landlord and Tenant agree to indemnify and hold the other harmless from and against any and all costs, expenses or liability for commissions or other compensations or charges claimed by any broker or agent, claiming by, through, or under such indemnifying party with respect to this First Amendment. 
  17.        Miscellaneous  .   
  
   Page 10 

(a)      Amendment to Lease  .  The parties acknowledge and agree that the Lease has not been amended or modified in any respect, other than by this First Amendment, and there are no other agreements of any kind currently in force and effect between the parties. 
  (b)      Counterparts  .  For the convenience of the parties any number of counterparts hereof may be executed, and each such executed counterpart shall be deemed an original, and all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Facsimile or .PDF transmission of an executed counterpart of this First Amendment shall be deemed to constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart, and such facsimile or .PDF signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of enforcement and construction of this First Amendment. 
  (c)      Entire Agreement  .  The Lease, as amended by this First Amendment, sets forth all covenants, agreements and understandings among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no other covenants, conditions or understandings, either written or oral, between the parties hereto except as set forth in the Lease and this First Amendment. 
  (d)      Full Force and Effect  .  Except as expressly amended hereby, all other items and provisions of the Lease remain unchanged and continue to be in full force and effect. 
  (e)      Conflicts  .  The terms of this First Amendment shall control over any conflicts between the terms of the Lease and the terms of this First Amendment. 
  (f)      Authority of Tenant  .  Tenant warrants and represents unto Landlord that (i) Tenant has full right and authority to execute, deliver and perform this First Amendment; and (ii) the person executing this First Amendment was authorized to do so. 
  (g)      Capitalized Terms  .  Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings attached to such terms under the Lease. 
  (h)      Successors and Assigns  .  This First Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
  (i)      Governing Law  .  This First Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, with venue in connection with any legal action thereunder being in Harris County, Texas. 
    
  [SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

Page 11 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT                
                BY AND BETWEEN LIFE SCIENCE PLAZA INVESTMENT GROUP, LP, AS LANDLORD,           
  AND BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., AS TENANT                 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant, acting herein by duly authorized individuals, have caused these presents to be executed as of the Effective Date set forth herein. 
    
  LANDLORD  : 
    
  LIFE SCIENCE PLAZA INVESTMENT GROUP, LP  , 
  a Delaware limited partnership, 
    
  By:    Life Science Plaza GP, Inc., 
  a Delaware corporation,  
  its general partner 

By:      /s/ Samuel De Poy 
  Samuel DePoy,                   Secretary 
    
  Date:       July 11, 2016 

TENANT  : 
    
  BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 
  a Delaware corporation 

By:      /s/ Thomas J. Farrell 
  Name:      Thomas J. Farrell 
  Title:      President   CEO 
    
  Date:      11th July, 2016 
    
  [  End of signatures  ] 

Page 12 

EXHIBIT A 
  EXPANSION SPACE: 
  (a) Expansion Manufacturing Space 
  
  (b) Expansion Interior Mechanical Space     
  
   Page 13 

EXHIBIT B 
  WORK LETTER  
    
  1.        Work by Tenant  .  Tenant shall cause to be constructed and/or installed, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, in the Expansion Space the permanent leasehold improvements and tenant finish desired by Tenant and approved by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed (the    Tenant Improvements   ). The leasehold construction shall be performed pursuant to a cost-plus contract, subject to Landlord s reasonable approval, entered into by Tenant with DPR Construction as the general contractor. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Landlord has no obligation to construct any improvements in the Expansion Space, provide any allowance in connection with the Tenant Improvements, or prepare the Expansion Space for Tenant s use or occupancy in any way, it being understood Tenant shall be solely responsible for performing and paying for all such improvements and work 
  2.        Planning and Construction  . 
  (a)    Landlord and Tenant shall cooperate in good faith in the planning and construction of the Tenant Improvements.  Tenant shall engage Landlord s mechanical/electrical/plumbing and/or structural engineering consultants as Tenant s consultants, and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for its reasonable, out-of-pocket third-party fee charges for review of Tenant s plans and documents by the consultants so engaged. 
  Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall cause its architect and engineers (for purposes of this   Exhibit B  , the    Design Professionals   ) to prepare a set of space plans (for purposes of this   Exhibit B  , the    Proposed Space Plans   ) for the Tenant Improvements and submit the same to Landlord for its review and approval within fourteen (14) days following the Effective Date.  Within ten (10) business days after delivery of the Proposed Space Plans to Landlord, Landlord shall either approve the Proposed Space Plans or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Proposed Space Plans that Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor; provided, however, Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold or delay its approval of the Proposed Space Plans so long as Tenant shall not make (i) any structural alterations, improvements or additions to the Expansion Space, or (ii) any alterations, improvements or additions to the Expansion Space which, (a) will adversely impact the Building s mechanical, electrical or heating, ventilation or air conditioning systems, or (b) will adversely impact the structure of the Building, or (c) are visible from the exterior of the Expansion Space, or (d) which will result in the penetration or puncturing of the roof or floor (and consent or approval for items in romanette (i) and (ii) above shall be in the Landlord s sole and absolute discretion).  If Landlord disapproves the Proposed Space Plans, Tenant shall cause the Design Professionals to revise and resubmit same to Landlord for approval within seven (7) business days (for purposes of this   Exhibit B  , the    Revised Space Plans   ).  Within seven (7) business days after delivery of the Revised Space Plans to Landlord, Landlord shall either approve the Revised Space Plans or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Revised Space Plans which Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  If Landlord disapproves the Revised Space Plans, Tenant shall cause the Design Professionals to further revise and resubmit same to  
  
   Page 14 

Landlord for approval within seven (7) business days, which process shall continue until the plans are approved.  Landlord shall have seven (7) business days after delivery of each set of Revised Space Plans to either approve the Revised Space Plans or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Revised Space Plats which Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  The Proposed Space Plans or Revised Space Plans, as approved by Landlord, are hereinafter referred to in this   Exhibit B   as the    Space Plans   . 
  (b)    Upon Landlord s approval of the Space Plans, Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, shall cause the Design Professionals to prepare construction drawings (in accordance with the Space Plans) and specifications including complete sets of detailed architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical and plumbing working drawings (for purposes of this   Exhibit B  , the    Proposed Construction Drawings   ) for the Tenant Improvements and shall deliver the Proposed Construction Drawings to Landlord for approval (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed unless the Proposed Construction Drawings affect (i) any structural alterations, improvements or additions to the Expansion Space, or (ii) any alterations, improvements or additions to the Expansion Space which (a) will adversely impact the Building s mechanical, electrical or heating, ventilation or air conditioning systems, or (b) will adversely impact the structure of the Building, or (c) are visible from the exterior of the Expansion Space, or (d) which will result in the penetration or puncturing of the roof or floor).  Within ten (10) business days after delivery of the Proposed Construction Drawings to Landlord, Landlord shall either approve the Proposed Construction Drawings or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Proposed Construction Drawings that Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  If Landlord disapproves the Proposed Construction Drawings, Tenant shall cause the Design Professionals to revise and resubmit same to Landlord for approval within seven (7) business days (for purposes of this   Exhibit B  , the    Revised Construction Drawings   ).  Within seven (7) business days after delivery of the Revised Construction Drawings to Landlord, Landlord shall either approve the Revised Construction Drawings or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Revised Construction Drawings which Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  If Landlord disapproves the Revised Construction Drawings, Tenant shall cause the Design Professionals to further revise and resubmit the same to Landlord for approval within seven (7) business days, which process shall continue until the plans are approved.  Landlord shall have seven (7) business days after delivery of each set of Revised Construction Drawings to either approve the Revised Construction Drawings or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Revised Construction Drawings which Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  The Proposed Construction Drawings or Revised Construction Drawings, as approved by Landlord, are hereinafter referred to in this   Exhibit B   as the    Construction Drawings   . 
  3.        Quality of Work  .  Tenant shall supervise the construction of the Tenant Improvements in conformance with the Construction Drawings and shall use its diligent good faith, efforts to cause the same to be constructed and installed in a good and workmanlike manner in accordance with good industry practice. 
  4.        Intentionally Deleted  .   
  
   Page 15 

5.        Intentionally Deleted  .   
  6.        Disclaimer of Warranty  .    TENANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE CONSTRUCTION AND INSTALLATION OF THE TENANT IMPROVEMENTS WILL BE PERFORMED BY AN UNAFFILIATED CONTRACTOR OR CONTRACTORS AND THAT ACCORDINGLY LANDLORD HAS NOT MADE AND WILL NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES TO TENANT WITH RESPECT TO THE QUALITY OF CONSTRUCTION THEREOF OR AS TO THE CONDITION OF THE EXPANSION SPACE, EITHER EXPRESS OF IMPLIED, AND THAT LANDLORD EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY THAT THE EXPANSION SPACE IS OR WILL BE SUITABLE FOR TENANT S INTENDED COMMERCIAL PURPOSE.  AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 27 OF THE LEASE, TENANT S OBLIGATION TO PAY BASE AND ADDITIONAL RENT HEREUNDER IS NOT DEPENDENT UPON THE CONDITION OF THE EXPANSION SPACE OR THE BUILDING OR PERFORMANCE BY LANDLORD OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND TENANT SHALL CONTINUE TO PAY THE BASE AND ADDITIONAL RENT WITHOUT ABATEMENT, SETOFF, OR DEDUCTION.  ANY APPROVAL GIVEN BY LANDLORD WITH RESPECT TO TENANT S CONSTRUCTION OR THE SPACE PLANS OR CONSTRUCTION DRAWINGS THEREFOR, AND/OR ANY MONITORING OF TENANT S WORK BY LANDLORD, SHALL NOT MAKE LANDLORD LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY FOR THE CONDITION, QUALITY OR FUNCTION OF SUCH MATTERS OR CONSTITUTE ANY UNDERTAKING, WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION BY LANDLORD WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF SUCH MATTERS.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY BREACH BY LANDLORD OF ITS DUTIES OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE LEASE.    However, Landlord agrees that in the event any defect in the construction of the Tenant Improvements are discovered, Tenant may seek to enforce any warranties of the contractor(s) and/or the manufacturer of any defective materials incorporated therein. 
  7.        Cost of Tenant Improvements  . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this First Amendment or the Lease, Landlord has no obligation to pay for any portion of the Tenant Improvements or for the planning, design or review of the Tenant Improvements, and all such costs shall be solely borne by Tenant.  Prior to the commencement of any construction of the Tenant Improvements or, as applicable, Tenant s contractor performing any change order work, Tenant shall in escrow, pursuant to an escrow agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Addendum 1 (the    Escrow Agreement   ) signed by Tenant, Landlord and Escrow Agent (as defined in the Escrow Agreement), as security for payment, one hundred ten percent (110%) of the budget (as set forth in the construction contract between Tenant and its general contractor) for the total costs related to and for constructing the Tenant Improvements (or implement the change order, if applicable) (such estimated cost, the    Work Cost    and the amount held in escrow under the Escrow Agreement, the    Work Deposit   ).  No more frequently than once per month, Tenant shall invoice Landlord for the portion of the Work Cost expended by Tenant.  Landlord shall submit a draw request to Escrow Agent  
  
   Page 16 

to pay the invoiced amount from the Work Deposit held by Escrow Agent within ten (10) business days thereafter; provided, however, Landlord s draw request to the Escrow Agent shall be made after each and all of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (i) the Tenant Improvements (or applicable portion thereof) shall have been completed in accordance with the Construction Drawings; (ii) Tenant shall have delivered to Landlord satisfactory evidence that all mechanics  lien rights of all contractors, suppliers, subcontractors, or materialmen furnishing labor, supplies or materials in the construction or installation of the Tenant Improvements (or applicable portion thereof) have been unconditionally waived, released, or extinguished; (iii) Tenant shall have delivered to Landlord paid receipts or other written evidence satisfactorily substantiating the actual amount of the construction costs of the Tenant Improvements (or applicable portion thereof); and (iv) Tenant shall not then be in default of any of the provisions of the Lease.  Tenant shall authorize Landlord to draw on the Work Deposit for the invoiced amount (plus any costs incurred by Landlord as a result of the draw), provided that the remaining amount of the Work Deposit shall at all times be at least one hundred ten percent (110%) of the then-projected Work Cost not yet expended. If Tenant pays the invoiced amount without requesting Landlord to make a draw upon the Work Deposit, Landlord shall approve a reduction in the amount of the Work Deposit, to an amount equal to one hundred ten percent (110%) of the then-projected Work Cost not yet expended.  
  8.        Construction Management Fee  .  Tenant acknowledges and agrees to pay Landlord, or Landlord s designated representative or entity, a construction management fee equal to two percent (2%) of the total costs and expenses of the Tenant Improvements, excluding  soft  costs incurred by Tenant, such as Tenant s interior architect and third-party consultants retained directly by Tenant, as well as Landlord s out-of-pocket costs to engage non-ordinary, third-party consultants for purposes of reviewing and monitoring Tenant s obligations under this   Exhibit B  . Such construction management fee shall be paid for by Tenant and included in the Work Cost, and may be deducted from the escrow provided for in the preceding paragraph; provided, however, the construction management fee shall actually be paid to Landlord s designated representative or entity.  
  9.        Builder's Risk Insurance  . Landlord shall cause the general contractor to obtain and maintain Builder's Risk insurance on an  all risk  basis and on a completed value form including a Permission to Complete and Occupy endorsement, for full replacement value of, the Tenant Improvements, such policy naming Landlord and Tenant as additional insureds. The cost of such insurance shall be paid for by Tenant and included in the Work Cost. 
  10.        No Liens; Indemnification  .  Tenant shall have no authority to place any lien upon the Expansion Space, or the Building, or any portion thereof or interest therein, nor shall Tenant have any authority in any way to bind Landlord, and any attempt to do so shall be void and of no effect.  If, because of any actual or alleged act or omission of Tenant, or its contractor, or any subcontractors or materialmen, any lien, affidavit, charge or order for the payment of money shall be filed against Landlord, the Expansion Space, the Building, or any portion thereof or interest therein, whether or not such lien, affidavit, charge or order  
  
   Page 17 

is valid or enforceable, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, cause the same to be discharged of record by payment, bonding or otherwise no later than fifteen (15) days after notice to Tenant of the filing thereof, but in any event prior to the foreclosure thereof.  With respect to the contract for labor or materials for construction of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant acts as principal and not as the agent of Landlord.  Landlord expressly disclaims liability for the cost of labor performed for or supplies or materials furnished to Tenant.  Landlord may post one or more  notices of non-responsibility  for Tenant s work on the Building.  No contractor of Tenant is intended to be a third-party beneficiary with respect to the Work Deposit, or the agreement of Landlord to make such Work Deposit available for payment of or reimbursement for the costs of construction of the Tenant Improvements.  Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Landlord, the Expansion Space and the Building, harmless from all claims (including all costs and expenses of defending against such claims) arising or alleged to arise from any act or omission of Tenant or Tenant s agents, employees, contractor, subcontractors, suppliers, materialmen, architects, designers, surveyors, engineers, consultants, laborers, or invitees, or arising from any bodily injury or property damage occurring or alleged to have occurred incident to any of the work to be performed by Tenant or its contractors or subcontractors with respect to the Expansion Space.  Any default by Tenant under this   Exhibit B   shall constitute a default by Tenant under the Lease for all purposes.  
  11.        General Requirements  .  All of Tenant s construction with respect to the Expansion Space shall be performed in substantial compliance with this   Exhibit B   and the Construction Drawings therefor previously approved in writing by Landlord (and any changes thereto approved by Landlord as herein provided), utilizing only new materials.  All such work shall be performed by Tenant in strict compliance with all applicable building codes, regulations and all other legal requirements.  All materials utilized in the construction of Tenant s work must be confined to within the Expansion Space.  All trash and construction debris not located wholly within the Expansion Space must be removed each day from the Buildings and its appurtenant areas at the sole cost and expense of Tenant.  Landlord shall have the right at all times to monitor the work for compliance with the requirements of this   Exhibit B  .  If Landlord determines that any such requirements are not being strictly complied with, Landlord may immediately require the cessation of all work being performed in or around the Expansion Space or the Building until such time as Landlord is satisfied that the applicable requirements will be observed.  Tenant specifically agrees to carry, or cause the contractor to carry, during all such times as the Tenant s work is being performed, insurance in compliance with Landlord s then-current insurance standards.   

Page 18 

EXHIBIT G      ORIGINAL LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS 
  1.      Work by Tenant  .  Tenant shall cause to be constructed and/or installed in the Original Leased Premises the permanent leasehold improvements and tenant finish desired by Tenant and approved by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (the    Original Leasehold Improvements   ).  The Original Leasehold Improvements shall be performed by DPR Construction (pursuant to a cost plus contract entered into by Tenant and DPR Construction which is reasonably approved by Landlord).  
  2.      Planning and Construction  . 
  (a)    Landlord and Tenant shall cooperate in good faith in the planning and construction of the Original Leasehold Improvements.  Tenant shall engage Landlord s mechanical/electrical/plumbing and/or structural engineering consultants as Tenant s consultants, and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for its reasonable, out-of-pocket third-party fee charges for review of Tenant s plans and documents by the consultants so engaged. 
  Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall cause its architect and engineers (for purposes of this   Exhibit G  , the    Design Professionals   ) to prepare a set of space plans (for purposes of this   Exhibit G  , the    Proposed Space Plans   ) for the Original Leasehold Improvements and submit the same to Landlord for its review and approval within fourteen (14) days following the Effective Date.  Within ten (10) business days after delivery of the Proposed Space Plans to Landlord, Landlord shall either approve the Proposed Space Plans or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Proposed Space Plans that Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor; provided, however, Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold or delay its approval of the Proposed Space Plans so long as Tenant shall not make (i) any structural alterations, improvements or additions to the Original Leased Premises, or (ii) any alterations, improvements or additions to the Original Leased Premises which, (a) will adversely impact the Building s mechanical, electrical or heating, ventilation or air conditioning systems, or (b) will adversely impact the structure of the Building, or (c) are visible from the exterior of the Original Leased Premises, or (d) which will result in the penetration or puncturing of the roof or floor (and consent or approval for items in romanette (i) and (ii) above shall be in the Landlord s sole and absolute discretion).  If Landlord disapproves the Proposed Space Plans, Tenant shall cause the Design Professionals to revise and resubmit same to Landlord for approval within seven (7) business days (for purposes of this   Exhibit G  , the    Revised Space Plans   ).  Within seven (7) business days after delivery of the Revised Space Plans to Landlord, Landlord shall either approve the Revised Space Plans or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Revised Space Plans which Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  If Landlord disapproves the Revised Space Plans, Tenant shall cause the Design Professionals to further revise and resubmit same to Landlord for approval within seven (7) business days, which process shall continue until the plans are approved.  Landlord shall have seven (7) business days after delivery of each set of Revised Space Plans to either approve the Revised Space Plans or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Revised Space Plats which Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  The Proposed Space  
  
   Page 19 

Plans or Revised Space Plans, as approved by Landlord, are hereinafter referred to in this   Exhibit G   as the    Space Plans   . 
  (b)    Upon Landlord s approval of the Space Plans, Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, shall cause the Design Professionals to prepare construction drawings (in accordance with the Space Plans) and specifications including complete sets of detailed architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical and plumbing working drawings (for purposes of this   Exhibit G  , the    Proposed Construction Drawings   ) for the Original Leasehold Improvements and shall deliver the Proposed Construction Drawings to Landlord for approval (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed unless the Proposed Construction Drawings affect (i) any structural alterations, improvements or additions to the Expansion Space, or (ii) any alterations, improvements or additions to the Expansion Space which (a) will adversely impact the Building s mechanical, electrical or heating, ventilation or air conditioning systems, or (b) will adversely impact the structure of the Building, or (c) are visible from the exterior of the Expansion Space, or (d) which will result in the penetration or puncturing of the roof or floor).  Within ten (10) business days after delivery of the Proposed Construction Drawings to Landlord, Landlord shall either approve the Proposed Construction Drawings or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Proposed Construction Drawings that Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  If Landlord disapproves the Proposed Construction Drawings, Tenant shall cause the Design Professionals to revise and resubmit same to Landlord for approval within seven (7) business days (for purposes of this   Exhibit G  , the    Revised Construction Drawings   ).  Within seven (7) business days after delivery of the Revised Construction Drawings to Landlord, Landlord shall either approve the Revised Construction Drawings or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Revised Construction Drawings which Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  If Landlord disapproves the Revised Construction Drawings, Tenant shall cause the Design Professionals to further revise and resubmit the same to Landlord for approval within seven (7) business days, which process shall continue until the plans are approved.  Landlord shall have seven (7) business days after delivery of each set of Revised Construction Drawings to either approve the Revised Construction Drawings or notify Tenant of the item(s) of the Revised Construction Drawings which Landlord disapproves and the reason(s) therefor.  The Proposed Construction Drawings or Revised Construction Drawings, as approved by Landlord, are hereinafter referred to in this   Exhibit G   as the    Construction Drawings   . 
  3.      Quality of Work  .  Tenant shall supervise the construction of the Original Leasehold Improvements in conformance with the Construction Drawings and shall use its diligent good faith, efforts to cause the same to be constructed and installed in a good and workmanlike manner in accordance with good industry practice. 
  4.      Intentionally Deleted  .   
  5.      Intentionally Deleted  .   
  6.      Disclaimer of Warranty  .    TENANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE CONSTRUCTION AND INSTALLATION OF THE ORIGINAL LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS WILL BE PERFORMED BY AN UNAFFILIATED  
  
   Page 20 

CONTRACTOR OR CONTRACTORS AND THAT ACCORDINGLY LANDLORD HAS NOT MADE AND WILL NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES TO TENANT WITH RESPECT TO THE QUALITY OF CONSTRUCTION THEREOF OR AS TO THE CONDITION OF THE ORIGINAL LEASED PREMISES, EITHER EXPRESS OF IMPLIED, AND THAT LANDLORD EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY THAT THE ORIGINAL LEASED PREMISES ARE OR WILL BE SUITABLE FOR TENANT S INTENDED COMMERCIAL PURPOSE.  AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 27 OF THE LEASE AGREEMENT, TENANT S OBLIGATION TO PAY BASE AND ADDITIONAL RENT HEREUNDER IS NOT DEPENDENT UPON THE CONDITION OF THE ORIGINAL LEASED PREMISES OR THE BUILDING OR PERFORMANCE BY LANDLORD OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND TENANT SHALL CONTINUE TO PAY THE BASE AND ADDITIONAL RENT WITHOUT ABATEMENT, SETOFF, OR DEDUCTION.  ANY APPROVAL GIVEN BY LANDLORD WITH RESPECT TO TENANT S CONSTRUCTION OR THE SPACE PLANS OR CONSTRUCTION DRAWINGS THEREFOR, AND/OR ANY MONITORING OF TENANT S WORK BY LANDLORD, SHALL NOT MAKE LANDLORD LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY FOR THE CONDITION, QUALITY OR FUNCTION OF SUCH MATTERS OR CONSTITUTE ANY UNDERTAKING, WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION BY LANDLORD WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF SUCH MATTERS.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY BREACH BY LANDLORD OF ITS DUTIES OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS LEASE AGREEMENT.    However, Landlord agrees that in the event any defect in the construction of the Original Leasehold Improvements are discovered, Tenant may seek to enforce any warranties of the contractor(s) and/or the manufacturer of any defective materials incorporated therein. 
  7.      Cost of Original Leasehold Improvements  .  Landlord shall pay all costs and expenses of the Original Leasehold Improvements (including labor, materials, construction management, architectural and engineering costs) up to the aggregate amount of $45.00 per square foot of Net Rentable Area of the Manufacturing Space only (i.e., 25,304 sf) (for purposes of this   Exhibit G  , the    Improvement Allowance   ).  Landlord shall pay any invoices for consultants engaged directly by Tenant out of the Improvement Allowance within thirty (30) days after delivery.  In the event that the cost and expense of constructing and installing any portion of the Original Leasehold Improvements (based on the budget set forth in the construction contract between Tenant and its general contractor) for the total costs related to or for constructing the Original Leasehold Improvements (or implement the change order, if applicable) exceed the Improvement Allowance (the    Excess Cost   ), then prior to Landlord s approving the construction contract with respect to the Original Leasehold Improvements or, as applicable, Landlord approving any change order work, Tenant shall deposit into escrow, pursuant to an escrow agreement in the form attached hereto as Addendum 1 (the    Escrow Agreement   ) signed by Tenant, Landlord and Escrow Agent (as defined in the Escrow Agreement), as security for payment, one hundred ten percent (110%) of the amount of Landlord s good faith, reasonable estimate of any Excess Costs (the    Deposit   ), based on Tenant s budget set forth in the construction contract between Tenant  
  
   Page 21 

and its general contractor.  No more frequently than once per month, Tenant shall invoice Landlord for the portion of the Excess Cost expended by Tenant.  Landlord shall submit a draw request for the invoiced amount from the Deposit held by Escrow Agent within ten (10) business days thereafter; provided, however, Landlord s draw request for payment from the Deposit shall be made after each and all of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (i) the Original Leasehold Improvements (or applicable portion thereof) shall have been completed in accordance with the Construction Drawings; (ii) Tenant shall have delivered to Landlord satisfactory evidence that all mechanics  lien rights of all contractors, suppliers, subcontractors, or materialmen furnishing labor, supplies or materials in the construction or installation of the Original Leasehold Improvements (or applicable portion thereof) have been unconditionally waived, released, or extinguished; (iii) Tenant shall have delivered to Landlord paid receipts or other written evidence satisfactorily substantiating the actual amount of the construction costs of the Original Leasehold Improvements (or applicable portion thereof); and (iv) Tenant shall not then be in default of any of the provisions of the Lease.  Tenant shall authorize Landlord to draw on its Deposit for the invoiced amount (plus any costs incurred by Landlord as a result of the draw), provided that the remaining amount of the Deposit shall at all times be at least one hundred ten percent (110%) of the then-projected Excess Cost not yet expended. In addition, in connection with payment or reimbursement of any of the Excess Costs, Landlord shall be entitled to use Tenant s funds from the Deposit prior to disbursing any portion of the Improvement Allowance.  If Tenant pays the invoiced amount without requesting Landlord to make a draw upon the Deposit, Landlord shall approve a reduction in the amount of the Deposit, to an amount equal to one hundred ten percent (110%) of the then-projected Excess Cost not yet expended.  
  8.      Construction Management Fee  . Tenant acknowledges and agrees to pay Landlord, or Landlord s designated representative or entity, a construction management fee equal to two percent (2%) of the total costs and expenses of the Original Leasehold Improvements, excluding  soft  costs incurred by Tenant, such as Tenant s interior architect and third-party consultants retained directly by Tenant, as well as Landlord s out-of-pocket costs to engage non-ordinary, third-party consultants for purposes of reviewing and monitoring Tenant s obligations under this   Exhibit G  .  Such construction management fee may be paid for by Tenant out of the Improvement Allowance.  
  9.      Builder s Risk Insurance  .  Tenant shall cause the general contractor to obtain and maintain Builder s Risk insurance on an  all risk  basis and on a completed value form including a Permission to Complete and Occupy endorsement, for full replacement value of, the Original Leasehold Improvements, such policy naming Landlord and Tenant as additional insureds.  The cost of such insurance shall be paid for out of the Improvement Allowance.  Tenant shall provide Landlord with certificates of insurance evidencing that Tenant and its contractor(s) are carrying the insurance required under this   Exhibit G  .    
  10.      No Liens; Indemnification  .  Tenant shall have no authority to place any lien upon the Original Leased Premises, or the Building, or any portion thereof or interest therein, nor shall Tenant have any authority in any way to bind Landlord, and any attempt to do so shall be void and of no effect.  If, because of any actual or alleged act or omission of Tenant, or  
  
   Page 22 

its contractor, or any subcontractors or materialmen, any lien, affidavit, charge or order for the payment of money shall be filed against Landlord, the Original Leased Premises, the Building, or any portion thereof or interest therein, whether or not such lien, affidavit, charge or order is valid or enforceable, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, cause the same to be discharged of record by payment, bonding or otherwise no later than fifteen (15) days after notice to Tenant of the filing thereof, but in any event prior to the foreclosure thereof.  With respect to the contract for labor or materials for construction of the Original Leasehold Improvements, Tenant acts as principal and not as the agent of Landlord.  Landlord expressly disclaims liability for the cost of labor performed for or supplies or materials furnished to Tenant.  Landlord may post one or more  notices of non-responsibility  for Tenant s work on the Building.  No contractor of Tenant is intended to be a third-party beneficiary with respect to the Improvement Allowance, or the agreement of Landlord to make such Improvement Allowance available for payment of or reimbursement for the costs of construction of the Original Leasehold Improvements.  Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Landlord, the Original Leased Premises and the Building, harmless from all claims (including all costs and expenses of defending against such claims) arising or alleged to arise from any act or omission of Tenant or Tenant s agents, employees, contractor, subcontractors, suppliers, materialmen, architects, designers, surveyors, engineers, consultants, laborers, or invitees, or arising from any bodily injury or property damage occurring or alleged to have occurred incident to any of the work to be performed by Tenant or its contractors or subcontractors with respect to the Original Leased Premises.  Any default by Tenant under this   Exhibit G   shall constitute a default by Tenant under the Lease for all purposes.  
  11.      General Requirements  .  All of Tenant s construction with respect to the Original Leased Premises shall be performed in substantial compliance with this   Exhibit G   and the Construction Drawings therefor previously approved in writing by Landlord (and any changes thereto approved by Landlord as herein provided), utilizing only new materials.  All such work shall be performed by Tenant in strict compliance with all applicable building codes, regulations and all other legal requirements.  All materials utilized in the construction of Tenant s work must be confined to within the Original Leased Premises.  All trash and construction debris not located wholly within the Original Leased Premises must be removed each day from the Buildings and its appurtenant areas at the sole cost and expense of Tenant.  Landlord shall have the right at all times to monitor the work for compliance with the requirements of this   Exhibit G  .  If Landlord determines that any such requirements are not being strictly complied with, Landlord may immediately require the cessation of all work being performed in or around the Original Leased Premises or the Building until such time as Landlord is satisfied that the applicable requirements will be observed.  Tenant specifically agrees to carry, or cause the contractor to carry, during all such times as the Tenant s work is being performed, insurance in compliance with Landlord s then-current insurance standards.   

Page 23 

ADDENDUM 1 
  FORM OF ESCROW AGREEMENT 
    
  ESCROW AGREEMENT 
    
  This Escrow Agreement ("Escrow Agreement") is entered into effective as of  _______      _____, 2016 by and among Charter Title Company (the "Escrow Agent"), Life Science Plaza Investment Group, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ( Landlord ), and Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Tenant ). 
    
  RECITALS: 
    
  A.    Landlord and Tenant are parties to that certain Lease Agreement dated June 1, 2012 ( Original Lease ), as amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated September 13, 2013, as amended by that certain Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, as amended by that certain Third Amendment to Lease Agreement dated July 21, 2014, as amended by that certain Fourth Amendment to Lease Agreement dated November 12, 2014 ( Agreement ), and as amended by that certain Fifth Amendment to Lease Agreement dated September 24, 2015. 
    
  B. The Agreement provided for the expansion of Tenant s then-existing premises and the construction of certain leasehold improvements to be made in the Additional Premises and Hold Premises (these terms and other capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Escrow Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement), at Tenant s sole cost and expense. 
    
  C.  Landlord has heretofore paid Tenant the Allowance required under   Section 11   of the Agreement, and Tenant is responsible for the Excess Cost (as defined in   Exhibit G   of the Original Lease) of the leasehold improvements.  
    
  D.    In lieu of directly paying Landlord the entire estimated Excess Cost, Landlord and Tenant have agreed to have Tenant deposit and escrow with Escrow Agent One Million Five Hundred Fifty Seven Thousand One Hundred Sixty and 27/100 Dollars ($1,557,160.27) ( Escrow Amount ).    
    
  E. Tenant has heretofore separately and directly paid the contractor performing the leasehold improvements Two Hundred Seventy Three Thousand Nine Hundred Fourteen and No/100 Dollars ($273,914.00) ( Previous Payment ) toward the Excess Cost of the leasehold improvements.  
    
  F.  The Escrow Amount is security for Tenant s payment of the balance of the Excess Cost to construct the leasehold improvements to Landlord, and the Escrow Amount represents one hundred and ten percent (110%) of the estimated Excess Cost of the leasehold improvements, as reduced in consideration of Tenant s Previous Payment to DPR Construction (  DPR ), the contractor performing the leasehold improvements.  
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and Escrow Agent agree as follows: 
  
   Page 24 

1. 
    Acceptance of Appointment by Escrow Agent  . The Escrow Agent hereby agrees to act as the escrow agent under this Escrow Agreement and acknowledges receipt of the Escrow Amount and agrees to hold and disburse the Escrow Amount pursuant to   Section 7   of   Exhibit G   to the Original Lease. 
              2. 
    Compensation of Escrow Agent  . The Escrow Agent acknowledges receipt of a fee from Tenant of $________ in consideration for its agreement to act as Escrow Agent under this Escrow Agreement. 
              3. 
    Investment of Escrow Amount  .    The Escrow Agent shall deposit the Escrow Amount in a federally insured interest bearing account(s) (Escrow Account) reasonably acceptable to Landlord, Tenant, and Escrow Agent.  All interest on the Escrow Amount shall be deposited in the Escrow Account and constitute a part of the Escrow Amount.  The Escrow Amount (including any interest thereon) shall be owned by Tenant until disbursed in accordance with this Escrow Agreement.  
              4. 
    Term  . The term of this Escrow Agreement shall commence on the date the Escrow Amount is received by Escrow Agent and shall continue in full force and effect until all of the Escrow Amounts have been fully disbursed as provided herein.   
              5. 
    Supplement of Escrow Amount  .  Landlord and Tenant agree and acknowledge that   Section 7   of   Exhibit G   to the Original Lease obligates Tenant to deposit additional amounts with Landlord if the reasonable estimate of the Excess Cost at any given time is greater than originally anticipated (whether due to a change order or otherwise), and in the event the projected Excess Cost exceeds the Escrow Amount, then Tenant agrees to promptly deposit such additional amounts as required under   Section 7   of   Exhibit G   to the Original Lease, and such additional amounts shall be deemed a part of the Escrow Amount.    
              6. 
    Disbursement of Escrow Amount  . Escrow Agent shall make disbursements of the Escrow Amount pursuant to the Agreement, and shall pay Landlord (or DPR, upon Landlord s request) from the Escrow Amount as and when the same would be required of Tenant under the Agreement, except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Escrow Agreement.  Only Landlord shall be authorized to submit a draw request to Escrow Agent, a copy of which shall be delivered simultaneously by Landlord to Tenant.  Landlord shall make draw requests only in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.  A disbursement shall be made by Escrow Agent to Landlord (or DPR, upon Landlord s request) within two (2) business days (such period, the  Objection Period ) after receipt of the applicable draw request; provided, however, that Tenant shall have the right to contest any such draw request by providing notice thereof to Landlord and Escrow Agent prior to the expiration of the Objection Period, in which event any amounts objected to shall be held by Escrow Agent.  Landlord and Tenant shall then in good faith discuss Tenant s objection, and attempt to reach a resolution within fourteen (14) days ( Negotiation Period ).  If Landlord and Tenant reach a resolution within the Negotiation Period, then Landlord and Tenant shall jointly agree in writing upon the agreed disbursement amount and instruct Escrow Agent to immediately disburse the same; if, however, Landlord and Tenant are unable to resolve Tenant s objection within the Negotiation Period, Landlord may make a second written request to Escrow Agent to release the amount objected to by Tenant and such amount shall be immediately disbursed to Landlord for payment  
     
   Page 25 

to the applicable contractor, supplier, subcontractor, or materialman, notwithstanding Tenant s continued objection. In the event Tenant separately pays Landlord for the Excess Cost, Landlord and Tenant shall jointly instruct the Escrow Agent to disburse the amount of such payment (or the entire Escrow Amount, if Tenant has paid the entire Excess Cost to Landlord) to Tenant within three (3) days; provided, however, Escrow Agent shall not reduce the Escrow Amount unless instructed in writing by both Landlord and Tenant.   
           7. 
    Final Draw Request  .  Landlord shall notify Tenant and Escrow Agent in writing of the occurrence of the Leasehold Improvements Completion Date (as defined in the Agreement) and shall promptly submit a draw request in accordance with Section 6 above for any outstanding invoices payable to the contractor (the  Final Draw Request ). In the event that any portion of the Escrow Amount remains unused following payment of the Final Draw Request by Escrow Agent to Landlord, such amounts shall be refunded to Tenant by Escrow Agent one hundred forty (140) days following the Final Draw Request, whereupon this Escrow Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, except for those provisions that expressly survive such termination. 
              8. 
    Reimbursement of Landlord s Costs  .  Tenant acknowledges that Landlord has accommodated Tenant s request to use Escrow Agent, and Tenant agrees to directly pay Landlord, within ten (10) days following receipt of an invoice from Landlord, for Landlord s reasonable, out-of-pocket costs (including reasonable attorneys  fees) related to establishing the Escrow Account and this Escrow Agreement.  
              9. 
    Rights, Privileges, Immunities and Liabilities of Escrow Agent  . The following shall govern the rights, privileges, immunities and liabilities of the Escrow Agent: 
       
  a.  The Escrow Agent is not a party to, and is not bound by, any agreements between Landlord and Tenant. 
  b.  The Escrow Agent shall act as a depository only and is not responsible or liable in any manner whatsoever for the sufficiency, correctness, genuineness or validity of the Agreement or Escrow Amount, or any part thereof, or for the form or execution thereof, or for the identity or authority of any person executing the Agreement or depositing the Escrow Amount. 
  c.  In the event the Escrow Agent becomes involved in litigation in connection with this Escrow Agreement or the Escrow Amount, Landlord and Tenant jointly and severally agree to indemnify and save the Escrow Agent harmless from all losses, costs, damages, expenses and attorneys' fees suffered or incurred by the Escrow Agent as a result thereof,  except with respect to action or omissions taken or suffered by Escrow Agent in bad faith, and willful disregard of this Escrow Agreement or involving gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud. 
  d.  The Escrow Agent shall be protected in acting on any written notice, request, waiver, consent, certificate, receipt, authorization, power of attorney, or other paper or document which the Escrow Agent in good faith believes to be genuine and what it purports to be. 
  e.  The Escrow Agent shall not be liable for anything which it may do or refrain from doing in connection with this Agreement, provided  
  
   Page 26 

that it acts in good faith and not in willful disregard of this Agreement or involving gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud. 
  f.  In the event of any disagreement resulting in adverse claims or demand being made in connection with the Escrow Amount, or in the event that the Escrow Agent, reasonably and in good faith, shall be in doubt as to what action it should take hereunder, the Escrow Agent may, at its option, refuse to comply with any claims or demands on it, or refuse to take any other action hereunder, so long as such disagreement continues or such doubt exists, and in such event, the Escrow Agent shall not be or become liable in any way or to any person for its failure or refusal to act, and the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to continue to so refrain from acting until (i) the rights of all interested parties shall have been adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) all differences shall have been adjusted and all doubt resolved by agreement among all of the interested parties, and the Escrow Agent shall have been so notified in a writing signed by all such parties. The rights of the Escrow Agent under this paragraph are cumulative of all other rights which it may have under applicable law or otherwise. 
  g.  Upon delivery of the Escrow Amount pursuant to the terms of this Escrow Agreement, the Escrow Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation under this Agreement and this Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect. 
    
           10. 
    Notices  . Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices, demands, requests, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and sent by (i) personal delivery, (ii) national courier service with proof of delivery, or (iii) United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the addressee at such party's address set forth herein, or to such other address as such party may specify by written notice, sent in accordance with this paragraph at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of the giving of such notice. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given and received either at the time of personal delivery, or in the case of mail, as of the date of deposit in an official depository of the United States mail, or in the case of delivery service, upon receipt. To the extent actual receipt is required, rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed address of which no notice was received shall be deemed to be receipt of the notice, demand, request or other communication sent. 
              11. 
    Binding Effect of Agreement and Assignment  . This Escrow Agreement shall be binding on, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Landlord, Tenant, and Escrow Agent.  
              12. 
    No Third Party Beneficiary  . This Escrow Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and is not for the benefit of any third party. 
              13. 
    Choice of Law  . This Escrow Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, and venue in any action arising under this Agreement shall be in a Court of competent jurisdiction in Harris County, Texas. 
              14. 
    Multiple Counterparts  . This Escrow Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
     
   Page 27 

15. 
    Amendment  . This Escrow Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by all three parties hereto. 
              16. 
    Time of Essence  . Time is of the essence of this Escrow Agreement. However, if the final date of any period which is set out in any provision or if this Agreement falls on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday under the law of the United States or the State of Texas in such event, the time of such period shall be extended to the next day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday. 
              17. 
    Invalid Provision  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be legal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future all laws, such provision shall be fully severable and this Escrow Agreement shall be construed and enforced as such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part of this Escrow Agreement. The remaining provisions of this Escrow Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be effected by such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provisions or by its severance from this Agreement. 
              18. 
    Entire Agreement  . This Escrow Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between Landlord, Tenant, and Escrow Agent relating to the matters recited herein, and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous, or subject to oral agreements of the parties. 
              19. 
    Number and Gender  . Whenever the context so requires, references herein to the singular number shall include the plural, and likewise the plural shall include the singular; words noting gender shall be construed to include the masculine, feminine and neuter, where appropriate. If any party to this Escrow Agreement consists of more than one person or entity, the obligations of each person or entity constituting a party hereunder shall be joint and several. 
       
  [Remainder of page intentionally blank; signature page immediately follows] 
  
   Page 28 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Agreement as of the dates set forth below, to be effective for all purposes however, as of the date first above written. 
    
  ESCROW AGENT  : 
    
  CHARTER TITLE COMPANY, 

By:           
  Name:           
  Title:           
    
  Date:     ___________________  __  , 2016 

LANDLORD  : 
    
  LIFE SCIENCE PLAZA INVESTMENT GROUP, LP  , 
  a Delaware limited partnership, 
    
  By:    Life Science Plaza GP, Inc., 
  a Delaware corporation,  
  its general partner 

By:                       
  Samuel DePoy,                   Secretary 
    
  Date:                , 2016 
    
  TENANT  : 
    
  BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 
  a Delaware corporation 

By:           
  Name:           
  Title:           
    
  Date:      _______________________  , 2016 

Page 29 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 exh103secondamendment5thfl.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 
    
  SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
    
  This Second Amendment to Lease Agreement (this    Second Amendment   ) is made and entered into by and between   LIFE SCIENCE PLAZA INVESTMENT GROUP, LP  , a Delaware limited partnership (   Landlord   ), as successor-in-interest to Sheridan Hills Developments L.P. (   Original Landlord   ), and   BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  , a Delaware corporation (   Tenant   ), effective on and as of the date on which the Landlord executes this Second Amendment as set forth on the signature page hereto (the    Effective Date   ). 
  W I T N E S S E T H 
  WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are parties to that certain Lease Agreement originally entered into by and between Original Landlord and Tenant, dated as of May 6, 2015 (the    Original Lease   ), as amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated July 11, 2016 (the    First Amendment  ;  the Original Lease, as amended by the First Amendment, hereinafter the    Lease   ), pursuant to which Tenant currently leases certain premises containing approximately 30,145 square feet of Net Rentable Area (the    Existing Premises   ), which includes 958 square feet of Net Rentable Area of Interior Mechanical Space on the fourth (4   th   ) floor and first (1   st   ) floor of the building commonly known as Life Science Plaza, located at 2130 West Holcombe Boulevard, Houston, Texas (the    Building   ), all as more particularly described in the Lease;  
  WHEREAS, Landlord has succeeded to all of the rights, interests and obligations of Original Landlord under the Lease; and   
  WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant now desire to expand the Existing Premises and further amend the Lease as more particularly described below. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration paid by each of Landlord and Tenant to the other, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree that the Lease is hereby ratified and amended as follows: 
  1.  Definitions  .    All capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Lease, unless otherwise defined in this Second Amendment. 
  2.      Expansion Space  .    On and as of the Effective Date, the Existing Premises shall be expanded to include that certain 212 square feet of Net Rentable Area of Interior Mechanical Space on the fifth (5   th   ) floor of the Building (the    Expansion Space   ), as depicted on   Exhibit A   attached hereto, for a term that is co-terminous with the existing Term of the Lease (e.g., August 31, 2026).   
  3.      Confirmation of Leased Premises  .    From and after the Effective Date, Landlord and Tenant hereby stipulate and agree that the term    Leased Premises    shall consist of 30,357     square feet of Net Rentable Area in the Building, and shall consist of both the Existing Premises and the Expansion Space. 
  4.      Condition of the Expansion Space  .    Tenant hereby agrees to accept the Expansion Space from Landlord in its existing  AS-IS,   WHERE-IS  and  WITH ALL FAULTS  condition, and  
  
   Page   1   of   5 

Landlord shall have no obligation whatsoever to refurbish or otherwise improve the Expansion Space at any time during the Term of the Lease.   
  5.      Base Rent for the Expansion Space  .    Tenant shall continue to pay Base Rent for the Existing Premises in accordance with the existing terms and provisions of the Lease applicable thereto; as amended herein; provided, however, commencing on the Effective Date and continuing throughout the Term of the Lease, in addition to the Base Rent payable for the Existing Premises, Tenant shall also pay Base Rent for the Expansion Space as follows:  

6.      Net Rentable Area in Building  .    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease, as of the Effective Date, to reflect the addition of the Expansion Space, the Building shall contain 341,393 square feet of Net Rentable Area for all purposes under the Lease. 
  7.      Additional Rent  .    Tenant shall continue to pay all items of Additional Rent for the Existing Premises in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Lease applicable thereto.  Commencing from and after the Expansion Date, Tenant shall also pay Additional Rent for the Expansion Space, including, without limitation, Tenant s pro rata share of Operating Expenses, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease,  Tenant s pro rata share  for the Leased Premises shall be 8.6554% (equal to 29,549 square feet of Net Rentable Area in the Leased Premises (excluding the 808 sf Exterior Mechanical Space)/341,393 square feet of Net Rentable Area in the Building) for all purposes under the Lease. 
  8.      Brokers  .    Landlord and Tenant each warrants and represents to the other that each has had no dealings with any broker or agent in connection with the negotiation or execution of this Second Amendment, and Landlord and Tenant agree to indemnify and hold the other harmless from and against any and all costs, expenses or liability for commissions or other compensations or charges  
  
   Page   2   of   5 

claimed by any broker or agent, claiming by, through, or under such indemnifying party with respect to this Second Amendment. 
  9.      Miscellaneous  .   
  (a)      Amendment to Lease  .  The parties acknowledge and agree that the Lease has not been amended or modified in any respect, other than by this Second Amendment, and there are no other agreements of any kind currently in force and effect between the parties. 
  (b)      Counterparts  .  For the convenience of the parties any number of counterparts hereof may be executed, and each such executed counterpart shall be deemed an original, and all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Facsimile or .PDF transmission of an executed counterpart of this Second Amendment shall be deemed to constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart, and such facsimile or .PDF signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of enforcement and construction of this Second Amendment. 
  (c)      Entire Agreement  .  The Lease, as amended by this Second Amendment, sets forth all covenants, agreements and understandings among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no other covenants, conditions or understandings, either written or oral, between the parties hereto except as set forth in the Lease and this Second Amendment. 
  (d)      Full Force and Effect  .  Except as expressly amended hereby, all other items and provisions of the Lease remain unchanged and continue to be in full force and effect. 
  (e)      Conflicts  .  The terms of this Second Amendment shall control over any conflicts between the terms of the Lease and the terms of this Second Amendment. 
  (f)      Authority of Tenant  .  Tenant warrants and represents unto Landlord that (i) Tenant has full right and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Second Amendment; and (ii) the person executing this Second Amendment was authorized to do so. 
  (g)      Capitalized Terms  .  Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings attached to such terms under the Lease. 
  (h)      Successors and Assigns  .  This Second Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
  (i)      Governing Law  .  This Second Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, with venue in connection with any legal action thereunder being in Harris County, Texas. 
  
   Page   3   of   5 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT                
  BY AND BETWEEN LIFE SCIENCE PLAZA INVESTMENT GROUP, LP, AS LANDLORD, 
  AND BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., AS TENANT 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant, acting herein by duly authorized individuals, have caused these presents to be executed as of the Effective Date set forth herein. 
    
  LANDLORD  : 
    
  LIFE SCIENCE PLAZA INVESTMENT GROUP, LP  , 
  a Delaware limited partnership, 
    
  By:    Life Science Plaza GP, Inc., 
  a Delaware corporation,  
  its general partner 

By:      /s/ Samuel DePoy 
  Samuel DePoy,                   Secretary 
    
  Date:         September 26, 2016 

TENANT  : 
    
  BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 
  a Delaware corporation 

By:      /s/ Thomas J. Farrell     
  Name:      Thomas J. Farrell     
  Title:      President   CEO     
    
  Date:      September 20, 2016 

[  End of signatures  ] 

Page   4   of   5 

EXHIBIT A 
    
  EXPANSION SPACE: 

Page   5   of   5 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exh3112016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Thomas J. Farrell, certify that: 
  1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 
  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
                     
    a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
        
    b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
        
    c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;  
        
    d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
                     
    a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
        
    b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Thomas J. Farrell 

Thomas J. Farrell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exh3122016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Alan A. Musso, certify that: 
  1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 
  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
                     
    a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
        
    b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
        
    c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;  
        
    d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
                     
    a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
        
    b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Alan A. Musso 

Alan A. Musso 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 exh322016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned, in their capacities as officers of the Registrant, do each hereby certify, that, to the best of such officer s knowledge:  
  (1)   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  (2)   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/  Thomas J. Farrell 

Thomas J. Farrell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
        
    November 9, 2016 

/s/  Alan A. Musso 

Alan A. Musso 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
        
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

November 9, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 blcm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 blcm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 blcm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 blcm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 blcm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 blcm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

