<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1470550_0001262463-16-001075_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1371133</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>53041</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>103379</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>268232</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>508689</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>400833</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001262463-16-001075.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114143829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001262463-16-001075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STAR CENTURY PANDAHO Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001470550
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				270491634
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53780
		FILM NUMBER:		161993786

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1980 FESTIVAL PLAZA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 530
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-628-8889

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1980 FESTIVAL PLAZA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 530
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Journal of Radiology, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090818

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001262463-16-001075.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 scpd93016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

   FORM
10-Q   

(Mark One) 
 x  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934  

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016  

or   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

  For
the transition period from __________ to __________  

Commission file
number  000-53780   

STAR
CENTURY PANDAHO CORPORATION   

  (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)  

(Former name
and former address, if changed since last Report)  

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    
No  o   

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   
 No  o  

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  o   

Large accelerated filer         
     o   
      Accelerated filer                  
     o         
 
      Non-accelerated filer           
     o   
      Smaller reporting company         

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o
 No    

As of November
14, 2016, the registrant had 68,708,924 outstanding shares of Common Stock.  

STAR CENTURY
PANDAHO CORPORATION   

   INDEX   

Page  
          Number    
 
       PART I.   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1    
      Financial Statements:  

Condensed Balance
    Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2016   
      5   

Condensed Statements
    of Operations for the Three months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
      6   

Condensed Statement
    of Stockholders  Deficiency for the Three months Ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
      7   

Condensed Statements
    of Cash Flows for the Three months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
      8   

Notes to Condensed
    Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      10   
 
      Item 2  
      Management's Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      14   
 
      Item 3  
      Quantitative and
    Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      17   
 
      Item 4T  
      Controls and Procedures  
      17   

PART II   
       OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1  
      Legal Proceedings  
      17   
 
      Item 1A  
      Risk Factors  
      18   
 
      Item 2  
      Unregistered Sales
    of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      18   
 
      Item 3  
      Defaults upon
    Senior Securities  
      18   
 
      Item 4  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      18   
 
      Item 5  
      Other Information  
      18   
 
      Item 6  
      Exhibits  
      19   

SIGNATURES   
      20   

EXHIBITS   

Forward-Looking Statements   

  This report
includes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the  1933 Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).
All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking statements  for purposes of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, including any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items, any statements regarding the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, any statements concerning proposed new products or services, any statements
regarding future economic conditions or performance, any statements regarding expected benefits from any transactions and any
statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the
use of terminology such as  may,   will,   expects,   plans,   anticipates, 
 estimates,   potential  or  continue,  or the negative thereof or other comparable terminology.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, there can
be no assurance that such expectations or any of the forward-looking statements will prove to be correct and actual results could
differ materially from those projected or assumed in the forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results
of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to inherent risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited
to, the risk factors set forth in  Part II, Item 1A   Risk Factors  below and for the reasons described elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. All forward looking statements and reasons why results may differ included in this report
are made as of the date hereof and we do not intend to update any forward-looking statements except as required by law or applicable
regulations. Except where the context otherwise requires, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the  Company,   Star
Century Pandaho Corporation, ,  the Company  ,  we,   us  and  our  refer
to Star Century Pandaho Corporation, a Nevada corporation.  

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

   ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

STAR CENTURY
PANDAHO CORPORATION   

   CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS      

STAR CENTURY
PANDAHO CORPORATION   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes  

STAR
CENTURY PANDAHO CORPORATION   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY   

   FOR THE THREE
MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes  

STAR CENTURY PANDAHO CORPORATION    
 
       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
 
      (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes  

STAR CENTURY
PANDAHO CORPORATION   

   Notes to Condensed
Financial Statements   

Three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Star Century
Pandaho Corporation ( the Company ,  SCPD ) was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 21,
2009. The Company was established as part of the Chapter 11 reorganization of AP Corporate Services, Inc. ( AP ).  

In January,
2015, Star Century Entertainment, Inc acquired 53.66% of total outstanding shares of the Company. In conjunction with gaining
control of the Company, Star Century Entertainment elected three individuals to be the Company s management, amended the
Company s Articles of Incorporation to (i) change the name of the Company to Star Century Pandaho Corporation (ii) effect
a 1-for-5,000 reverse common stock split and (iii) decrease the Company s authorized common stock to 150,000,000 shares,
par value $0.001. On May 20, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors and the majority shareholder amended the Company s
Articles of Incorporation to increase authorized common stock to 250,000,000 shares. All common stock share and per-share amounts
for all periods presented in these financial statements have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the reverse stock split.  

Pandaho the
Panda is a cartoon styled character. On May 22, 2015, the Company secured certain licensing rights to the Pandaho character and
brand though a licensing agreement with the creator of Pandaho, Ms. Liu Li. The Company s aim is to build Pandaho into a
competitive cartoon brand in China and surrounding areas with Pandaho-themed merchandise and multi-media exhibitions. Currently
the Company does not have any operations in China.  

Basis of presentation   

The accompanying
condensed financial statements are unaudited. These unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note
disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant
to such rules and regulations. Accordingly, these unaudited interim condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2016 filed with the SEC on September 28, 2016. The condensed balance sheet as of June 30, 2016 included herein
was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures, including notes, required
by GAAP.  

In the opinion
of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to fairly present the
Company s financial position and results of operations for the interim periods reflected. Unless noted, all adjustments
contained herein are of a normal recurring nature. Results of operations for the fiscal periods presented herein are not necessarily
indicative of fiscal year-end results.  

Going concern   

The Company s
condensed financial statements have been presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. For the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company incurred a net loss of $511,709 and used cash in operating activities of $7,483, and at September 30, 2016,
had a stockholders  deficiency of $1,778,930. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on
the Company s financial statements for the year ending June 30, 2016, expressed substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  

The Company s
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to develop additional sources of capital and to ultimately
achieve profitable operations. Currently, the Company does not have significant cash or other material assets, nor does it have
operations or a source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. Over the
next 12 months, the Company expects to expend up to approximately $50,000 for legal, accounting and administrative costs. The
Company s officers or principal shareholders have committed to making advances or loans to pay for these legal, accounting,
and administrative costs. The Company has not yet determined the amount of cash that will be necessary to fund its planned operations
in China.  

The Company
hopes to be able to attract suitable investors for our business plan, which will not require us to use our cash. No assurance
can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the
Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the
case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in case or equity financing.  

Estimates   

The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. The more significant estimates and assumptions by management include, among others, the accrual
of potential liabilities, and the assumptions used in valuing share-based instruments issued for services.  

Revenue    

Revenue is recognized
when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service has been delivered, and collectability
is reasonably assured. In transactions in which the Company brokers a sale and determines that it was not the primary obligor
in the arrangement, the Company records as net the commission earned from the transaction.  

Basic and
Diluted loss per share   

Basic loss per
share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common
shares during the period. Diluted loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss applicable to common stockholders by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued. Diluted loss per share excludes all potential common shares if their
effect is anti-dilutive.  

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
excluded the outstanding securities summarized below, which entitle the holders thereof to acquire shares of common stock as their
effect would have been anti-dilutive:  

Share-Based
Compensation   

The Company
may periodically issue shares of common stock, stock options, or warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising
transactions for services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting
to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided by the FASB whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of
grant and recognized over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees
in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement
date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary
performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized
over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements
by the non-employee, option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period
of the measurement date.  

The fair value
of the Company's common stock option grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the common stock options, and future dividends. Compensation
expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and based on actual experience.
The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future
periods.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

Fair value is
defined as the price that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid upon transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date and in the principal or most advantageous market for that asset or liability.
The fair value should be calculated based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability,
not on assumptions specific to the entity. In addition, the fair value of liabilities should include consideration of non-performance
risk including our own credit risk.  

In addition
to defining fair value, the standard expands the disclosure requirements around fair value and establishes a fair value hierarchy
for valuation inputs. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three levels based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring
fair value are observable in the market. Each fair value measurement is reported in one of the three levels which are determined
by the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels are:  

Level
1   inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.  

  Level
2   inputs are based upon significant observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices
for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant
assumptions are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the
assets or liabilities.  

  Level
3   inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques that include
option pricing models, discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques.  

  The estimated
fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable and accrued expenses are
carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments.
The recorded values of the convertible notes-related parties and non-redeemable convertible note approximates their fair values
based upon their effective interest rates.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers.  ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue
recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition.
ASU 2014-09 will require that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in
the contract. The ASU also will require additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and
cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from
costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December
15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only in annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
therein. Entities will be able to transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of
the date of adoption. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on the Company s financial statements
and disclosures.  

In February
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases.   ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently
evaluating the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures.  

In March 2016,
the FASB issued the ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The amendments in this ASU require,
among other things, that all income tax effects of awards be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled.
The ASU also allows for an employer to repurchase more of an employee's shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes
without triggering liability accounting and allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. The amendments
in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact
that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures.  

In August 2014,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,
 which provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. ASU
2014-15 requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events
raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods
ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures.  

Other recent
accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on
the Company's present or future consolidated financial statements.  

NOTE 2. COMPENSATION
AND ACCRUED COMPENSATION-RELATED PARTY   

Compensation-related
party and accrued compensation-related party represent amounts recorded for employment contracts with three executives and a consulting
agreement with a shareholder. Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, total annual compensation for services is $396,000 ( cash
compensation ), and the executives and shareholder have the option to accept shares of the Company s common stock
in lieu of cash based on a 50% discount to the average stock price, as defined. The option to accept shares of common stock in
lieu of cash is accounted for at the intrinsic value of the potentially issuable common shares and is subject to adjustment at
each reporting date based on the change in market value of the shares. At September 30, 2016, accrued cash compensation totaled
$663,507, which if the executives and shareholder elected to be paid in shares of common stock, would result in the issuance of
26,540,268 shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of $1,327,014. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, the
Company has recorded accrued compensation of $1,327,014. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded
$459,794 and $504,352 of compensation expense, respectively, related to these agreements, which included $99,813 and $98,729,
respectively, for the accrual of cash compensation, with the balance reflecting an expense for the value that could be paid in
shares of common stock.  

NOTE 3. ADVANCES   

The Company
from time to time borrows from our principal shareholders, or others, to pay expenses such as filing fees, accounting fees and
legal fees. These advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured, and generally due upon demand. At September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016, the Company was obligated for the following advances:  

NOTE 4. CONVERTIBLE
NOTES-RELATED PARTIES   

The notes are
unsecured, accrue interest at 10% per annum, are due through September, 2017, and are convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued two
convertible notes for total proceeds of $7,173, and interest of $4,183 accrued during the period on all notes was added to principal.  

At June 30,
2016, the unamortized discount on convertible notes was $34,942. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, $20,966 of
discount amortization is included in interest expense. At September 30, 2016, the unamortized discount on convertible notes is
$13,975, and is to be amortized through September 2017.  

NOTE 5. NON-REDEEMABLE
CONVERTIBLE NOTE   

On February
20, 2014, the Company agreed to exchange advances due an unrelated party, the original note holder, for a note for $68,000.
The note bears interest at 20% per annum, and is secured by all the assets of the Company. The note was originally due August
1, 2014 and has been was extended to August 1, 2017. The Company may prepay the note in readily available funds at any time
prior to the maturity date. The Company has the right to convert the note into shares of the Company s common stock at
any time prior to the maturity date at a fixed price of $0.05 per share of common stock. In January 2015, $25,000 of the
$68,000 principal and accrued interest was assigned to a related party of the Company by the original note holder. On July
31, 2015, the Company repaid $61,892 of principal and interest due to the original note holder. At June 30, 2016, the balance
of the note was $42,551. Interest of $629 was accrued and added to principal during the period ended September 30,
2016. At September 30, 2016, the face amount of the note, due to a related party, plus accrued interest was $43,180 and is
convertible into 863,600 shares of common stock. As it is the Company s choice to convert the note into shares of
the Company s common stock or to pay the note in cash, the note is presented below current liabilities on the
accompanying balance sheets.  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015

Company Overview   

Star Century
Pandaho Corporation (formerly Journal of Radiology, Inc.) ( SCPD  or  the Company ) was organized under
the laws of the State of Nevada on May 21, 2009. The Company was established as part of the Chapter 11 reorganization of AP Corporate
Services, Inc. ( AP ). Under AP's Plan of Reorganization, as confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Central
District of California, the Company was organized to own and develop a professional journal devoted to radiology.  

On January 8,
2015, two shareholders of the Company agreed to sell an aggregate of 216,000 shares of the Company s common stock, representing
53.66% of total outstanding shares at the time to Star Century Entertainment, Inc., an unrelated third party, and the Company
experienced a change in control. In conjunction with the change in control, three individuals were elected to be the Company s
management, and the Company s former President resigned. Effective January 16, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors
and the majority shareholder amended the Company s Articles of Incorporation to (i) change the name of the Company to Star
Century Pandaho Corporation (ii) effect a 1-for-5,000 reverse common stock split and (iii) decrease the Company s authorized
common stock to 150,000,000 shares, par value $0.001.  

On May 20, 2015,
the Company s Board of Directors and the majority shareholder amended the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase
authorized common stock to 250,000,000 shares.  

The Company s
headquarters are based in Las Vegas, Nevada with planned primary operation in Beijing, China. Our planned services, though to
be offered globally, will initially be focused throughout China, surrounding Asia-Pacific countries, the United States and Canada.
The Company s business plan includes the establishment of officially licensed and professional operated fan clubs for celebrities
and selected brands that will engage in event management, talent shows, brand and image licensing and associated product distribution,
music festivals, and multi-media productions such as movies, television shows and web channel content. Within our planned services
we also intend to utilize our license rights to the character and brand Pandaho, not only for the above referenced activities
but also for Pandaho (Panda) themed areas as well branding, toys, art, entertainment and e-commerce.  

Pandaho the
Panda is a cartoon styled character developed by Ms. Liu Li that is quickly growing in popularity and recognition throughout the
global Chinese community.  

On May 22, 2015,
the Company issued 40,000,000 shares of common stock to Lui Li as payment for the non-exclusive licensing rights in the  Pandaho 
brand and other related names and products. Immediately after the transaction Lui Li held 61.5% of the outstanding common stock
of the Company. Based on Li s 61.5% ownership percentage in the Company at the time, Li in substance controlled the Pandaho
intellectual property directly before and after the purchase of the Pandaho IP by the Company. Given this, the value of the intellectual
property recorded at the date of acquisition was carried over at the historical cost to Li of zero.  

The Company
is optimistic about the opportunity to utilize the Pandaho brand. The Panda image is a national treasure of China. The Company
plans to develop and launch appropriate commercial, philanthropic and cultural activities as a part of the comprehensive brand
development of Pandaho, the Panda. The Company believes that Pandaho, the Panda, brand is an excellent entry point for the implementation
of the Company s business plan.  

RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS    

THREE MONTHS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 COMPARED TO THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015   

REVENUE   

For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had $0 of revenue.  

OPERATING
COSTS   

Compensation
includes salaries, stock-based compensation expenses and benefits paid and payable to three executives of the Company and a shareholder
of the Company. Compensation was $459,794 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $504,352 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in compensation is due to employment contracts with three executives and a consulting agreement
with a shareholder entered into during May 2015. Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, total annual compensation for services
is $396,000. The executive or shareholder have the option to accept shares of the Company s common stock in lieu of cash
based on a 50% discount to the average stock price, as defined. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded
$459,794 of compensation related to these agreements, which included $99,813 for accrual of three months compensation, with the
balance reflecting an expense for the value that could be paid in shares of common stock.  

General and
Administrative expenses were $26,135 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $64,925 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. Administration comprise accounting, audit, legal and transfer agent costs related to SEC compliance and investor
relation expenses. The decrease in general and administrative expenses is primarily due to decrease in payroll taxes and consulting
fees.  

OTHER INCOME
(EXPENSE)   

Other income
(expense) includes interest expense of $25,780 and $15,011 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The increase in interest expense is due to additional convertible notes issued during past 12 months.  

NET LOSS   

Our net losses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $511,709 and $584,288, respectively. Our losses decreased in the current
year primarily because of compensation expense.  

LIQUIDITY   

As of September
30, 2016, we had cash of $610 and total liabilities of $1,786,207. Our current cash balance and cash flow from operating activities
will not be sufficient to fund our operations.  

The Company's
financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of
liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had a net loss of $511,709 and used cash in operating activities of $7,484, and at
September 30, 2016, had a working capital deficiency of $1,778,930 and stockholders  deficiency of $1,778,930. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s independent registered
public accounting firm, in its report on our June 30, 2016 financial statements, has raised substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

We expect to
be able to secure capital through advances from our officers or principal shareholders in order to pay expenses such as filing
fees, accounting fees and legal fees. Over the next 12 months, the Company expects to expend approximately $60,000 for such filing
fees, accounting fees and legal fees. The Company has not yet determined the amount of cash that will be necessary to fund its
planned operations in China. We hope to be able to attract suitable investors for our business plan. The inability to obtain financing
or generate sufficient cash from operations could require us to reduce or eliminate expenditures or otherwise curtail or discontinue
our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore,
to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such
securities may result in dilution to existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities,
these securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of our common stock and the terms of such debt
could impose restrictions on our operations. Regardless of whether our cash assets prove to be inadequate to meet our operational
needs, we may seek to compensate providers of services by issuing stock in lieu of cash, which may also result in dilution to
existing stockholders.  

OPERATING
CAPITAL AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURE REQUIREMENTS   

Our controlling
shareholders expect to advance us additional funding for operating costs in order to implement our business plan. The funds are
loaned to the Company as required to pay amounts owed by the Company. As such, our operating capital is currently limited to the
resources of our controlling shareholders. The loans from our controlling shareholders are unsecured and non-interest bearing
and have no set terms of repayment. We anticipate receiving additional capital once we are able to have our securities actively
trading on a public exchange. There is no guarantee our stock will develop a market on that public exchange.  

PLAN
OF OPERATION AND FUNDING   

  We
do not currently engage in enough business activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business
combinations for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be paid with amounts to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders,
management or other investors.  

        During
the next twelve months we anticipate incurring costs related to:  

        (i)
filing of Exchange Act reports, and  

        (ii)
costs relating to developing our business plan  

  We believe we
will be able to meet these costs through amounts, as necessary, to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management
or other investors.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements.  

   Critical
Accounting Policies   

Revenue  

Revenue is recognized
when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service has been delivered, and collectability
is reasonably assured. In transactions in which the Company brokers a sale and determines that it was not the primary obligor
in the arrangement, the Company records as net the commission earned from the transaction.  

Share-Based
Compensation:  

The Company
may periodically issue stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services
and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the
authoritative guidance provided by the FASB whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized over
the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance
with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as
determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance
to earn the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting
period on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee,
option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement
date.  

The fair value
of the Company's common stock option grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the common stock options, and future dividends. Compensation
expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and based on actual experience.
The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future
periods.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

See Footnote
1 of condensed financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards.  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

  Not
applicable.  

ITEM 4T. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

    Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

As required
by Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated
our company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of
the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by our company in reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities
Exchange Commission and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our company's management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The
conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective was due to the presence of the following material weaknesses
in internal control over financial reporting which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation
of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of both United States generally accepted accounting principles and Securities
and Exchange Commission guidelines. Management anticipates that such disclosure controls and procedures will not be effective
until the material weaknesses are remediated.   

We plan to take
steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses,
we plan to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending June 30, 2017, subject to obtaining additional financing:
(i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii)
adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out above
are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are
unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner.  

    Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

  There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

   PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION   

   ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

   NONE.   

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   

There have been
no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2016.  

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

  None  

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON
SENIOR SECURITIES.    

None  

   ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES   

  Not applicable  

   ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.

None  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.   

  Except as so indicated
in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2, the following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference, to this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q.  

SIGNATURES   

  In accordance with Section
13 or 15 (d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.  

STAR CENTURY PANDAHO CORPORATION   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Fen Xing    

Fen Xing  
          Chief Executive Officer,
        Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)    

<EX-31>
 2
 ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

STAR CENTURY PANDAHO CORPORATION 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Fen Xing certify
that: 

1.   I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Star Century Pandaho Corporation; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:  /s/ Fen Xing   

 Fen Xing 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

STAR CENTURY PANDAHO CORPORATION 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Fen Xing
certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Star Century Pandaho Corporation; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:  /s/ Fen Xing  

Fen Xing 

Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

STAR CENTURY PANDAHO CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Star Century Pandaho
Corporation (the Registrant) on Form 10-Q for the period  ended  September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Fen Xing, Principal  Executive 
Officer of the Company, certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the  requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906 has been provided to Fen Xing and will be retained by Star Century Pandaho
Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: November 14,  2016 

By:  /s/ Fen Xing  

 Fen Xing 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

STAR CENTURY PANDAHO CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the  Quarterly Report of Star Century Pandaho Corporation
(the Registrant) on Form 10-Q  for the period  ended   September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Fen Xing, Principal Financial Officer of the
Company, certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the  requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to Fen Xing and will be retained by Star Century Pandaho Corporation and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:  /s/ Fen Xing  

 Fen Xing 

 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 scpd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 scpd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 scpd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 scpd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 scpd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 scpd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

