<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161216_10-K_edgar_data_1409197_0001213900-16-019474_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2099576</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117904</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>128989</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>496639</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>772879</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>526744</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019474.hdr.sgml : 20161216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161216145118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019474
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DiMi Telematics International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				204743354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52759
		FILM NUMBER:		162056054

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		290 LENOX AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-633-3738

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		290 LENOX AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST QUANTUM VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Quantum Ventures Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019474.txt : 20161216

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_dimitelematics.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016  

Commission
File Number: 000-52759  

DIMI
TELEMATICS INTERNATIONAL, INC.    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada   
         
       20-4743354    
 
       (State
        or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation
        or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
        Employer  
          Identification
        No.)    

290
Lenox Avenue, New York, NY  10027   

  (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  

Registrant s
Telephone Number, including area code:   (855) 633-3738    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  None  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:  Common Stock, par value $0.001 par value  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    Accelerated Filer    
      Accelerated
    Filer     
 
      Non-Accelerated
    Filer    
      Smaller
    Reporting Company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No    

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the issuer, based upon the last sale price of the common
stock of the Company as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $391,774
..  

There
were 2,922,712 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 16, 2016.  

Documents
incorporated by reference:  None  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART I    
      1   

ITEM 1. BUSINESS   
      1   

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
     9  

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   
     12  

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES   
      12   

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      12   

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      12   

PART II    
      13   

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
      13   

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
     13  

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     13  

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     15  

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
      F-1   

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     16  

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION   
     17  

PART III    
     18  

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
     18  

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
     20  

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
     21  

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   
     22  

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   
     22  

PART IV    
     23  

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
     23  

SIGNATURES    
     24  

FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION   

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial
performance. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including  anticipates,   believes, 
 expects,   can,   continue,   could,   estimates,   intends, 
 may,   plans,   potential,   predict,   should  or  will 
or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions; uncertainties and other
factors may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels or activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we
believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements. Our expectations are as of the date this Form 10-K is filed, and we do not intend
to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed to confirm these statements
to actual results, unless required by law.  

PART
I    

ITEM 1.   
         
       BUSINESS.    

Background    

On
October 28, 2011, DiMi Telematics International, Inc. ( DTII ) entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  Share
Exchange ) with DiMi Telematics, Inc. ( DTI ) and its stockholders. Pursuant to the agreement, DTII issued 29,150,000
shares of its common stock in exchange for all outstanding shares and warrants to purchase common shares of DTI. As a result of
the Share Exchange Agreement, DTI became a subsidiary of DTII.  DTII assumed operation of DTI and entered the Telematics,
or Machine to Machine/M2M industry. On November 10, 2011, the closing of the Share Exchange occurred.  In connection
with the Share Exchange, 5,000,000 of DTII s issued and outstanding shares of common stock were surrendered for cancellation.  

The
following discussion includes information about the business operations, management and financial condition of DTII and DTI. Unless
specifically set forth to the contrary, when used in this report the terms  we,   us,   our, 
the  Company  and similar terms refer to DTII, a Nevada corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiary DTI, also a Nevada
corporation.  

General    

The
Company designs, develops and distributes Machine-to-Machine ( M2M ) communications solutions used to remotely track,
monitor, manage and protect multiple mobile and fixed assets in real-time from virtually any web-enabled desktop computer or mobile
device. Through our proprietary software and hosted service offerings, the Company endeavors to capitalize on the pervasiveness
and data transport capabilities of wireless networks in order to facilitate communications and process efficiencies between commercial
and industrial business owners/managers and their respective networked control systems, sensors and devices.  

Strategically,
the Company is focused on the M2M market segments in which we can provide highly differentiated and value-driven solutions capable
of unleashing tangible productivity gains, material cost reductions and quantifiable risk mitigation across an enterprise.  

Our
mission is to earn global distinction as the leading supplier of world class M2M communications solutions that empower our customers
to optimize efficiencies and productivity through remote tracking, monitoring, management and protection of their most valuable
assets.  

The
DiMi Solution Platform    

Our
flagship M2M solution is   DiMi ,  a proprietary, patent-pending, business intelligence and two-way communications
platform that captures and seamlessly integrates real-time data from networked tracking, monitoring, alarm and alert systems,
sensors and devices; and, in turn, centralizes this data onto an online command and control dashboard that is accessible 24/7
by a designated user or community of designated users through the secure  DiMi  Internet portal, found at   www.dimispeaks.com  .  

To
date, we have not yet commenced commercial marketing of  DiMi  and have not yet generated revenues from operations.  DiMi  is
to begin beta tested in anticipation of the initial commercial roll-out of version 4.0, which is anticipated will take place in
the third quarter of 2017. We have also instructed our outsource software developer to begin work on smartphone apps to work in
conjunction with version 4.0. For more information on our agreements with our outsource software developer for the development
of version 4.0 and corresponding smartphone apps to work in conjunction with version 4.0, see  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   

With
adoption of the  DiMi  M2M communication s  platform, users can remotely control, monitor, manage and
acquire data from their operational assets, providing the interface for lighting, temperature, humidity, keycard access, fleet
management and many other vital systems that impact the enterprise.  DiMi  uses established secure technology standards
(i.e. LONet, MODbus, BACnet and ELK) combined with a unique, proprietary software interface that keeps users connected to their
asset management and control systems through any web-enabled computer or mobile device.  

By
providing dynamic, real-time access to critical information from a wide array of new or legacy sensors, GPS tracking tools and/or
diagnostic devices   irrespective of their make, model or manufacturer,  DiMi  alerts or reports back to
its users via familiar communication tools, like instant messaging, email, HTML and text messaging. Users can even issue global
commands to its asset management and control systems through the  DiMi  software interface.  Moreover,  DiMi  leverages
the collected knowledge of a particular asset or assets and compares it to historical performance metrics and other critical benchmarks
through an integrated data management module, giving users insight that allows them to rapidly identify and implement proper preventive
maintenance measures, efficiency improvements and other key operational activities.    

Our
proprietary M2M solutions utilize a cloud-based, two-way communications delivery platform, marketed as   DiMi . 
 Leveraging the power, scalability and flexible turnkey advantages of  DiMi s  patent-pending software
and hosting platform, users are able to remotely track, monitor, manage and protect multiple mobile and fixed assets in real-time
from virtually any web-enabled desktop computer or mobile device while located anywhere in the world.   DiMi  features
a robust, customized interface that gives its users secure command and control functionality of multiple remote, connected sensors,
alarms and diagnostic devices. Moreover, the intuitive  DiMi  framework readily adapts to and integrates both new
and legacy monitoring/sensing equipment   irrespective of make, model or manufacturer   providing for simplified,
economical M2M deployments.  

Our  DiMi  solution
is currently being used to actively monitor property management systems in several high-rise commercial and residential buildings
in New York City   all beta sites which have served to demonstrate the efficacy of the  DiMi  technology
and M2M communications platform.  Moving forward, the Company intends to concentrate its  DiMi commercialization
efforts on marketing the solution to property management companies, commercial property developers, government/military installations,
industrial facilities, retail and restaurant chains, colleges and universities, fleet managers, and any business or institutional
concern with valuable fixed and mobile assets requiring remote surveillance, regular maintenance or general oversight.  

We
expect to deliver  DiMi  as a monthly, hosted service that puts critical information into the palm of its user s
hands with no major hardware investments. Our hosting platform can be tailored for each customer to create secure and reliable
end-to-end connectivity between their specific remote connected equipment and  DiMi  s proprietary web interface.
Once a new client s core M2M business needs have been confirmed, the Company will closely collaborate with the client to
design the organizational and process modifications required to ensure a successful  DiMi  launch, offering full
service project definition, management, user interface customization, implementation services and ongoing quality assurance and
testing.  

Uses
and Benefits of the DiMi Solution    

Based
upon the knowledge and experience of our executive management in real estate operations and management, we have initially targeted
the real estate management industry for initial commercialization of the  DiMi  Platform solution. Among the uses
and benefits of  DiMi  in the real estate industry are the following:  

Smart 
Facility Management   

Today s
buildings   whether residential, commercial, medical or otherwise   are sustained through operation of various utility
systems. Through these systems, electricity, heat, HVAC, water, lighting, security and other necessities, are provided to the
buildings.  

Some
conventional systems are controlled by human operators and, thus, require maintenance staff on-site or on-call to control, maintain
and otherwise operate such systems. Other systems may be controlled electronically or through a combination of electronic and
human control. These systems force building owners to extend additional resources and incur burdensome costs in order to maintain
proper operation of the systems, as well as account for human errors that may result from improper system operation or management.
Moreover, many conventional systems are not capable of remotely controlling multiple buildings having multiple building functionalities
using a single monitor and control device nor can they adapt to various control interfaces that are used by the buildings and
facility managers.  

Our  DiMi  solution
works as a centralizing component of a facility or multiple facilities  management system, acquiring and interpreting data
from thousands of networked devices monitoring systems operating in multiple locations.  

Whether
a facility manager is looking to save oil and gas, monitor carbon emissions, avert a flood or monitor and control temperatures,
lighting or remote keycard access,  DiMi  provides a fully integrated, affordable solution. Moreover,  DiMi  allows
our clients to evaluate their building management practices for strengths, weaknesses and opportunities to be greener, more productive
and more efficient.  DiMi  s virtual grid can track and sort building data to enable cost savings, reduce the
carbon footprint and set new global standards of performance for the facility management industry.  

Energy
Savings   

For
boilers to run at peak efficiency, operators must attend to boiler staging, water chemistry, pumping and boiler controls, boiler
fuel-air mixtures, burn-to-load ratios and stack temperatures.  DiMi  can consolidate all the above efficiency-enhancing
metrics and provide monitoring of water chemistry and temperature to improve equipment efficiency and reduce energy expenditures.  DiMi  provides
these features on a cost effective platform which empowers users to realize significant cost savings.  

DiMi  can
help maintain consistent temperature throughout buildings and provide the ability for managers to monitor and control irregularities.
Users benefit from being able to: prevent system wear and tear from operating under stress, increase the life of the systems through
proper timing of maintenance and determine peak efficiencies and set pre-defined conditions and alerts.  DiMi  s
service can also measure water consumption by unit to ascertain usage by tenant and carbon emissions to track changes.  

Enhanced
Security   

DiMi  can
provide remote monitoring, control and access to restricted areas. Our technology provides an audit trail that enables users to
see who accessed a room and when. The ability to track entries to individual rooms via the audit trail eliminates the cost of
replacing locks and lost keys.  DiMi  readily interfaces with most alarm panels on the market as well as most existing
keycard access systems.  

Disaster
Management   

Water
leaks and flooding may be costly for property managers and owners.  DiMi  can assist with disaster management by
providing the ability to monitor strategically placed water sensors in bathrooms, elevator shafts, rooftop drains or any other
problematic area. Users will be alerted if there are any irregularities within a defined scope to avert catastrophes. In addition,
hurricane shields can be activated from a remote location to avoid disaster and minimize costs in protecting assets.  

Routine
Maintenance   

All
forms of routine maintenance that can be automated can be controlled directly using the  DiMi  M2M communications
solution. From pre-defined schedules, on a demand basis when equipped with the proper sensors to a user s instant messaging
( IM ) account anywhere the Internet is accessible, maintenance can be performed at will. For example, automated service
calls can be enabled when a boiler is operating outside of predetermined optimal ranges or, storage tank levels can be preset
to enable  DiMi  to trigger automatic scheduling of oil deliveries  

Building
Value   

We
believe that a building that incorporates  DiMi  will have a documented pedigree of asset performance. Energy management
and efficiency gains, along with maintenance and repair history, are mapped through our Master Data Management module.  DiMi  s
information management capabilities increase property return on investment and overall property value.  

The
Marketplace    

Although
widely heralded as a  transformative  technology, M2M is not new. The concept was first used during World War II for
identifying  friend  or  foe  to prevent pilots from hitting the wrong targets. Satellites use M2M to
fire engines based on guidance and navigation sensors. Garage door openers respond to the clicker in a car. The difference now
is that you can network the sensors in devices and objects, and use the data for extended purposes, such as recognizing that the
garage door was left open and notifying the homeowner or security company to close it by way of remote command.  

M2M
  also commonly called  ubiquitous  or  pervasive  computing   refers to digital microprocessors
and sensors embedded in everyday objects and connected to networks. M2M most often refers to  machine-to-machine, 
although mobile-to-machine or man-to-machine is also used to describe this fast evolving family of technologies. Because M2M communications
can exist in practically any machine, environment and market, it holds the potential to reshuffle entire industry structures,
creating an anticipated windfall for technology enablers in the M2M arena and enabling an array of solutions that deliver new
levels of  smart services  and commerce.  

Secondary
Target Markets    

Distilling
customer needs to discrete services allows us to target and expand high value opportunities and generate critical need niches
in vertical market sectors. Combining these niches into a consolidated service, offering a single point customer interface, is
expected to give the Company key competitive differentiation in the marketplace.  

Restaurant
and Retail Chains     DiMi  can provide owners and managers of restaurants and retail businesses
the ability to monitor and control multiple locations remotely from any web-enabled computer or mobile device. We can provide
the interface that gives users real-time insight and control of critical systems within their establishments that enable them
to reduce costs, manage more efficiently and increase their return on investment. As long as there is Internet access, users can
monitor and manage all of their properties   whether at home, walking down the street or traveling out of the country.  

With
respect to restaurants,  DiMi  provides the ability to monitor the humidity and temperature of walk-in environments,
such as freezers, wine cellars and refrigeration units, helping to ensure that meats age properly, cellaring of wines is maintained
and cheese or other perishables are well stored. When a power failure or surge occurs, immediate alerts are sent to a manager
or owner s handheld device, enabling quicker response times and reducing the loss of inventory from food spoilage or wine
cellar temperature fluctuation.  

Weather
extremes may also trigger instability in a restaurant environment.  DiMi  helps by providing the ability to remotely
monitor temperatures in one or more restaurants and signal any deviation from normal.  

Schools,
Colleges and Universities    With  DiMi , educational facilities can experience the peace of mind that
comes with being able to monitor points of entry as well as restricted areas on-site or remotely from any web-enabled computer
or mobile device.  

Our
solution helps to protect sensitive documents, dormitories and classrooms housing expensive assets, such as computer centers,
biotech labs, movie production and digital publishing facilities. Moreover, through use of  DiMi  s auditing capabilities,
school building managers can mitigate losses due to theft and receive immediate, real-time feedback in emergency situations, including
security breaches, fire, smoke, gas leaks, and carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide alerts, among other potential crises.  

Healthcare
Facilities    In addition to benefiting from the same remote monitor and control capabilities afforded all sectors
involving the management of building systems, healthcare facilities can leverage  DiMi  M2M communications solutions
in highly innovative ways to enhance resident patient care.  

For
instance,  DiMi  can provide care facilities with an ability to prevent scalding due to inconsistencies in tap
water temperature. The risk is greater where the resident population may be elderly, prone to sensory loss or when nerve reaction
times are reduced; thus, the intuitive reaction to pull away from the scalding hot water is not sufficient to avoid potentially
severe skin burns.  

Another
potential application is home monitoring of patients suffering from chronic diseases and conditions, such as congestive heart
failure, hypertension, diabetes, asthma and obesity. Hospitals, clinics and physician practices can utilize  DiMi  to
establish an additional communication channel with their patients, removing geographic barriers and enhancing the quality of care.  

Connecting
with Telehealth devices used in the home and accessed via any web-enabled computer or wireless device,  DiMi  s
powerful interface can give medical staff the ability to monitor and quickly assess   in real-time   an at-home patient s
oxygen levels, pulse, blood pressure and other vital statistics, potentially reducing hospitalization rates, improving treatment
plans and decreasing emergency room visits. Moreover, DiMi s data management module captures important patient data for
medical records, which can help reduce costs related to paperwork and prevent costly mistakes that could lead to malpractice claims.  

Industrial
Complexes     DiMi  s cloud-based M2M communications platform supports a vast array of possibilities
to employ innovative tracking, sensing, monitoring, alerting and reporting equipment to remotely monitor and manipulate industrial
control systems. Integrating with existing or new backend systems,  DiMi  can serve as the command and control
interface for a vast number of industrial M2M applications in sectors that range from oil and gas, water treatment and waste management
to manufacturing, green power generation and utilities.  

One
possible  DiMi  application is managing an industrial complex s consumption of energy by reducing or shifting
electricity use to improve electric grid reliability, manage electricity costs, and encourage load shifting or load shedding during
times when the electric grid is near capacity. Another would be real-time remote monitoring and control of automated irrigation
systems for a commercial farming enterprise or monitoring and detecting tank leaks at oil refineries.  

Because  DiMi  is
hardware-agnostic and readily customized to address the demands of any industrial sector, we believe that the  DiMi  interface
can be leveraged and applied to protect a vast array of fixed and mobile assets deemed valuable and mission-critical.  

Logistics/Fleet
Management  - Powered by  DiMi , DiMi Telematics provides the commercial transport industry with a cost effective
method of monitoring in real-time all aspects of fleet operations, including driver and vehicle performance, geo-tracking, safety,
compliance and efficiency. The resulting benefits range from the successful streamlining of routes and schedules to save money
in fuel consumption and personnel costs, to mitigating risk and lowering insurance costs.  

Certain
U.S. legislation (e.g.,  Food Safety Act 1990, Quick Frozen Foodstuffs Regs 1995 and the Temperature Control Regs 1995)  mandates
that mobile transporters of chilled food products closely monitor the temperature of goods in transit to protect them from spoilage.
Working in concert with automated, wireless temperature monitoring devices,  DiMi  is able to transmit alerts directly
to fleet managers and/or refrigerated truck drivers when load temperatures approach predefined levels requiring immediate attention.  

Competition    

Given
the positive outlook for the M2M industry and our targeted market segments, we will sell our solutions in intensely competitive
markets. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources than we do. As
the markets for our software products and hosting services continue to develop, additional companies, including those with significant
market presence in the wireless industry, could enter the markets in which we compete and further intensify competition. In addition,
we believe price competition may become a more significant competitive factor in the future.  

Several
businesses that share the M2M space can be viewed as competitors, such as M2M application service providers, Mobile Virtual Network
Operators, system integrators and wireless operators/carriers that offer a variety of the components and services required for
the delivery of complete M2M solutions.  

We
believe we have a competitive advantage and are uniquely positioned as an M2M solution-centric business because our M2M communications
platform is hardware-agnostic, and our hosting environment is in the cloud which gives us the ability to help businesses lower
their IT infrastructure costs and management requirements while improving performance, scalability and flexibility.  

We
have also taken, and will continue to take, the necessary steps to secure the proprietary aspects of our applications through
patent filings in the U.S. and in key international markets. Moreover, we intend to remain focused on proactively developing best-of-breed
Internet-enabled M2M solutions that are designed to effectively meet the evolving needs of our primary target market, namely web-based
remote asset tracking, management and control with applications in the commercial, industrial, educational, government and military
sectors.  

The
markets for our M2M communications solutions will remain characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards.
Nonetheless, the principal competitive factors in these markets will continue to be product performance, ease of use, reliability,
price, breadth of solution offerings, sales and distribution capability, technical support and service, customer relations, and
general industry and economic conditions.  

We
believe that our consultative approach to enabling hosted M2M technologies for our clients, as well as the attention we give to
their specific needs, requirements and circumstances, are critical competitive differentiators that we are dedicated to preserving
and nurturing as we grow. Moreover, prudent and timely integration of new and emerging digital and web technologies into our M2M
communications platform will remain an underpinning mission for us if we are to earn and maintain distinction as a recognized
industry leader.  

Among
the public companies with which we may compete are: Digi International, Inc. (Nasdaq:DGII), EnerNOC, Inc. (Nasdaq:ENOC), Evolving
Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq:EVOL), Gemalto, NV (OTCQB:GTOFF), Numerex Corp. (Nasdaq:NMRX), RF Monolithics, Inc. (Nasdaq: RFMI), Telular
Corporation (Nasdaq:WRLS) and Trimble Navigation Ltd. (Nasdaq:TRMB). Many of these competitors have greater name recognition as
well as financial and other resources than we have. We may never become a competitive influence in the marketplace.  

Plan
of Operations    

DiMi
Telematics, Inc. is headquartered in New York City and incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. Aside from the oversight
and administration of our corporate, financial and legal affairs by the executive management team, once commercial roll-out of  DiMi  takes
place, our Company s operating activities will be centralized in three core areas:  

Sales
    and Marketing  will employ both direct and indirect sales models utilizing an in-house business development team,
    partners and resellers and self-service through a service on-demand web interface.   

Our
initial sales and marketing team will be comprised of our current management staff, and supplemented by the hiring of dedicated
sales professionals as the Company matures. However, we intend to immediately begin building out our global distribution network
through reseller and strategic marketing agreements with qualified third party sources. To support and nurture strong relationships
with our future sales and marketing partners, we expect to provide co-marketing, trade show support, product training and  DiMi  demo
units, while also actively engaging in industry awareness and leading generation programs.  

Once
a new client s core M2M business needs have been confirmed, our solutions team will closely collaborate with the client
to design the organizational and process modifications required to ensure a successful  DiMi  launch, offering
full service project definition, management, user interface customization, implementation services and ongoing quality assurance
and testing.  

In
order to achieve accelerated market penetration and sustainable, recurring revenue from a global customer base, the Company expects
to ultimately adopt a hybrid sales and marketing model involving the following: direct sales (solutions team), channel sales (via
leading Value-Added Resellers ( VARs ) and distributors dedicated to niche market applications that  DiMi is
capable of addressing in target domestic and international markets) and strategic marketing and integration collaborations with
industry leading system integrators, Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ) and large cellular carriers and dealers.  

Operations  will
    be responsible for managing daily activities related to monitoring and administering our cloud-based server operations, 24/7
    client service/help desk, professional services and installation support and quality assurance and testing of our DiMi software
    and hosting platform, as well as the implementation and ongoing administration of our hosted clients  M2M communications
    platforms.   

Our  DiMi  solution
is currently being used to actively monitor property management systems in numerous high-rise commercial and residential buildings
in New York City. All beta sites are owned and managed by the FATA Organization. These sites have served to successfully prove
the  DiMi  software technology and hosting platform and will provide the Company s sales and marketing team
with the capability to provide live demonstrations of the  DiMi  platform.  

After
our solutions team works in close collaboration with our customers throughout their respective  DiMi  implementation
projects, our account service representatives will assume responsibility for ongoing technical and administrative support following  DiMi  s
deployment. In addition, our customers will have access to a dedicated team of customer service and technical specialists who
can be reached after hours and on weekends through a telephone helpdesk and an online technical support center.  

Product
    Development  will be charged with enhancing our existing M2M software applications and services and introducing new
    and complementary hosted products and applications on a timely basis. We anticipate that the creative formulation of enhancements
    and new product conceptualization will be performed in-house by our officers and directors. Thereafter, we intend to outsource
    software enhancement and product development to third parties.   

Currently,
the Company, in collaboration with its outsource software development team, is engaged in developing the next generation of its
M2M communications platform,  DiMi 4.0, which is being designed to provide for a number of technological enhancements
and new user benefits being built into the system, including Voice Over Internet Protocol. Based on current development timelines, 
 DiMi 4.0  should be finalized and ready for commercial launch on or before the end of the third quarter of 2017.  

At
that time the Company intends to concentrate its  DiMi  commercialization efforts on marketing the solution to
property management companies, commercial property developers, government/military installations, industrial facilities, retail
and restaurant chains, colleges and universities, fleet managers, and any business or institutional concern with valuable fixed
and mobile assets requiring remote surveillance, regular maintenance or general oversight.  

Intellectual Property   

Our M2M communications solutions rely
on and benefit from our portfolio of intellectual property, including pending patents, trademarks, trade secrets and domain names. 

Patent Applications:  

U.S. Trademark Applications  

http://www.dimispeaks.com 
         http://www.greenfreak.com 
         http://www.controlfreak.org 
         http://www.theicontrol.us 
         http://www.icontrol.mobi 
         http://www.icontrolmultiple.com 
         http://www.icontrolnow.com 
         http://www.icontrolonline.com 
         http://www.greened.biz 
         http://www.greenfreak.biz 
         http://www.green-freak.com 
         http://www.green-freak.info 
         http://www.green-freak.me 
         http://www.green-freak.mobi 
         http://www.green-freak.org 
         http://www.greened.ws 
         http://www.greenfreak.info 
         http://www.greenfreak.me 
         http://www.greenfreak.mobi 
         http://www.greenfreak.ws 
         http://www.greened.net 
         http://www.askdimi.net 
         http://www.askdimi.org 
         http://www.askdimi.info 
         http://www.askdimi.biz  
     
         http://www.askdimi.us 
         http://www.cntrlfreaks.biz 
         http://www.cntrlfreaks.us 
         http://www.cntrlfreaks.com 
         http://www.cntrlfreaks.info 
         http://www.cntrlfreaks.net 
         http://www.cntrlfreaks.org 
         http://www.greenfreak.us 
         http://www.greenfreak.com 
         http://www.Precisionloc8.com 
         http://www.Precisionloc8.net 
         http://www.Precisionlok8.com 
         http://www.Precisionlok8.net 
         http://www.Precisionlocate.com 
         http://www.Precisionlocate.net 
         http://www.DiMiTelematics.com 
         http://www.DiMiTelematics.net 
         http://www.DiMiTM.com 
         http://www.DiMiTM.net 
         http://www.DiMi-tm.com 
         http://www.DiMi-tm.net 
         http://www.DiMi-m2m.com 
         http://www. DiMi-m2m.net 
         http://www. DiMim2m.com 
         http://www. DiMim2m.net   

History of DTI  

DTI was formed as a Nevada corporation
on January 28, 2011 under the name Medepet, Inc. On June 30, 2011, Medepet, Inc. changed its name to Precision Loc8,
Inc., on July 28, 2011, Precision Loc8, Inc. changed its name Precision Telematics, Inc. and on August 10, 2011, Precision
Telematics changed its name to DiMi Telematics, Inc. 

On
or about July 31, 2011, DTI entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Roberto Fata pursuant to which Mr. Fata sold
and DTI purchased the technology encompassing  DiMi , including certain specified assets used in the remote monitoring
and control of building management systems through unique software interface.  

History
of DTII   

DTII
was originally formed as Cine-Source Entertainment, Inc. ( Old Corporation ), a Colorado corporation, on July 29,
1988. Pursuant to a Plan of Merger dated February 24, 2004, the Old Corporation filed Articles and Certificate of Merger
with the Secretary of State of the State of Colorado merging the Old Corporation into Cine-Source Entertainment, Inc. (the  Surviving
Corporation ), a Colorado corporation Thereafter, on April 27, 2004, the name of the Surviving Corporation was changed
to First Quantum Ventures, Inc. On April 13, 2006, the Surviving Corporation formed a wholly owned subsidiary, a Nevada corporation,
under the name First Quantum Ventures, Inc., and on May 5, 2006 merged the Surviving Corporation into First Quantum Ventures,
Inc. On November 10, 2011, DTII acquired DTI in a  reverse merger  as discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.  

Fiscal
Year End    

Following
the closing of the Share Exchange pursuant to which DTII acquired DTI, DTII changed its fiscal year end to August 31, so
as to correspond to the fiscal year end of DTI.  

Employees    

As
of November 30, 2016, other than our officers and directors, we had no full time or part time employees other than our Chief Executive
Officer.  

ITEM 1A.   
         
       RISK
    FACTORS.    

An
investment in our common stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and all other information
set forth in this Annual Report before deciding to invest in our common stock. Our business, financial condition and results of
operations may suffer as a result of these risks.. In that case, the value of our common stock may decline and you could lose
all or part of your investment.   

Risks
Associated with the Company s Prospective Business and Operations    

The
Company lacks meaningful operating history and will require substantial capital if it is to be successful. We will require additional
funds for our operations.   

At
August 31, 2016, we had net negative working capital of approximately $115,104. We will require significant cash during fiscal
2016-17, in order to grow our business, including implementing any acquisitions. No assurances can be given that the Company will
be able to obtain the necessary funding during this time to make any acquisitions or for any other purpose. The inability to raise
additional funds will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, plan of operation and prospects. Acquisitions
may be made with cash or our securities or a combination of cash and securities. To the extent that we require cash, we may have
to borrow the funds or sell equity securities. The issuance of equity, if available, would result in dilution to our stockholders.
We have no commitments from any financing source and we may not be able to raise any cash necessary to complete an acquisition.
If we fail to make any acquisitions, our future growth may be limited. If we make any acquisitions, they may disrupt or have a
negative impact on our business.  

The
terms on which we may raise additional capital may result in significant dilution and may impair our stock price. Because of our
cash position, our stock price and our immediate cash requirements, it is difficult for us to raise capital for any acquisition.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to get financing on any terms, and, if we are able to raise funds, it may be necessary
for us to sell our securities at a price that is at a significant discount from the market price and on other terms which may
be disadvantageous to us. In connection with any such financing, we may be required to provide registration rights to the investors
and pay damages to the investor in the event that the registration statement is not filed or declared effective by specified dates.
The price and terms of any financing which would be available to us could result in both the issuance of a significant number
of shares and significant downward pressure on our stock price.  

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.   

Our
independent public accounting firm in their report dated December 16, 2016 included an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial
doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern without additional capital becoming available. Going concern contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business over a reasonable length of time.
Our ability to continue as a going concern ultimately is dependent on our ability to generate a profit which is dependent upon
our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing, attain further operating efficiencies and, ultimately, to achieve profitable
operations. As a result, our financial statements do not reflect any adjustment which would result from our failure to continue
to operate as a going concern. Any such adjustment, if necessary, would materially affect the value of our assets.  

The
Company s officers and directors may have conflicts of interest and do not devote their full time to the Company s
operations .  

The
Company s officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in that they are and may become affiliated with other companies.
In addition, the Company s officers do not devote their full time to the Company s operations. Until such time that
the Company can afford executive compensation commensurate with that being paid in the marketplace, its officers will not devote
their full time and attention to the operations of the Company. No assurances can be given as to when, if ever, the Company will
be financially able to engage its officers on a full time basis.  

We
have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures in the absence of which, stockholders may have more limited
protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters.   

Recent
federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures
designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted
in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities
exchanges, such as the NYSE or The NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures
that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address board of directors' independence, audit
committee oversight, and the adoption of a code of ethics. While our board of directors intends to adopt a Code of Ethics, we
have not yet done so nor have we adopted any of these corporate governance measures and, since our securities are not listed on
a national securities exchange, we are not required to do so. It is possible that if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate
governance measures, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that internal corporate decisions were being
made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct. For example, in the absence
of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning
matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees may be made by a majority
of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current
lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions.  

Provisions
of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or prevent take-over which may not be in the best interest of our stockholders.   

Provisions
of our articles of incorporation and bylaws may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which include when and by whom special
meetings of our stockholders may be called, and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. In addition, certain provisions
of the Nevada Revised Statutes also may be deemed to have certain anti-takeover effects which include that control of shares acquired
in excess of certain specified thresholds will not possess any voting rights unless these voting rights are approved by a majority
of a corporation's disinterested stockholders. In addition, our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 50,000,000
shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors, of
which no shares of preferred stock are issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2016. Our board of directors may, without stockholder
approval, issue preferred stock with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the
voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. As a result, our board of directors can issue such stock to investors
who support our management and give effective control of our business to our management.  

We
may be exposed to potential risks relating to our internal control over financial reporting.   

As
directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( SOX 404 ), the SEC has adopted rules requiring public
companies to include a report of management in the Company's internal control over financial reporting in its annual reports.  

While
we expect to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by SOX 404,
there is a risk that we will not comply with all of the requirements imposed thereby. At present, there is no precedent available
with which to adequately measure compliance. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, investors and others may lose confidence in the
reliability of our financial statements and our ability to obtain equity or debt financing could suffer.  

Our
business relies heavily on outsource software developers, which could harm our business by adversely affecting the availability,
delivery, reliability, and development cost of our platform.   

We
have limited staffing and are relying on our outsource software developer to create our DiMi 4.0 platform. If the outsource software
developer delays or curtails progress on our platform, we may not be able to roll out the related platform in desired configurations,
or in a timely manner. In addition, we may not be able to replace the functionality provided by the third-party software that
we currently offer if that software becomes obsolete, defective, or incompatible with future versions of our software (especially
if we use different outsource software developers for different versions of our platform) or if the software is not adequately
maintained or updated. Even though other software developers are available, qualification of the alternative developer and establishment
of reliable software code could result in delays and a possible loss of sales as well as a significant increase in development
costs, which could harm our operating results. In addition, defective or delayed roll out of our platform could harm our reputation
and brand recognition.  

Risks
Related to the Company s Common Stock    

The
Company does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.   

The
Company has never paid cash dividends on its common stock and has no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. The Company intends
to retain earnings, if any, to develop and expand its business.  

Penny
stock  rules may make buying or selling the common stock difficult and severely limit their market and liquidity.   

Trading
in the Company s common stock is subject to certain regulations adopted by the SEC commonly known as the  Penny Stock 
rules. The Company s common stock qualifies as penny stock and is covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  1934 Act ), which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who
trade in the Company s common stock in the market. The  Penny Stock  rules govern how broker/dealers can deal
with their clients and  penny stock.  For sales of the Company s common stock, the broker/dealer must make a
special suitability determination and receive from clients a written agreement prior to making a trade. The additional burdens
imposed upon broker/dealers by the  penny stock  rules may discourage broker/dealers from effecting transactions in
the Company s common stock, which could severely limit our stock s market price and liquidity. This could prevent
investors from reselling the Company s common stock and may cause the price of our common stock to decline.  

Although
publicly traded, the Company s common stock has substantially less liquidity than the average trading market for a stock
listed on a national securities exchange, and its market price may fluctuate dramatically in the future .  

Although
the Company s common stock is eligible for quotation on the OTC Pink, the trading market in the common stock has substantially
less liquidity than shares of companies listed on national securities exchanges. A public trading market having the desired characteristics
of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock
at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over
which we have no control. Due to, among other reasons, limited trading volume, the market price of the Company s common
stock may fluctuate significantly in the future, and these fluctuations may be unrelated to the Company s performance. General
market price declines or overall market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price of the Company s common
stock, and the current market price may not be indicative of future market prices.  

ITEM 1B.   
         
       UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS.    

Not
applicable.  

ITEM 2.   
         
       PROPERTIES.    

The
Company s current executive offices are located at 290 Lenox Avenue, New York City, New York, 10027. The property consists
of 500 square feet of finished office space. We currently have a five year lease through August 31, 2019. We believe that the
current office space is adequate to meet our current needs.  

ITEM 3.   
         
       LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS.    

None.  

ITEM 4.   
         
       MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES.    

Not
applicable.  

PART
II    

ITEM 5.   
         
       MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASERS OF EQUITY SECURITIES.    

Market
Information   

Our
shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol  DIMI . However, our shares do not trade other
than on an extremely limited and sporadic basis. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the range of high and
low bid quotations per share as reported on the OTC Pink since the first period for which figures are available. These quotations
represent inter-dealer prices, without retail markups, markdowns or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions  

Holders .
As of December 14, 2016, there were approximately 339 holders of record of our common stock, which excludes those stockholders
holding stock in street name.  

Dividend
Policy . We have not declared or paid cash dividends or made distributions in the past, and we do not anticipate that we will
pay cash dividends or make distributions in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain and reinvest future earnings,
if any, to finance our operations.  

Equity
Compensation Plans . We have not authorized any compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which
our equity securities have been authorized for issuance as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year ended August
31, 2016. We have not authorized any such plan for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016.  

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities    

None.  

ITEM 6.   
         
       SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA.    

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM 7.   
         
       MANAGEMENT'S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial
statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, found in this Annual Report. In addition to historical
information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Where
possible, we have tried to identify these forward looking statements by using words such as  anticipate,   believe, 
 intends,  or similar expressions. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by the forward-looking
statements due to important factors and risks including, but not limited to, those set forth under  Risk Factors 
in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report.   

Forward-looking
Statements   

We
and our representatives may from time to time make written or oral statements that are  forward-looking,  including
statements contained in this annual report and other filings with the SEC, reports to our stockholders and news releases. All
statements that express expectations, estimates, forecasts or projections are forward-looking statements. In addition, other written
or oral statements which constitute forward-looking statements may be made by us or on our behalf. Words such as  expect, 
 anticipate,   intend,   plan,   believe,   seek,   estimate, 
 project,   forecast,   may,   should,  variations of such words and similar expressions
are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially
from what is expressed or forecasted in or suggested by such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update
or revise any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report to conform forward-looking statements to
actual results, except as may be required under applicable law. Important factors on which such statements are based are assumptions
concerning uncertainties, including but not limited to, uncertainties associated with the following:  

Inadequate
    capital and barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement our business plans;   

Our
    failure to earn revenues or profits;   

Inadequate
    capital to continue business;   

Volatility
    or decline of our stock price;   

Potential
    fluctuation in quarterly results;   

Rapid
    and significant changes in markets;   

Litigation
    with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties; and   

Insufficient
    revenues to cover operating costs.   

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto which are included in this
annual report.  This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Our
actual results may differ substantially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements included in this discussion as
a result of various factors.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016 AND 2015   

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the year ended August 31, 2016 totaled $34,520 an increase of $3,899 compared to selling,
general and administrative expenses of $30,621 for the year ended August 31, 2015. Stock based compensation expense in the amount
of $0 and $105,000 during the year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Payroll expense amounted to $101,173 and $93,645
for the year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Consulting expense amounted to $124,584 and $47,280 for the year ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Professional fees amount to $104,192 and $116,138 for the year ended August 31, 2016 and
2015 respectively.  

Amortization
Expense   

Amortization
expense for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 totaled $131 and $3,798, respectively. Amortization expense is the expensing
of intellectual property and the iPhone application.  

Interest
Expense   

Interest
expense for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, totaled $365 and $0 respectively. The Company had no notes during 2015.  

Impairment
of Asset   

Impairment
of asset for the year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, totaled $0 and $334,685, respectively. The impairment was due to the Dimi
platform and the complications with finding suitable properties for beta testing.  

Net
Loss   

For
the reasons stated above, our net loss for the year ended August 31, 2016 totaled $364,965 or $0.13 per share, a decrease of $366,202
or approximately 50.1% compared to a net loss for the year ended August 31, 2015 that was $731,167. The majority of the additional
loss is due to the recognition of impairment on the Dimi platform.  

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

As
of August 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $431. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended August
31, 2016 was approximately $216,938. Our current liabilities as of August 31, 2016 totaled $115,535 consisted of: accounts payable
and accrued liabilities of $84,035 and note payable  related party of $31,500. We have net negative working capital of $115,104
as of August 31, 2016.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared contemplating a continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company
has reported a net loss of $364,965 for the year ended August 31, 2016 and had an accumulated deficit of $2,427,589 as of August
31, 2016.  

We
have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. The primary source of capital has been from the sale of equity
securities. Our primary use of capital has been for professional fees, and general and administrative costs. Our working capital
requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business.  

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources.  

ITEM 7A.   
         
       QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.    

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM 8.   
         
       FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.    

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders  

  Dimi
Telematics International, Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Dimi Telematics International, Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively,
the  Company ) as of August 31, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity
(deficit) and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
of Dimi Telematics International, Inc. and its subsidiary as of August 31, 2016 and the consolidated results of their operations
and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described
in Note 1, the Company has incurred losses from operations and has a working capital deficit. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this mater are described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

/s/
MaloneBailey, LLP   

  www.malonebailey.com  

  Houston,
Texas  

  December
16, 2016  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Dimi Telematics International, Inc. 

 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Dimi Telematics International, Inc. (the Company) as of August 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related
statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended August
31, 2015 and 2014. Dimi Telematics International, Inc s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

  We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

 In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dimi Telematics International,
Inc. as of August 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year
period ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has suffered losses from operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

RBSM, LLP  

 December 23, 2015. 
Henderson, Nevada 

Dimi
Telematics International, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Balance Sheets   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Dimi Telematics International, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Statements of Operations   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Dimi Telematics International, Inc.   

   Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Dimi Telematics International, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

DiMi
Telematics International, Inc.   

  NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Amounts
in USD)  

1.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NATURE OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS   

Basis
of Presentation   

The
accompanying financial statements present on a consolidated basis the accounts of DiMi Telematics International, Inc. (formerly
First Quantum Ventures, Inc.), a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), and its wholly owned subsidiary, DiMi Telematics,
Inc. ( DTI ). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

On
October 28, 2011, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  Share Exchange ) with DTI and its
stockholders. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued 291,500 shares of its common stock in exchange for all
outstanding shares and warrants to purchase common shares of DTI.  As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement, DTI
became a subsidiary of the Company. The Company assumed operation of DTI and entered the Telematics/M2M industry. On November
10, 2011, the closing of the Share Exchange occurred.  In connection with the Share Exchange, (a) 50,000 of the
Company s  issued and outstanding shares of common stock were surrendered for cancellation and (b) the
Company s officers and directors resigned and the following individuals assumed their duties as officers and
directors:  

Name   
         
       Title(s)    
 
      Barry
    Tenzer  
         
      President,
    Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director   
 
      Roberto
    Fata  
         
      Executive
    Vice President   Business Development and Director   

The
Company has accounted for the acquisition under the purchase method of accounting for business combinations. Under the purchase
method of accounting in a business combination effected through an exchange of equity interest, the entity that issues the equity
interest is generally the acquiring entity. In some business combinations (commonly referred to as reverse acquisitions), however,
the acquired entity issues the equity interest. Accounting for business combinations requires consideration of the facts and circumstances
surrounding a business combination that generally involves the relative ownership and control of the entity by each of the parties
subsequent to the acquisition. Based on a review of these factors, the Share Exchange was accounted for as a reverse acquisition,
i.e., the Company was considered the acquired company and DTI was considered the acquiring company. As a result, the Company s
assets and liabilities were incorporated into DTI s balance sheet based on the fair value of the net assets acquired. Further,
the Company s operating results will not include the Company s results prior to the date of closing. Accordingly the
accompanying financial statements are the financial statements of DTI. In addition, the Company s fiscal year end changed
to DTI s fiscal year end of August 31 following the closing.  

The
Company has retroactively reflected the acquisition of DTI s common stock in a ratio consistent with the Share Exchange.  

On
March 15, 2012, First Quantum Ventures, Inc., changed its name to DiMi Telematics International, Inc.  

Nature
of Business Operations   

DTI
is a development stage company formed on January 28, 2011 as Medepet Inc., a Nevada corporation.  During the first year
of operations DTI redefined its business purpose and operation.  On June 20, 2011, DTI changed its name from Medepet
Inc. to Precision Loc8.  On July 28, 2011, DTI changed its name from Precision Loc8 to Precision Telematics Inc. On
August 9, 2011, DTI changed its name to DiMi Telematics Inc.  

On
July 28, 2011, DTI entered into an asset purchase agreement for the purchase of intellectual property.  

DTI
designs, develops and distributes Machine-to-Machine (M2M) communications solutions used to remotely track, monitor, manage and
protect multiple mobile and fixed assets in real-time from virtually any web-enabled desktop computer or mobile device. Through
our proprietary software and hosted service offerings, DTI is endeavoring to capitalize on the pervasiveness and data transport
capabilities of wireless networks in order to facilitate communications and process efficiencies between commercial and industrial
business owners/managers and their respective networked control systems, sensors and devices.    

DTI
is focused on the M2M market segments in which we can provide highly differentiated and value-driven solutions capable of unleashing
tangible productivity gains, material cost reductions and quantifiable risk mitigation across an enterprise.  Aside
from the oversight and administration of our corporate, financial and legal affairs by the executive management team, our operating
activities are centralized in three core areas:    

Sales
    and Marketing , which will employ both direct and indirect sales models utilizing an in-house business development team,
    partners and resellers and self-service through a service on-demand web interface.     

Operations ,
    which will be responsible for managing daily activities related to monitoring and administering our cloud-based server operations;
    24/7 client service/help desk; professional services and installation support; and quality assurance and testing of our  DiMi
     software and hosting platform, as well as the implementation and ongoing administration of our hosted clients  M2M
    communications platforms.     

Product
    Development , which will be charged with enhancing our existing M2M software applications and services and introducing
    new and complementary hosted products and applications on a timely basis.     

Going
Concern   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared contemplating the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. However, the Company has reported a net loss of $364,965 for the year ended August 31,
2016 and had an accumulated deficit of $2,427,589 as of August 31, 2016.  The Company had net negative working capital
of $115,104 as of August 31, 2016.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The conditions described
above raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The Company's ability to obtain additional
financing depends on the success of its growth strategy and its future performance, each of which is subject to general economic,
financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond the Company's control.  

We
will need additional investments in order to continue operations. Additional investments are being sought, but we cannot guarantee
that we will be able to obtain such investments. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities,
obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms.  

However,
the trading price of our common stock could make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt
securities. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, we may incur unexpected costs and expenses, or experience unexpected
cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Further, if we issue additional equity or debt securities,
stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior
to those of existing holders of our common stock. If additional financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms,
we will have to curtail our operations.  

The
ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome
of the aforementioned uncertainties.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

For
purposes of these financial statements, cash and cash equivalents includes highly liquid debt instruments with maturity of less
than three months.  

Concentrations
of Credit Risk   

Financial
instruments and related items, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash
and cash equivalents. The Company places its cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times,
such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit    

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under
this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and
tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes
the enactment date.  

The
Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized.
In making such determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations.
A valuation allowance is established against deferred tax assets that do not meet the criteria for recognition. In the event the
Company were to determine that it would be able to realize deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded
amount, the Company would make an adjustment to the valuation allowance which would reduce the provision for income taxes.  

The
Company follows the accounting guidance which provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when
it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals
or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. Income tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
at the effective date to be recognized initially and in subsequent periods. Also included is guidance on measurement, recognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition.  

iPhone
Application   

The
iPhone application is stated at cost. When retired or otherwise disposed, the related carrying value and accumulated amortization
are removed from the respective accounts and the net difference less any amount realized from disposition, is reflected in earnings.
Minor additions and renewals are expensed in the year incurred. Major additions and renewals are capitalized and depreciated over
their estimated useful lives being 3 years. As of August 31 2015, the iPhone application has been fully amortized.  

DiMi
Platform   

When
retired or otherwise disposed, the related carrying value and accumulated amortization are removed from the respective accounts
and the net difference less any amount realized from disposition, is reflected in earnings. Minor additions and renewals are expensed
in the year incurred. Major additions and renewals are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives being 5 years.
The impairment was due to the Dimi platform and the complications with finding suitable properties for beta testing. As of August
31, 2015, the company recognized full impairment of the Dimi Platform and expensed $334,685 as a loss from impairment.  

Intellectual
Property   

Our
M2M communications solutions rely on and benefit from our portfolio of intellectual property, including pending patents, trademarks,
trade secrets and domain names.  

Intellectual
property is stated at cost. When retired or otherwise disposed, the related carrying value and accumulated amortization are removed
from the respective accounts and the net difference less any amount realized from disposition, is reflected in earnings. Minor
additions and renewals are expensed in the year incurred. Major additions and renewals are capitalized and depreciated over their
estimated useful lives being 3 years up to 15 years.  

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company will recognize revenue on four basic criteria which must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is
reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of the
selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers,
estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded.  

Stock
Based Compensation   

The
Company accounts for all compensation related to stock, options or warrants using a fair value based method whereby compensation
cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized over the service period, which is usually
the vesting period. The Company uses the Black-Scholes pricing model to calculate the fair value of options and warrants issued
to both employees and non-employees. Stock issued for compensation is valued using the market price of the stock on the date of
the related agreement.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern.  The provisions
of ASU No. 2014-15 require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and
expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition
of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles
for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated
as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial
doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this ASU are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016,
and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this ASU on the Company s
financial statements.  

On
June 10, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued a new accounting statement that reduces some of disclosures
and reporting requirements for development stage companies. The change will be in effect for the interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014. As of such date, among other things development stage entities will no longer
be required to report inception-to-date information. The Company has elected early adoption of this pronouncement and
will no longer being reporting inception-to-date information.  

Net
Loss per Share   

Basic
loss per share amounts are computed based on net loss divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. There
were no outstanding common stock equivalents as of August 31, 2016 or 2015. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution
that could occur if potentially dilutive securities were exercised or converted to common stock. The dilutive effect of options
and warrants and their equivalent is computed by application of the treasury stock method and the effect of convertible securities
by the  if converted  method.  

Management
Estimates   

The
presentation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

2.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY   

Intellectual
property of the following:  

DTI
executed an Asset Purchase Agreement on August 28, 2011 which included various types of intellectual property.  Amortization
expense for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $131 and $131, respectively.  

3.
I PHONE APPLICATION   

The
Company s purchase of an iPhone application was completed in September 2012. The total cost of the application
is $11,000 and will be amortized over a three year period.  

Amortization
expense for the iPhone application for the year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $0 and $3,667, respectively.  

4.
DiMi PLATFORM   

The
company has contracted for the development of software to develop and distributes Machine-to-Machine (M2M) communications solutions
used to remotely track, monitor, manage and protect multiple mobile and fixed assets in real-time from virtually any web-enabled
desktop computer or mobile device.  The Company has recognized a loss on impairment in the amount of $334,685 as of
August 31, 2015. The impairment was due to the Dimi platform and the complications with finding suitable properties for beta testing.  

5.
NOTE PAYABLE   RELATED PARTY   

On
April 27, 2016, the Company issued our CEO a 7% unsecured promissory note in the amount of $2,500 which matures six months from
the date of issuance. On July 5, 2016, the company issued our CEO a second 7% unsecured note in the amount of $3,000 which matures
six months from date of issuance.  

The
changes in notes payable to related party consisted of the following during the year ending August 31, 2016:  

On
May 17, 2016, the Company issued to Lyle Hauser, the Company s largest shareholder, a 7% unsecured promissory note in the
amount of $10,000 which matures six months from the date of issuance. On August 15, 2016, the Company issued a significant shareholder
a second 7% unsecured promissory note in the amount of $26,000 which matures six months from the date of issuance  

The
changes in notes payable to related party consisted of the following during the year ended August 31, 2016:  

6.
EQUITY   

Common
Stock   

The
Company was formed in the state of Nevada on April 13, 2006. The Company has authorized capital of 800,000,000 shares
of common stock with a par value of $0.001, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001.  

On
December 1, 2015 the Company effected a 1 for 3 reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding stock. All share and per
share amounts herein have been retroactively restated to reflect the split.  

On,
July 8, 2015, the Company authorized to issue 250,000 shares of common stock for consulting fees in the amount of $105,000. These
shares were not issued as of August 31, 2015 and the balance is reflected as common stock payable in the consolidated balance
sheet.  

On,
July 8, 2015, the Company authorized to issue 250,000 shares of common stock for stock based compensation in the amount of $105,000.
These shares were not issued as of August 31, 2015 and the balance is reflected as common stock payable in the consolidated balance
sheet.  

On
October 30, 2015, the Company issued the 500,000 common shares granted on July 8, 2015 to settle the common stock payable of $210,000.  

7.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

We
currently lease approximately 500 square feet of general office space at 290 Lenox Avenue, New York, NY 10027 from our Vice President
  Operations.  

On
April 27, 2016, the Company issued our CEO two 7% unsecured promissory note totaling $5,500 which mature six months from the date
of issuance.  

The
Company issued a significant shareholder two 7% unsecured promissory notes totaling $26,000 which mature six months from the date
of issuance.  

As
of August 31, 2016, the Company had an outstanding payable of $14,609 to the CEO. The payable is unsecured, due on demand and
bears no interest.  

8.
INCOME TAXES   

Deferred
income taxes are determined using the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and
income tax basis of the Company's assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected to
be in effect when the temporary differences are included in the Company's tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  

The
Company is subject to US taxes. Historically, the Company has had no net taxable income, and therefore has paid no income tax.  

As
of August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had a net operating loss (NOL) carryforward of approximately $1,738,968, and $1,374,003.
The NOL carryforward begins to expire in various years through 2030. Because management is unable to determine that it is more
likely than not that the Company will realize the tax benefit related to the NOL carryforward, by having future taxable income,
a full valuation allowance has been established at August 31, 2016  to reduce the tax benefit asset value to zero.  

Components
of net deferred tax assets, including a valuation allowance, are as follows at August 31st:  

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $608,989 and 480,901, respectively. In assessing
the recovery of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of
future deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As a
result, management determined it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets would not be realized as of August 31, 2015
and 2014, and recorded a full valuation allowance.  

9. 
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS .  

On
October 27, 2016 the Company issued a significant shareholder a 7% unsecured promissory notes totaling $10,000 which matures six
months from the date of issuance.  

On
November 14, 2016 the Company issued a significant shareholder a 7% unsecured promissory note totaling $80,000 which matures six
months from the date of issuance.  

ITEM 9.   
         
        CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.     

None.  

ITEM 9A.   
         
       CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES.    

(a)          Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Management
of the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such
term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the 1934 Act) pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the 1934 Act as of the
end of the period covered by this report.  The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Based
on this evaluation, management concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective
due to the following material weaknesses:  

Since
    inception our chief executive officer also functions as our chief financial officer.  As a result, our officers may not
    be able to identify errors and irregularities in the financial statements and reports.   

We
    were unable to maintain full segregation of duties within our financial operations due to our reliance on limited personnel
    in the finance function.  While this control deficiency did not result in any audit adjustments to our financial statements,
    it could have resulted in a material misstatement that might have been prevented or detected by a segregation of duties.   

Documentation
    of all proper accounting procedures is not yet complete.   

To
the extent reasonably possible given our limited resources, we intend to take measures to cure the aforementioned weaknesses,
including, but not limited to, the following:  

Increasing
    the capacity of our qualified financial personnel to ensure that accounting policies and procedures are consistent across
    the organization and that we have adequate control over financial statement disclosures.   

(b)         Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.  

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements  

Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016
based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013).  

A
material weakness is defined within the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s Auditing Standard No. 5 as a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis.  

In
conducting his evaluation, our officer noted the following material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting:  

While
    certain accounting procedures have been adopted, compliance with such procedures has been inconsistent.   

The
    Board of Directors has not established an Audit Committee.  Accordingly, the entire Board, rather than an independent
    body, has reviewed our financial statements.   

Segregation
    procedures could be improved by strengthening cross approval of various functions, including cash disbursements and internal
    audit procedures where appropriate.   

As
a result of these deficiencies in our internal controls, our officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective.   

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation
by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide
only management s report in this annual report.  

(c)          Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter of fiscal year ended
August 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.  

ITEM 9B.   
         
       OTHER
    INFORMATION.    

None.  

PART
III    

ITEM 10.   
         
       DIRECTORS,
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.    

We
have appointed the following individuals to serve as our executive officers and directors:  

Name   
         
       Age   
         
       Title(s)    
 
      Barry
    Tenzer  
         
      83  
         
      President,
    Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director   
 
      Roberto
    Fata  
         
      47  
         
      Executive
    Vice President   Business Development and Director   

Barry
Tenzer , served as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of DiMi Telematics prior
to the Share Exchange, and assumed those duties with the Company following the Share Exchange. Mr. Tenzer founded, managed
and served as a board member of numerous private and public companies operating in a broad range of industries, including real
estate, property management, construction, legal services, commercial packaging, cemetery, auto sales and chartered aviation services.
From 1968 to 1981, he was General Partner of 527 Madison Avenue Company NY, LP, and No. 34 th  St. Company,
L.P., and Limited Partner in approximately 20 real estate investments. From 1976 to 2003, Mr. Tenzer was the CEO of HIG Corporation,
which owned and operated six cemeteries in Maryland, Virginia and Florida. From 1997 to 2003, Mr. Tenzer also founded and
served as President and CEO of Motorcars Auto Group, Inc., a company engaged in the ownership and operation of exotic, high performance
car dealerships and auto accessory businesses. Mr. Tenzer currently serves as General Partner of Northerly Company, a real
estate partnership. Mr. Tenzer graduated from Cornell University, where he was awarded his BA degree, in 1953, and from NYU Law
School, where he earned his LLB, in 1956. Mr. Tenzer was admitted to the New York Bar in 1957 and practiced law in private practice
until 1961.  

The
Board of Directors has concluded that Mr. Tenzer is qualified to serve as a director of the Company because of his extensive involvement
in real estate ventures and managerial experience in operating and advising a wide range of public and private companies.  

Roberto
Fata  served as Executive Vice President   Business Development and Director of DiMi Telematics prior to the Share
Exchange, and assumed those duties with the Company following the Share Exchange. Since 1991, Mr. Fata has been employed
by the FATA Organization ( FATA ), a New York City-based real estate company that has owned and managed commercial
and residential properties in Manhattan, New York for over 70 years. As FATA s President and Managing Director, he has played
a leadership role in the revitalization of Harlem, one of Manhattan s most famous neighborhoods. He currently serves on
the Board of Directors for both the Greater Harlem Board of Realtors and the 125 th  Street Business Improvement
District. In 2006, Mr. Fata founded DiMi PA, Inc. to commercialize  DiMiSpeaks , a facility management software
and hosting solution that he developed to better manage the many building operating systems that support all of FATA s real
estate properties. In 2010, Mr. Fata sold the assets of DiMi PA to DiMi Telematics, and he now serves as Executive Vice President
of Business Development and a Director of the Company.  

The
Board of Directors has concluded that Mr. Fata is qualified to serve as a director of the Company because his employment of approximately
20 years with the FATA Organization. Mr. Fata s experience in the real estate business and his role in the development
of the Company s proprietary software makes him a critical resource in our quest to commercialize our  DiMi Solution .  

Terms
of Office    

Our
directors are appointed for one year terms in accordance with our charter documents and hold office until the earlier of (i) the
next annual meeting of our stockholders, (ii) until they are removed from the board or (iii) until they resign.  

Committees
of our Board of Directors    

We
have not established any committees, including an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee, or any
committees performing similar functions. The functions of those committees are currently undertaken by Board of Directors as a
whole. Because we have only two directors, neither of which is independent, we believe that the creation of these committees,
at this time, would be cumbersome and constitute more form over substance, particularly under circumstances where a substantial
majority of our outstanding shares are controlled by one individual (who has approved the appointment of our directors) and at
a time when our resources do not permit us to obtain officers  and directors  liability insurance.  

Stockholder
Nominees for Directors    

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates which may be recommended by our stockholders, including
the minimum qualifications for director candidates, nor has our Board of Directors established a process for identifying and evaluating
director nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates
by our stockholders, including the procedures to be followed. Our Board has not considered nor has it adopted any of these policies
as we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our Board of Directors. Given our
relative size, early stage of development and lack of officers  and directors  insurance coverage, we do not anticipate
that any of our stockholders will make such a recommendation in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional
directors proposed, in the event such a proposal is made, all members of our Board will participate in the consideration of director
nominees. In considering a director nominee, it is likely that our Board will consider the professional and/or educational background
of any nominee with a view towards how such candidate might bring a different viewpoint or experience to our Board.  

Audit
Committee Financial Expert    

Barry
Tenzer, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and a Director, is an  audit committee financial
expert  within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.  

Code
of Ethics    

We
have not yet adopted a Code of Ethics but expect to consider and approve a Code of Ethics in the near term.  

Family
Relationships   

There
are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors.  

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings   

During
the past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has been:  

the
    subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
    officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;   

convicted
    in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);   

subject
    to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
    or any Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his
    involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities;   

found
    by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
    violated a federal or state securities or commodities law;   

the
    subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
    reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law
    or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited
    to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent
    cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud
    in connection with any business entity; or   

the
    subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
    organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined
    in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or
    organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.   

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act   

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company's officers and directors, and certain persons who own more than 10% of a registered
class of the Company's equity securities (collectively,  Reporting Persons ), to file reports of ownership and changes
in ownership ( Section 16 Reports ) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  Reporting
Persons are required by the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16 Reports they file.  Based solely on
its review of the copies of such Section 16 Reports received by the Company, or written representations received from certain
Reporting Persons, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to the Company's Reporting Persons during and with respect
to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 have been complied with on a timely basis.  

Changes
in Nominating Procedures   

None.  

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight   

Mr.
Tenzer serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Due to the small size and early stage of the Company, we believe it is
currently most effective to have the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions combined.  

Our
Board of Directors is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. The Board of Directors receives and
reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding the Company s
assessment of risks. The Board of Directors focuses on the most significant risks facing the Company and the Company s general
risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by the Company are consistent with the board s appetite
for risk. While the Board of Directors oversees the Company s risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day
risk management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks
facing the Company and that our board leadership structure supports this approach.  

ITEM 11.   
         
       EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION.    

Summary
Compensation Table   

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by using 2016 and 2015 for our then principal executive officer, each other
executive officer serving as such whose annual compensation exceeded $100,000, and up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure
would have been made in this table but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer of our company
at August 31, 2016. The value attributable to any option awards is computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.  

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End   

None   

Compensation
of Directors    

We
have not established standard compensation arrangements for our directors and do not have any agreements or understandings to
compensate directors for their services as such.  

ITEM 12.   
         
       SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.    

As
o November 30, 2016, and following our acquisition of DTI, we had 2,923,907 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The
following table sets forth information known to us relating to the beneficial ownership of such shares as of such date by:  

each
    person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding voting stock;   

each
    director;   

each
    named executive officer; and   

all
    named officers and directors as a group.   

Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each person listed is care of DTII at 290 Lenox Avenue, New York, NY 10027. The percentages
in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock
outstanding on that date and all shares of our common stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options,
warrants, rights or conversion privileges owned by that person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of November 30,
2016. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of our common stock owned by them, except to the extent that power may be shared with a spouse.  

(1)
  Mr. Hauser s address is 1000 Quayside Terrace, Suite 1810, Miami, FL 33138.  

ITEM 13.   
         
       CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    

We
do not have any independent directors.  

We currently lease approximately 500 square feet of general office space at 290 Lenox
Avenue, New York, NY 10027 from our Vice President   Operations. 

On
April 27, 2016, the Company issued our CEO two 7% unsecured promissory note totaling $5,500 which mature six months from the date
of issuance.  

The
Company issued a significant shareholder two 7% unsecured promissory notes totaling $26,000 which mature six months from the date
of issuance.  

As
of August 31, 2016, the Company had an outstanding payable of $14,609 to the CEO. The payable is unsecured, due on demand and
bears no interest.  

ITEM 14.   
         
       PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.    

We
have no formal audit committee. However, our entire Board of Directors is our de facto audit committee. In discharging its oversight
responsibility as to the audit process, the Board obtained from the independent auditors a formal written statement describing
all relationships between the auditors and us that might bear on the auditors' independence as required by Independence Standards
Board Standard No. 1,  Independence Discussions with Audit Committees.  The Board discussed with the auditors any
relationships that may impact their objectivity and independence, including fees for non-audit services, and satisfied itself
as to the auditors' independence. The Board also discussed with management, the internal auditors and the independent auditors
the quality and adequacy of its internal controls. The Board reviewed with the independent auditors their management letter on
internal controls.  

PART
IV    

ITEM 15.   
         
       EXHIBITS,
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    

(B)
 Exhibits.  

*
Filed herewith  

(1)
Incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB12B filed August 10, 2007.  

(2)
Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed March 15, 2012.  

(3)
Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed March 5, 2014.  

(4)
Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed December 3, 2015.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

DIMI
    TELEMATICS INTERNATIONAL, INC.    

December 16 ,
2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Barry Tenzer   

Name:  
      Barry
    Tenzer   

Title:  
      Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer  
    (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

By:  
      /s/
    Barry Tenzer  
     December 16 ,
    2016   

Name:
    Barry Tenzer  

Title:
    Chief Executive Officer  
(Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial
    Officer) and Director  

By:  
      /s/
    Roberto Fata  
     December 16 ,
    2016   

Name:
    Roberto Fata  

Title:
    Executive Vice President   Business Development and Director  

24  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2016ex31i_dimitelematics.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

I,
Barry Tenzer, certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DiMi
Telematics International, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
December 16, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Barry Tenzer

Barry Tenzer,  
                                                                                   Chief Executive Officer and  Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2016ex32i_dimitelematics.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In
connection with the Annual Report of DiMi Telematics International, Inc.; (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ending August 31, 2016 (the  Report ) I, Barry Tenzer, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to the best of my knowledge and belief:  

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Dated:
December 16, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Barry Tenzer

Barry
    Tenzer, Chief Executive Officer and 
    Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 dimi-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dimi-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dimi-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dimi-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dimi-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dimi-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

