<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1606699_0001659173-16-000598_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1355166</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72623</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>121742</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>259041</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>438037</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>429893</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001659173-16-000598.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114082006
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001659173-16-000598
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICATOWNE Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001606699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				465488722
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55206
		FILM NUMBER:		161990763

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 HOMEWOOD COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 406 2713

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 HOMEWOOD COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALPINE 5 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140429

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001659173-16-000598.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 at10q320161104.htm
 10-Q - THIRD QUARTER

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
 FORM 10-Q  

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR 
[ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934 

Commission file number: 000-55206  

AMERICATOWNE, INC.  
(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN CHARTER) 

Delaware  
(STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) 

000-55206  
(COMMISSION FILE NO.) 

46-5488722  
(IRS EMPLOYEE IDENTIFICATION NO.) 

 4700 Homewood Court, Suite 100, Raleigh North
Carolina 27609 
(ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) 

(888) 406 2713 
(ISS-UER TELEPHONE NUMBER) 

[Table of Contents]    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

Large accelerated filer [    ]  
      Accelerated filer [    ]    
 
      Non-accelerated filer [    ]  
      Smaller reporting company [ X ]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X] 

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of October 31, 2016, the issuer had 26,834,775 shares of its common
stock issued and outstanding. 

[Table of Contents]    

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      PAGE   

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  
       4    

Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2016  
       5    

Statement of Operations for nine and three months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       6    

Statement of Cash Flows for nine and three months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       7    

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
       8    
 
      Item 2.  
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       20    
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       26    
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       26    

PART II  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       27    
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       27    
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       27    
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       27    
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
       27    
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       28    

Signatures  
       28    

[Table of Contents]    

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 
Item 1. Financial Statements. 
AMERICATOWNE Inc. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
Contents  

[Table of Contents]    

AMERICATOWNE Inc. 
Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

[Table of Contents]    

AMERICATOWNE Inc.   

     Consolidated
Statement of Operations 
(Unaudited)   

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

[Table of Contents]    

AMERICATOWNE Inc. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

[Table of Contents]    

AMERICATOWNE Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)   

   NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION
AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   

 AmericaTowne, Inc. (the
 Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on April 22, 2014. The Company is engaged in exporting
and consulting in the exportation of American made goods, products and services to China and Africa through strategic relationships
in China and in the United States, which is referred to internally by the Company as the  AmericaTowne Platform . The
Company's forward-looking vision is to create a physical location called AmericaTowne in China that incorporates business selling
the  American experience  in housing, retail, education, senior care and entertainment. On June 6, 2016, the Company
purchased the majority and controlling interest in ATI Modular Technology Corp ( ATI Modular ), formerly Global Recycle
Energy, Inc. through the acquisition of 100,000,000 shares (86%) of restricted common stock. The Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement
dated June 2, 2016 (the  SPA ) closed on June 6, 2016 with the $175,000 payment of the purchase price to Joseph Arcaro,
prior shareholder and sole director and officer of  ATI Modular. 

  ATI Modular is
engaged in the development and the exporting of modular energy efficient technology and processes that allow government and
private enterprises in China to use US based methods for creating modular spaces, facilities, and properties. The
Company's forward-looking vision is to create a physical location and manufacturing facility that promotes the export of US
based technology, equipment, and process that focuses on building modular buildings, and structures of all types that will be
used by both the public and private building and technology sectors in China. 

   NOTE 2. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

  Basis of Presentation  

 These financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). 

  Principles of Consolidation  

 The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and all its majority-owned subsidiaries which require consolidation. Inter-company
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

[Table of Contents]    

Interim Financial
Statements  

 These interim unaudited
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim
financial information. They do not include all of the information 0and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles
for complete consolidated financial statements. Therefore, these consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the Company's audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in its report on Form 10-K for the period from April
22, 2014 (inception) through December 31, 2014, and December 31, 2015. 

 The consolidated financial
statements included herein are unaudited; however, they contain all normal recurring accruals and adjustments that, in the opinion
of management, are necessary to present fairly the Company's financial position at September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations
and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The results of operations for the period ended September 30, 2016
are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or the full year. 

  Accounting Method  

 The Company's financial
statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a fiscal year ending on December 31. 

  Use of Estimates  

 The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 0disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
necessary in order to make the financial statements not misleading have been included. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

  Financial Instruments  

 The carrying amount reported in the balance
sheet for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, interest payable and short-term notes payable approximate
fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. 

Cash Equivalents  

 The Company considers
all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

  Concentration of Credit
Risk  

 Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to a significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents.
The Company maintains deposits in federally insured financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits. However, management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the depository institutions in
which those deposits are held. 

[Table of Contents]    

Property, Plant, and
Equipment  

 Property, plant and equipment
are initially recognized recorded at cost. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the period of disposal.
The cost of improvements that extend the life of plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural
improvements, equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

 Depreciation for financial
reporting purposes is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets: 

Office equipment 
     5 years  

For nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, depreciation expense is $3,180 and $1,078, respectively. 

  Investments  

 Investments primarily
include cost method investments. On September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of investments is $3,860. There are no identified events
or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on fair value of the investment as of September 30, 2016. 

  Income Taxes  

 Income taxes are provided
in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 740 Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability
is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment. 

 The Company was established
under the laws of the State of Delaware and is subject to U.S. federal income tax and Delaware state income tax. Deferred income
tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts and are based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred
income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. On September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there are no deferred tax
assets and liabilities. The Company had $71,743 and $35,747 of income tax liability as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. 

[Table of Contents]    

Earnings per Share  

 In February 1997, the
FASB issued ASC 260,  Earnings per Share , which specifies the computation, presentation and disclosure requirements
for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. ASC 260 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15, and
requires the presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share. The Company has adopted the
provisions of ASC 260 effective (inception). 

 Basic earnings (loss)
per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number
of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive securities had been issued. There
were no potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the periods presented. 

 For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted earnings per share are the same as basic earnings per share due to the lack of dilutive items
in the Company. 

  Segment Information  

 The standard,  Disclosures
about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information , codified with ASC 280, requires certain financial and supplementary
information to be disclosed on an annual and interim basis for each reportable segment of an enterprise. The Company believes that
it operates in business segment of marketing and sales in China while the Company's general administration function is performed
in the United States. On September 30, 2016, all assets and liabilities are located in the United States where the income and expense
has been incurred since inception to September 30, 2016. 

  Impact of New Accounting
Standards  

 The Company does not
expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company's results of operations,
financial position, or cash flow. 

  Pushdown Accounting
and Goodwill  

 Pursuant to applicable
rules (FASB ASC 805-50-S99) the Company used push down accounting to reflect Yilaime Corporation's purchase of 100% of the shares
of the Company's common stock. Richard Chiang, the Company's prior sole shareholder entered into an agreement to sell an aggregate
of 10,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock to Yilaime Corporation effective upon the closing date of the Share Purchase
Agreement dated June 26, 2014. Richard Chiang executed the agreement and owned no shares of the Company's common stock. This transaction
resulted in Yilaime Corporation retaining rights, title and interest to all issued and outstanding shares of common stock in the
Company. 

[Table of Contents]    

The purchase cost for the agreement was $40,000. The Company
used $40,000 as a new accounting basis for its net assets. Since there were no assets on the company's books on June 26, 2014,
to make the company's net assets $40,000, the Company recorded $40,331 in goodwill ($40,331-$331=$40,000; $331 was a liability
due to a related party). Therefore, in recognizing push down accounting, the Company's net asset increased by the amount reflected
by Goodwill. 

According to the Stock
Purchase and Sale Agreement dated June 2, 2016 (the  SPA ) closed on June 6, 2016, the Company purchased 86% of the
shares of ATI Modular. The purchase cost for the agreement was $175,000 and book value of ATI Modular s net assets on June
2, 2016 is ($3,859). The Company accordingly recognized 178,325 Goodwill in consolidation with ATI Modular. 

  Revenue Recognition  

 The Company's revenue
recognition policies comply with FASB ASC Topic 605. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery
has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured, and there are no significant subsequent
obligations for the Company to assume. 

 Prior to an agreement,
the Company assesses whether collectability from the potential customer is reasonably assured. The Company reviews the customer's
financial condition, which is an indicator of both its ability to pay, and, in turn, whether or not revenue is realizable. 

 The ability to pay is
an important criterion for entrance into an agreement with the customer. If management believes that the potential customer does
not have the ability to pay, normally an agreement is not entered into with the customer. 

 If, at the outset an
arrangement is entered into and the Company determines that the collectability of the revenue amount from the customer is questionable,
management would not recognize revenue until it receives the amount due or conditions change so that collectability is reasonably
assured. If collectability is reasonably assured at the outset of an arrangement, but subsequent changes in facts and circumstances
indicate collection from the customer is no longer probable, the amount is recorded as bad debt expense. 

 There are two primary
customer agreements currently offered to the Company's customers - (a) Licensing, Lease and Use Agreement ( Licensing Agreement ),
and (b) Exporter Services Agreement ( Exporter Agreement ). 

 (a) Licensing, Lease
and Use Agreement 

 For the License, Lease
and Use Agreement, the Company reflects revenue recognition over the course of the term. 

 (b) Exporter Services
Agreement. 

 For services provided
in the Exporter Service Agreement, the Company has two primary types of services called the Service Fee and Transaction Fee. Additionally,
under certain circumstances, the Company may charge an Extension Fee. The customer under the Exporter Services Agreement is defined
in this section as the  Exporter.  

[Table of Contents]    

The Service Fee  

 Upon signing the Exporters
Agreement, the Exporter is provided with services consisting of eight related components including: 1) market analysis; 2) review
of proposed goods and services; 3) expectations for supply and demand in the market; 4) conducting export business in China; 5)
information on financing; 6) information on the export tax savings programs; 7) international trade center assistance; and 8) selecting
and assigning a tax saving company. All eight components of the Service Fee are delivered as one deliverable upon the signing or
shortly thereafter of the Exporter Service Agreement with the exporter. The Company completes the earnings process upon the signing
the Exporter Service Agreement since the one service fee deliverable has been delivered and we have no further obligations. Revenue
is not recognized until the completion of these eight components and the Company has no further obligations. 

  The Transaction Fee  

 During this process,
the Exporter's goods and services are tested in the market, buyers or identified, deals or negotiated and the exporter products
and services are delivered, and payment is made. The Transaction Fee is normally a percentage of each transaction. 

 The Transaction Fee process
includes the Exporter's participation in three programs: 1) the Sample and Test Market Program; 2) Market Acceptance Program; and
3) Export Delivery Action. In the Sample and Test Market Program, an Exporter's products and services are tested in the market;
sources of goods and services are confirmed; price indications are confirmed; and an Exporter and buyer match occurs. In the Market
Acceptance Program, the export deal is identified and negotiated. Finally, in the Export Delivery Action, the goods are shipped
and delivered and payment is made. The Company does not recognize revenue until completion of these three programs and the Company
has no further obligations. 

 Throughout the life of
the Exporter Agreement, the Company expects Exporters to complete multiple transactions. Each transaction is a separate and independent
process. 

  The Extension Fee  

 The Extension Fee is
an independent accounting unit. The Extension Fee is a fee charged to those Exporters who in rare cases for whatever reason fail
to avail themselves of the Transaction Process. The Exporter has one-year to participate in the Sample and Test Market Program.
Afterwards, provided no transaction has occurred and the Exporter agrees to pay a fee equal to 25% of the original Service fee
within thirty (30) days (the  Extension Fee ), the Exporter may continue the Transaction Process. If the Extension Fee
is not paid, the Exporter's participation and membership in the Sample and Test Program terminates. In the event of termination,
the balance of any prior fees is still due and payable. 

 Provided
that the Exporter agrees to pay the Extension Fee and continues with the Transaction Process, at the end of the Transaction Process
and the last Transaction Fee deliverable is made, the Transaction Fee Process is completed. Upon completion, the Company has no
further obligations, revenue is recognized, and the Exporter is invoiced for both the Extension Fee and the Transaction Fee. 

 After the Exporter pays
the Extension Fee, if no transaction has occurred for sixty (60) calendars days, the Company is exempt from any obligation to provide
further Transaction Process services and it recognizes revenue of the Extension Fee. 

[Table of Contents]    

The Company recognizes
revenue on a gross basis. 

 We have gross presentation
for services provided by Yilaime, a contractor to the Company prior to the consummation of an arrangement. 

 In accordance with ASC605-45-45,
the gross basis to recognize revenue applies since the Company is the primary obligor in the arrangement. 

 The Company expects to
realize revenue for export funding and support, and franchise and license fees for United States support locations, and education
initiatives. Additionally, if and when the Company further develops AmericaTowne, revenues would be expected to be recognized for
(a) villa sales, rentals, timeshare and leasing; (b) hotel leasing and or operational revenues and sales; (c) theme park and performing
art center operations, sales and/or leasing; and (d) senior care facilities, operations and or sales. 

 The Company does not
provide unconditional right of return, price protection or any other concessions to its customers. 

 There were no sales returns
and allowances from inception to September 30, 2016. 

  Valuation of Goodwill  

 We assess goodwill for
potential impairments at the end of each fiscal year, or during the year if an event or other circumstance indicates that we may
not be able to recover the carrying amount of the asset. In evaluating goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors
to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount. If we conclude that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit
is less than its carrying value, then no further testing of the goodwill assigned to the reporting unit is required. However, if
we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then we perform
a two-step goodwill impairment test to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment to
be recognized, if any. 

 In the first step of
the review process, we compare the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. If the estimated fair value
of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further analysis is needed. If the estimated fair value of the reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount, we proceed to the second step of the review process to calculate the implied fair value
of the reporting unit goodwill in order to determine whether any impairment is required. We calculate the implied fair value of
the reporting unit goodwill by allocating the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of
the reporting unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. If the carrying value of the reporting
unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we recognize an impairment loss for that excess amount. In allocating
the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, we use industry and
market data, as well as knowledge of the industry and our past experiences. 

[Table of Contents]    

We base our calculation
of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit on the income approach. For the income approach, we use internally developed discounted
cash flow models that include, among others, the following assumptions: projections of revenues and expenses and related cash flows
based on assumed long-term growth rates and demand trends; expected future investments to grow new units; and estimated discount
rates. We base these assumptions on our historical data and experience, third-party appraisals, industry projections, micro and
macro general economic condition projections, and our expectations. 

 We have had no goodwill
impairment charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The estimated fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded
its' respective carrying amount by more than 100 percent based on our models and assumptions.  

   NOTE 3. ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE   

 The nature of the net
accounts receivable for September 30, 2016, in the amount of $1,988,108 are for Export Service Agreements with 27 exporter and
7 trade center receivable balances. The Company's allowance for bad debt is $142,257, which provides a net receivable balance of
$1,845,851. 

 Accounts' receivable
is stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Management provides for probable uncollected amounts
through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance for bad debts based on its assessment of the current status of individual
accounts. Balances that are still outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a
charge to the allowance for bad debts and a credit to accounts receivable. 

 Accounts receivable consist
of the following: 

Bad debt expense was
$49,852 and $29,811 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

  Allowance for bad
debt policy  

 Our bad debt policy is
determined by the Company's periodic review of each account receivable for reasonable assurance of collection. Factors considered
are the exporter's financial condition, past payment history if any, any conversations with the exporter about the exporter's financial
conditions and any other extenuating circumstances. Based upon the above factors the Company makes a determination whether the
receivable are reasonable assured of collection. Based upon our review if required we adjust the allowance for bad debt. 

[Table of Contents]    

NOTE 4. NOTES PAYABLE   

 On February 1, 2016, a $107,760 promissory
note was issued to Mr. Xianghai Lin for operations in Meishan and elsewhere in China. The note bears a 5% annual interest rate
and its principal and accrued interest are due on December 31, 2016. After the maturity date, the interest rate will increase to
10.5%. This Note is secured by the personal guarantee of Alton Perkins, Chairman of the Company. 

On February 13, 2016 a note previously issued
to Mr. Xianghai Lin with a balance of $10,935 was exchanged for 3,976 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On February 13, 2016 the $107,760 note was
exchanged for 39,185 shares of the Company s common stock. 

NOTE 5. SHAREHOLDER'S
EQUITY   

 The Company incorporates
by reference all prior disclosures for the period identified herein. See Part II, Item 6. The stockholders' equity section of the
Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of September 30, 2016: 

Common stock, $ 0.0001 par value: 100,000,000 shares authorized; 26,834,775
shares issued and outstanding 

 Preferred stock, $ 0.0001 par value: 5,000,000 shares authorized; but
not issued and outstanding. 

NOTE 6. STOCK BASED
COMPENSATION   

 For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, $287,390 and $280,737 of stock compensation were charged to operating expenses, respectively. $1,090,105
and $1,233,198 were recorded as deferred compensation on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

 ATI Modular entered into
an employment lock-up agreement on July 1, 2016 with Alton Perkins to serve as the Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. The term of Mr. Perkins' agreement is five years with ATI Modular retaining an
option to extend in one-year periods. In consideration for Mr. Perkins' services, ATI Modular has agreed to issue to his designee,
the Alton   Xiang Mei Lin Perkins Family Trust, 10,000,000 shares of common stock. ATI Modular may elect in the future to include
money compensation to Mr. Perkins or his designee for his services provided there is sufficient cash flow. The shares have not
issued on September 30, 2016 and the ATI Modular accrued $500 for related compensation. 

   NOTE 7. RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

 Yilaime Corporation,
a Nevada corporation ( Yilaime ) and Yilaime Corporation of NC ( Yilaime NC ) are related parties to the Company.
Yilaime is a  Control Party  to AmericaTowne because it has title to greater than 50% of the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock in the Company. Alton Perkins is the majority shareholder and controlling principal of Yilaime, Yilaime NC, Perkins
DISC and the Company. Additionally, for those  trade centers  set forth below, Mr. Perkins directs all major activities
and operating policies of each entity. The common control may result in operating results or a financial position significantly
different from that, which would have been obtained if the enterprises were autonomous. Further, pursuant to ASC 850-10-50-6 the
Company lists and provides details for all material Related Party transactions so that readers of the financial statements can
better assess and predict the possible impact on performance. 

[Table of Contents]    

Nature of Related Parties'
Relationship 

 On October 8, 2014, the
Company entered into the Stock Exchange Agreement with Yilaime NC. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Exchange Agreement, in consideration
for the issuance of 3,616,059 shares of common stock in the Company to Yilaime NC, Yilaime NC conveyed 10,848,178 shares of its
restricted common stock to the Company. The intent of the parties in executing and performing under the Stock Exchange Agreement
is to effectuate tax-free reorganization under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The Company issued the 3,616,059
shares of common stock to Yilaime NC on May 14, 2015. As result of receiving 10,848,178 shares of issued and outstanding common
stock in Yilaime (4.5% of issued and outstanding), the Company recorded a $3,860 investment in use of Cost Method. 

 The Company authorized
Yilaime NC to transfer 3,616,059 of these shares pursuant to the Company's effective registration statement on Form S-1/A on November
5, 2015. 

 The Company entered into
a Service Provider Agreement with Yilaime on October 27, 2014 (the  Service Agreement ) wherein certain  Export
Funding and Support Services  and  Occupancy Services,  as defined therein, are provided to the Company in consideration
for a fee. In addition to these fees, Yilaime has to pay an Operations Fee to the Company for exclusive rights. Mr. Perkins is
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and is the majority shareholder and controlling person of Yilaime. 

 The Company also leased
office space from Yilaime NC for $3,416/month. 

 On June 27, 2016, ATI Modular entered into
a Sales and Support Services Agreement with Yilaime. Under the Services Agreement, Yilaime will provide ATI Modular
with marketing, sales and support services in the ATI Modular s pursuit of ATI Modular business in China in consideration
of a commission equal to 10% of the gross amount of monies procured for ATI Modular through Yilaime s services. In consideration
of the right to receive this commission, Yilaime has agreed to pay ATI Modular a quarterly fee of $250,000 starting on July 1,
2016. The Services Agreement is set to expire on June 10, 2020, absent early termination for breach thereof by either party. Yilaime
retains an option to extend the term under its sole discretion until June 10, 2025 by providing written notice to ATI Modular by
March 10, 2019. Yilaime has agreed to be ATI Modular s exclusive independent contractor in providing the services in the
Services Agreement, and has agreed to a non-compete and non-circumvent agreement. 

Yilaime is obligated
to provide support services only in a manner that is deemed commercially acceptable by Yilaime and Yilaime has the sole right to
determine the means, manner and method by which services will be provided and at the time and location of its choosing. Furthermore,
as the control person of Yilaime, Mr. Perkins might make decisions he deems are in the best interests of Yilaime, which might be
to the detriment of the goals and objectives of ATI Modular. 

 Pursuant to ASC 850-10-50-6,
the Company makes the following transaction disclosures for nine months ending September 30, 2016: 

 Consolidated Operating
Statement Related Party Transactions (for nine months ending September 30, 2016). 

[Table of Contents]    

(a) $150,000 and $250,000
in revenues for Yilaime's exclusive agreement with the Company and ATI Modular, respectively; 

 (b) $175,000 in Trade
Center Service Agreement Revenue; 

 (c) $117,062 in expenses
under costs of revenues paid to Yilaime for services pursuant to the Service Agreement; 

 (d) $463,000 for general
and administrative expenses for commissions and fees. 

 (e) $22,665 for general
and administrative expenses for rent expenses the Company paid to Yilaime towards its lease agreement; $7,500 for general and administrative
expenses for rent expenses ATI Modular paid to Yilaime towards its lease agreement. 

 (f)
$287,390 for general and administrative operating expenses recorded as stock compensation for respective employment agreements. 

 (g)
16,536 shares issued to Perkins Hsu Export Corporation at $2.75 per share in an exchange for an Accounts Payable of $45,472.76
owed by the Company. 

 (h) $3,859 other income
of debt forgiveness from Joseph Arcaro to ATI Modular. 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheet Related Party Transactions (on September 30, 2016) 

 (a) $165,000 Trade Center
receivables owed to the Company. 

 (b) $191,891 receivables
owed to ATI Modular by Yilaime. 

 (c) $100,000 prepayment
made to Yilaime. 

 (d) Other receivables
include $29,639 advances to Officers-Alton Perkins (The Company: $24,327; ATI Modular: $5,312) and $14,677 purchase mining equipment
and advances for Yilaime Nairobi Ltd. 

 (e) $3,860 investment
under assets associated with the Stock Exchange Agreement 

 (f) The Perkins Family
Trust purchased 51,671 shares at $2.75 per share for $125,000 pursuant to the Company s Direct Public Offering. Yilaime purchased
6,216 shares at $2.75 per share for $17,094 pursuant to the Company s Direct Public Offering. 

 (g) $1,090,105 as deferred
compensation pursuant to respective employment agreements. 

 (h) Alton Perkins
is the  control person of Yilaime and Yilaime NC. 

[Table of Contents]    

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements   

Information included or incorporated by reference
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain
as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the Company. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of
the date hereof. Forward-looking statements may contain the words  believes,   project,   expects, 
 anticipates,   estimates,   forecasts,   intends,   strategy,   plan, 
 may,   will,   would,   will be,   will continue,   will likely
result,  and similar expressions, and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Additionally, statements
relating to implementation of business strategy, future financial performance, acquisition strategies, capital raising transactions,
performance of contractual obligations, and similar statements may contain forward-looking statements.  In evaluating such
statements, prospective investors and shareholders should carefully review various risks and uncertainties identified in this Report,
including the matters set forth under the captions  Risk Factors  and in the Company s other SEC filings. These
risks and uncertainties could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update or publicly announce revisions to any forward-looking statements to
reflect future events or developments. 

Although forward-looking statements in this
Form 10-Q reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known
by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes
may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically addressed
under the heading  Risk Factors Related to Our Business  below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q.
Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form
10-Q. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). You can read and copy any materials we file
with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F. Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You can obtain additional information
about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet
site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC, including us. 

We disclaim any obligation to revise or
update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of
this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects.  

[Table of Contents]    

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

  General Description
of Business  

 The Company is engaged
in exporting and consulting in the exporting of American made goods, products and services to China and Africa through strategic
relationships in China, Africa and in the United States, which is referred to internally by the Company as the  AmericaTowne
Platform . The AmericaTowne Platform is advanced, in part, through the trade center agreements defined above as: (a) AmericaTowne
New Jersey, (b) AmericaTowne PA, (c) AmericaTowne Philadelphia, (d) AmericaTowne Ghana, (e) AmericaTowne Nigeria (f) AmericaTowne
Ivory Coast and (g) Yilaime Nairobi. Yilaime Nairobi has an actual physical location and operations, as disclosed herein. As with
any business plan that is aspirational in nature, there is no assurance we will be able to accomplish all of our objectives or
that we will be able to meet our financing needs to accomplish our objectives. 

  Mission  

  AmericaTowne is
to be a world-class, globally respected and profitable company, providing value to its customers, the environment and the lives
of the people we service.  Although this statement is forward-looking, the Company has already made strides in facilitating
relationships intended to advance its mission. 

 The Company's aim is
to increase US export and employment by providing upper and middle-income consumers in China and elsewhere with  Made In The
USA  goods and services allowing customers to experience the United States' culture and lifestyle. In achieving this objective,
our focus is on four initiatives: 

 (1)    The
development of a United States International Trade Center in Meishan Ningbo China and elsewhere with employees and/or independent
contractors focusing on advancing our initial business objective, which is to be the  go-to  place for all things  Made
In The USA.  

 (2)    The
development of upwards of 20 AmericaTowne communities in China with each community consisting of upwards of 50 United States based
companies, and upscale hotels, villas, children theme parks, senior care, wellness and educational facilities - all based upon
United States culture and lifestyle. 

 (3)    The
development of an internet platform in Chinese to complement (1) and (2), above, focusing on importing  Made In The USA 
goods and services to China through internet sales. 

 (4)   The development
of Trade Center operations in the United States and internationally to support and advance the above-referenced initiatives. 

 These initiatives are
admittedly aspirational in nature. Our intent is to accomplish the majority, if not all, of our initiatives, but there is no assurance
we will or that our financing needs to meet our initiatives will be met. 

 The Company currently
has 27 exporters and 7 trade center operators in our export program. In addition, Manhattan Institute of Management and six institutions
associated with Student Resource USA (Capella University, Walden University, Western Governors University, Northcentral University,
Belhaven University and National University) are represented in our education export initiative. 

[Table of Contents]    

From September 4 - 11,
2016, at the invitation of Government officials the Company visited Chizhou, Xiamen, Yongan and Longyan China. Previously, during
a trip in June 2016, the Company signed two agreements with Shexian County Investment Promotion Bureau (the  Shexian County
Bureau ) in Shexian China for AmericaTowne Communities and Modular Construction, both of which were disclosed on Form 8K
on June 28, 2016. 

  Investment and Cooperation
Agreement for ATI Modular Green Building Manufacturing Project (Jiangnan)  

   On September
8, 2016, ATI Modular, entered into the Investment and Cooperation Agreement for ATI Modular Green Building Manufacturing Project
with the Jiangnan Industry Zone in Anhui Province (the  Jiangnan Agreement ). Under the Jiangnan Agreement, ATI has
agreed to manufacture and install modular buildings, and provide research into the development of green building module manufacturing.
ATI Modular has agreed to provide appropriate technology and intelligent systems in providing modular building lifecycle services.
The location of the planned project is the New Material Industry Park in the Jiangnan Industry Zone in Anhui Province. The parties
have projected a cost of $30,000,000.  

ATI Modular
has agreed to grant the Jiangnan Industry Zone audit, access, supervision, inspection and other rights. The Jiangnan Industry
Zone has agreed to coordinate any and all necessary services in securing benefits associated with ATI Modular being a foreign
investment enterprise, including but not limited to, providing the site for the manufacturing facility, tax relief, access to
financing and a  Project Headquarter  for ATI Modular, which is defined in the Jiangnan Agreement.  

The Jiangnan
Agreement is not a definitive agreement; rather, it is a memorialization of the parties  future intent as to the subject
matter therein. ATI Modular s business plans and objectives could be impaired in the event the parties do not reach a definitive
agreement.  

Investment
and Cooperation Agreement for ATI Modular Green Building Manufacturing Project (Yongan)   

On September
9, 2016, ATI Modular entered into the Investment and Cooperation Agreement for ATI Modular Green Building Manufacturing Project
with the Yongan government in the Fujian province (the  Yongan Agreement ). Under the Yongan Agreement, similar to
the Jiangnan Agreement, ATI Modular has agreed to manufacture and install modular buildings, and provide research into the development
of green building module manufacturing. ATI Modular has agreed to provide appropriate technology and intelligent systems in providing
modular building lifecycle services. The location of the planned project is Yongan city in the Fujian province, China. The parties
have projected a cost of $30,000,000.  

ATI Modular
has agreed to grant the Yongan government audit, access, supervision, inspection and other rights. The Yongan government has agreed
to coordinate any and all necessary services in securing benefits associated with ATI Modular being a foreign investment enterprise,
including but not limited to, providing the site for the manufacturing facility, tax relief, access to financing and a  Project
Headquarter  for ATI Modular, which is defined in the Yongan Agreement. The Yongan Agreement is not a definitive agreement;
rather, it is a memorialization of the parties  future intent as to the subject matter therein. ATI Modular s business
plans and objectives could be impaired in the event the parties do not reach a definitive agreement.  

Though we
are planning to develop additional United States trade centers in other areas in the United States and Africa through
our relationship with ATI Modular (or perhaps through similar agreements with unrelated parties), other than those set forth above,
we are completing preliminary work in setting up these locations. AmericaTowne Nairobi, AmericaTowne Nigeria, AmericaTowne
Ivory Coast, and AmericaTowne Ghana are operational with physical locations and staff. 

 The AmericaTowne Community
planned in China and our Internet operations with Chinese websites planned are not yet operational. While we plan to have robust
operations in the United States and international locations to support the AmericaTowne concept and trade center, we expect 55%
to 65% of our operations and revenue will come from China. 

 China's economy and its
government impact our revenues and operations. While we have an agreement in place with the government in Meishan Ningbo China
to operate the United States International Trade Center in Meishan Island China, and the government of Shexian to operate both
a modular construction facility and AmericaTowne communities, there is no assurance that we will operate the businesses successfully.
Additionally, the Company will need government approval in China to operate other aspects of our business plan. There is no assurance
that we will be successful in obtaining approvals from government entities to operate other aspects of our business plan. 

  General Discussion  

 We plan to earn revenues
and income, and generate cash, by focusing on our four core business operations and initiatives, as set forth above. At this point,
the Company's revenue is generated from our Service Provider and Exporter Service Agreements. We generate revenues and cash by
servicing these agreements. We work with exporters carefully and focus on our accounts receivable as part of managing our projected
tight liquidity position. Additionally, we work with exporters closely in developing export strategies for the goods and services
they planned to export. 

 At present, the bulk
of our operations take place at our Raleigh, North Carolina office, which acts as a model for plans for our United States Trade
Center operations. We are in the process of outfitting our operations in Meishan and possibly other locations in China. We have
hired two full-time managers to operate the facilities located at Meishan and other locations in China. 

[Table of Contents]    

Our short-term operational
objectives are to develop our exporter pipeline, grow revenues and increase operations and facilities in the United States while
bringing our facilities online in Chizhou, China. Our focus currently is on enhancing our exporter base, including working with
state export agencies to identify exporters as well as sources of goods and services made in the United States that are in demand
in China. Along with increasing our United States operations, we are hoping to identify additional key staff in the United States
and China that can help us implement our plan. While we feel optimistic about meeting the challenges as well as the opportunities
before us, there is no assurance that we will be able to meet the challenges or take advantage of opportunities we perceive are
available. 

 To achieve its long-term
objectives, the Company intends on shifting its revenue stream from a United Stated-based to a China-based stream by fully operating
all planned activities at the planned locations and other trade centers, and activities within our AmericaTowne complexes and Chinese-based
internet sites. Each of the Company's four core initiatives presents challenges, risks, and opportunities. 

 We believe that we see
positive trends in the export area. Additionally, the Company plans to pursue opportunities in export not often thought of as an
 exported commodity. Along with our planned core AmericaTowne communities, trade centers in the United States and China, and
Internet operations, the Company plans on pursuing opportunities that are traditionally not thought of as an export commodity.
While we are developing our core export businesses we will seek too diverse by acquiring and or partnering with other businesses
that we expect to provide sustained long term growth. 

 There is no assurance
we will be able to pursue these opportunities successfully. Additionally, our short and long-term liquidity position is impacted
by the success we achieve in implementing our plans. We do plan on pursuing the full range of available funding opportunities.
Additionally, we expect to help those in our exporting program with funding opportunities and various programs that may be available
to them in the private community, and at the state and national level within the United States. 

 Additionally, going forward
we expect to take advantage of the various export tax laws that will help our cash flow position as well as assist our exporters
with their growth. There is no assurance that our plans will be successful. There will be cost to bring all of the planned facilities
online in China, including the costs involved with the Trade Center in Meishan and other locations in China. While we do have a
plan to cover these costs, there can be no assurance that our plan will be successful. While we have discussed the possibility
of outside investments in various forms, there are no agreements in place or any assurance that they will be realized in the future. 

 The uncertainty of implementing
our business plan in China and the various laws and policies in China and how they may impact our Company going forward is real.
There is no assurance that we will be able to navigate the laws and policies at the national or local level that will allow us
to achieve objectives outlined in our business plan. Though our results of operations thus far have been effective, there can be
no assurance that we will obtain the same results going forward. 

[Table of Contents]    

Results of Operations for the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016  

 Our operating results
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are summarized as follows: 

Revenues  

 During the third quarter
of 2016, the Company had sales of $301,135. The Company's sales consisted of $50,000 in services to Yilaime for Operations Fees
and $250,000 recognized by ATI Modular Support Services Agreement with Yilaime. 

  Operating Expenses  

 Our expenses for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 are outlined in the table below: 

Our operating expenses
are largely attributable to commissions and professional fees related to our reporting requirements as a public company and implementation
of our business plan. 

  Net Income  

 As a result of our operations,
the Company reported net loss after tax obligations of $156,035 for the third Quarter of 2016. 

[Table of Contents]    

Results of Operations
for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

 Our operating results
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are summarized as follows: 

Revenues  

 For three quarters ending
September 30, 2016, total sales were $1,577,405. The Company's sales consisted of $999,000 in Service Fees, $325,000 in services
to related parties for Operations Fees and $250,000 recognized by ATI Modular Support Services Agreement with Yilaime. Total Cost
of Revenue was $460,066, and Cost of Revenue to related parties totaled $117,062. The $1,577,405 in revenue was from Service Fees
charged to FEMEB Nigeria Limited for $849,000; $5,000 for the education program; and Ivory Coast, Nigeria, Ghana, Kenya and New
Jersey Trade Centers for $35,000 each as related parties, Hosana Home Healthcare Exports for $35,000 and CVRT, and Golden Ventures
for $55,000 each and $250,000 recognized by ATI Modular Support Services Agreement with Yilaime. The 117,062 in Costs of Revenues
was attributed to payments to Yilaime under its Service Agreement. Costs of Revenue expenses for $342,680 were attributed to supplies
and machinery due under the FEMEB Nigeria agreement. We can make no assurances that we will find commercial success in any of our
revenue producing contracts. We are a new company and thus have very limited experience in sales expectations and forecasting.
We also have not fully discovered any seasonality to our business as we began operations in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

  Operating Expenses  

 Our expenses for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 are outlined in the table below: 

Our operating expenses
are largely attributable to commissions and professional fees related to our reporting requirements as a public company. 

[Table of Contents]    

Net Income  

 As a result of our operations
for nine months ending September 30, 2016, the Company reported net income after tax obligations of $5,505. 

  Liquidity and Capital Resources  

  Working Capital  

Cash
Flow   

Cash Provided by Operating
Activities  

 Increase in accounts
payable and deposit from customers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was the main contributing factor for our positive
operating cash flow. 

  Cash Used in Investing
Activities  

 We spent $1,765 on fixed
assets and $175,000 in acquisition of a subsidiary for nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

  Cash Provided by Financing
Activities  

 We received proceeds
of $375,211 from issuing common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

  Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements  

 We have not entered into
any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

[Table of Contents]    

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.  

 None. 

    Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

   Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

 As required by Rule 13a-15
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated our company's
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the
period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that as of the end of the period covered by this report, these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure
that the information required to be disclosed by our company in reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities
Exchange Commission and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our company's management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The conclusion
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective was due to the presence of the following material weaknesses in
internal control over financial reporting which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation
of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of both United States generally accepted accounting principles and Securities
and Exchange Commission guidelines. Management anticipates that such disclosure controls and procedures will not be effective until
the material weaknesses are remediated. 

 As described in Basis
of Presentation in this Third Quarter Report for fiscal year 2016, the Company recently determined that a material weakness existed
in the Firm's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
as of September 30, 2016. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

 As a result of that determination,
the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have since concluded that the Firm's disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016. 

 We plan to take steps
to enhance and improve the design of our internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses,
we plan to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending December 31, 2016, subject to obtaining additional financing:
(i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii)
adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out above
are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are
unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

[Table of Contents]    

Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within
our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

  Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

 There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

 There are not presently
any material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such
proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

    Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds.  

 None. 

    Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

 None. 

    Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

 Not applicable. 

    Item 5. Other Information.  

 The
Company incorporates by reference all prior disclosures for the period identified herein. The number of shares sold during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 under our direct public offering was 1,591,570.  

[Table of Contents]    

Item 6. Exhibits.  

Incorporated by reference     
 
       Exhibit   
       Exhibit Description   
       Filed herewith   
       Form   
       Period ending   
       Exhibit   
       Filing date    
 
      31.1
    and 31.2  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      X  

32.1
    and 32.2  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      X  

SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

  /s/Alton Perkins   
AMERICATOWNE, INC. 
By: Alton Perkins 
Its: Chairman of the Board, Chief 
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
Date: November 14, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

AMERICATOWNE, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Alton Perkins, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of AmericaTowne,
Inc. for the Third Quarter of 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am the registrant s sole officer
and thus am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a.      
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
my supervision, to ensure, with a reasonable degree of certainty, that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b.      
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.      
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d.      
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the registrant's board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.      
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information,
including but not limited to those identified in Item 4 (Controls and Procedures) in the registrant s quarterly report on
Form 10-Q; and 

b.      
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:   /s/ Alton Perkins    

 Alton Perkins 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

AMERICATOWNE, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Alton Perkins, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of AmericaTowne,
Inc. for the Third Quarter of 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am the registrant s sole officer
and thus am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a.      
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
my supervision, to ensure, with a reasonable degree of certainty, that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b.      
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.      
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d.      
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the registrant's board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.      
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information,
including but not limited to those identified in Item 4 (Controls and Procedures) in the registrant s quarterly report on
Form 10-Q; and 

b.      
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:   /s/ Alton Perkins    

 Alton Perkins 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

AMERICATOWNE, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
AmericaTowne, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Alton Perkins, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)       The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

(3)       A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Secretary for AmericaTowne, Inc., and
will be retained by the company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:   /s/ Alton Perkins    

 Alton Perkins 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

AMERICATOWNE, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
AmericaTowne, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Alton Perkins, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)       The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

(3)       A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Secretary for AmericaTowne, Inc., and
will be retained by the company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:   /s/ Alton Perkins    

 Alton Perkins 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 none-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 none-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 none-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 none-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 none-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 none-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

