<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1612720_0001213900-16-018504_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1399038</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63129</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>110474</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>247563</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>545422</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>408209</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018504.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114170752
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018504
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Harmony Merger Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001612720
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				465723951
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36842
		FILM NUMBER:		161995846

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 THIRD AVENUE, 37TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-319-7676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 THIRD AVENUE, 37TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018504.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_harmonymerger.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(MARK
ONE)   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the period ended September 30, 2016   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from                  to   

Commission
file number:  001-36842    

HARMONY
    MERGER CORP.    
 
      (Exact
    Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Delaware   
         
       46-5723951    
 
       (State
        or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation
        or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
        Employer  
          Identification
        No.)    

777
Third Avenue, 37th Floor   

   New
York, New York 10017   

  (Address
of principal executive offices)  

212-319-7676   

  (Issuer s
telephone number)  

Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ('232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer   
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No    

As
of November 14, 2016, 15,084,750 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share were issued and outstanding.  

HARMONY
MERGER CORP.   

FORM
10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page   
 
      Part
    I.  
     Financial Information 

Item
    1. Financial Statements  

Condensed
    Balance Sheets   
      1   

Condensed
    Statements of Operations   
      2   

Condensed
    Statements of Cash Flows  
      3   

Notes
    to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  
      4-10   

Item
    2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      11-12   

Item
    3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk  
      12   

Item
    4. Controls and Procedures  
      13   
 
      Part
    II.  
     Other Information 

Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      14   

Item
    6. Exhibits  
      15   

Signatures  
      16   

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements.   

   Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Condensed
Balance Sheets   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations   

   (unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows   

   (unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements   

Note
1   Organization and Plan of Business Operations   

Harmony
Merger Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on May 21, 2014 as a blank check company whose objective
is to acquire, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other
similar business combination, one or more businesses or entities (a  Business Combination ).  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( US GAAP ) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  

All
activity through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation, initial public offering and identifying suitable
candidates for a Business Combination.  

The
registration statement for the Company s initial public offering was declared effective on March 23, 2015. The Company consummated
a public offering of 11,500,000 units ( Units ) on March 27, 2015 (the  Offering ), including the exercise
of the over-allotment option ( Overallotment ) of 1,500,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of $115,000,000 and net
proceeds of $112,605,665 after deducting $2,394,335 of transaction costs (up to an additional $4,325,000 of deferred underwriting
expenses may be paid upon the completion of a business combination), which is discussed in Note 3. In addition, the Company generated
gross and net proceeds of $5,585,000 from a private placement (the  Private Placement ) of units ( Private Units )
to certain of the Initial Stockholders (defined below) and Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., the representative of the underwriters
in the Offering ( Cantor ), which is described in Note 4.  

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Offering and
Private Placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business
Combination. The Company s securities are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( NASDAQ ). Pursuant to the NASDAQ
listing rules, the Company s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective
fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for such Business Combination, although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to effect a Business Combination successfully.  

Following
the closing of the Offering and the Private Placement on March 27, 2015, an amount of $117,300,000 (or $10.20 per share sold to
the public in the Offering included in the Units ( Public Shares )) from the sale of the Units and Private Units is
being held in a trust account ( Trust Account ) and may be invested in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions
of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest solely in U.S. Treasuries or United
States bonds, treasuries or notes having a maturity of 180 days or less. The $117,300,000 placed into the Trust Account may not
be released until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) the Company s
failure to consummate a Business Combination within the prescribed time. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account)
may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative
expenses. Additionally, the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to the Company to pay the Company s
tax obligations. Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although
the Company will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities it engages, execute
agreements with the Company waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account, there is no guarantee
that such persons will execute such agreements.  

The
Company, after signing a definitive merger agreement for a Business Combination, is required to provide stockholders who acquired
Public Shares in the Offering ( Public Stockholders ) with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares for a pro
rata share of the Trust Account. In the event that stockholders owning approximately 92.00% or more of the Public Shares exercise
their conversion rights described below, the Business Combination will not be consummated. The actual percentages, however, will
only be able to be determined once a target business is located and the Company can assess all of the assets and liabilities of
the combined company upon consummation of the proposed Business Combination, subject to the requirement that the Company must
have at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon close of such Business Combination. As a result, the actual percentage of
shares that can be converted may be significantly lower than the above estimates. The stockholders of the Company prior to the
Offering (the  Initial Stockholders ) have agreed to vote any shares they then hold in favor of any proposed Business
Combination and will waive any conversion rights with respect to these shares and the shares included in the Private Units pursuant
to letter agreements executed in connection with the Offering.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements   

In
connection with any proposed Business Combination, the Company will seek stockholder approval of an initial Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which Public Stockholders may seek to convert their Public Shares, regardless of whether
they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of an initial Business Combination,
any Public Stockholder voting either for or against such proposed Business Combination will be entitled to demand that his Public
Shares be converted into a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially $10.20 per share, plus any
pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not released to the Company to pay its taxes). Holders of
warrants sold as part of the Units will not be entitled to vote on the proposed Business Combination and will have no conversion
or liquidation rights with respect to their shares of common stock underlying such warrants.  

The
Company will consummate a Business Combination only if holders of less than approximately 92.00% of the Public Shares, subject
to adjustment as described above, elect to convert their shares to a pro-rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account
and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted, are voted in favor of the Business Combination. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company provides that a Public Stockholder, together
with any affiliate or other person with whom such Public Stockholder is acting in concert or as a  group  (within
the meaning of Section 13 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended), will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect
to an aggregate of more than 20% of the Public Shares (but only with respect to the amount over 20% of the Public Shares). A  group 
will be deemed to exist if Public Stockholders (i) file a Schedule 13D or 13G indicating the presence of a group or (ii) acknowledge
to the Company that they are acting, or intend to act, as a group.  

Pursuant
to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business
Combination by March 27, 2017, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining holders of common stock
and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate. If the Company is unable to consummate an initial Business
Combination and is forced to redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust
Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not released to the Company to pay any of its taxes. Holders of warrants will
receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation. The Initial Stockholders and the holders of Private Units will not participate
in any redemption distribution with respect to their initial shares and Private Units, including the common stock included in
the Private Units.  

If
the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination and expends all of the net proceeds of the Offering not deposited
in the Trust Account, without taking into account any interest earned on the Trust Account, the Company expects that the initial
per-share redemption price for common stock will be $10.20. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become
subject to claims of the Company s creditors that are in preference to the claims of the Company s stockholders. In
addition, if the Company is forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against it that is not
dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in its bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of the Company s common stockholders. Therefore,
the actual per-share redemption price may be less than $10.20.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements   

Eric
S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, has agreed that he will be liable to the Company if and to the extent
any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the
Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduces the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $10.20
per public share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust
Account and except as to any claims under the indemnity of the underwriters of the Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third
party, Mr. Rosenfeld will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. Furthermore, he will
not be personally liable to Public Stockholders and instead will only have liability to the Company. The Company has not independently
verified whether Mr. Rosenfeld has sufficient funds to satisfy his indemnity obligations and, therefore, Mr. Rosenfeld may not
be able to satisfy those obligations. The Company has not asked Mr. Rosenfeld to reserve for such eventuality. Accordingly, if
the Company liquidates, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than $10.20 due to claims or potential
claims of creditors.  

Mr.
Rosenfeld has also agreed to enter into an agreement in accordance with the guidelines of Rule 10b5-1of the Exchange Act, pursuant
to which he will place limit orders for an aggregate of up to $500,000 of common stock of the Company commencing on the later
of (1) two business days after a Form 8-K disclosing all material information relating to an initial Business Combination, and
(2) 60 days after the termination of the  restricted period  in connection with Offering under Regulation M of the
Exchange Act, and ending on the record date for the shareholder meeting at which such initial Business Combination is to be approved,
or earlier in certain circumstances as described in the limit order agreement, which is referred to as the buyback period. These
limit orders will require Mr. Rosenfeld to purchase any shares of common stock of the Company offered for sale (and not purchased
by another investor) at or below a price equal to the per-share amount held in the Trust Account as reported in such Form 8-K,
until the earlier of (1) the expiration of the buyback period or (2) the date such purchases reach $500,000 in total. The Company
will provide at least 20 business days between the beginning of the buyback period and the record date for the shareholder meeting
for such initial Business Combination. It is intended that the purchases will satisfy the conditions of Rule 10b-18(b) under the
Exchange Act to the extent possible and the concern broker s purchase obligation will otherwise be subject to applicable
law, including Regulation M under the Exchange Act, which may prohibit or limit purchases pursuant to the limit order agreement
in certain circumstances. Any shares purchased by Mr. Rosenfeld pursuant to this arrangement will be voted in favor of the proposed
Business Combination. Additionally, Mr. Rosenfeld has agreed not to convert any buyback shares into the right to receive a pro
rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account or to transfer, assign or sell any buyback shares (except to the same permitted
transferees as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree to the same transfer restrictions) until (A) the earlier
of one year after the completion of an Initial Business combination and the date on which the closing price of common stock of
the Company exceeds $12.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the completion of an Initial Business
combination with respect to 50% of the buyback shares and (B) one year after the completion of an Initial Business combination
with respect to the remaining 50% of the buyback shares.  

The
Company anticipates that in order to fund its working capital requirements, the Company will need to use all of the remaining
funds not held in trust, the interest earned on the funds held in the trust account, as well as enter into contingent fee arrangements
with its vendors. The Company may need to enter into contingent fee arrangements with vendors or raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from initial shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. None of the initial shareholders,
officers or directors is under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, the Company. Accordingly, the Company may not
be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional
measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the
pursuit of its business plan, and controlling overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will
be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The Company has no present revenue, and the Company s cash
and working capital as of September 30, 2016 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the upcoming year. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements   

Note
2   Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis
of Presentation    

The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared for interim financial information and the instructions
to Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments (consisting of normal accruals) considered for a fair presentation have been included. The Company has evaluated
subsequent events through the issuance of this Form 10-Q. Operating results for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or any other period. The accompanying condensed
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements and notes thereto included in
the Company s prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2015.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

The
Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The
Company maintains cash balances that at times may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
limits. The Company maintains its cash deposits with major financial institutions.  

Cash,
cash equivalents and securities held in Trust Account   

At
September 30, 2016, substantially all of the assets in the Trust Account were held as cash in an interest bearing money market
account valued at $117,462,767. Since inception, the trust earned approximately $248,300 in interest, of which $85,533 has been
withdrawn for the payment of taxes. This account is classified as restricted.  

Fair
value of financial instruments   

The
fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.  

Net
loss per common share   

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share.  Net loss per common
share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. The Company has not considered the effect of (i) warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering to purchase 11,500,000
shares of the Company and (ii) warrants sold in the Private Units to purchase 558,500 shares of the Company, in the calculation
of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent on the occurrence of future events. 10,585,784 shares
of common stock were subject to possible conversion at September 30, 2015, were also excluded from the calculation of basic loss
per share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust earnings. 10,577,864 shares of
common stock subject to possible conversion at September 30, 2016, were also excluded from the calculation of basic loss per share
since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust earnings. At September 30, 2016, the Company
did not have any other dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock
and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common
share for the period.  

Common
stock subject to possible conversion   

The
Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance enumerated in ASC 480  Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity . Common stock subject to mandatory conversion is classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. Conditionally convertible common stock (including common stock that features conversion rights that are either
within the control of the holder or subject to conversion upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s
control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders  equity. The
Company s common stock features certain conversion rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company s
control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
common stock subject to possible conversion is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders  equity section
of the Company s balance sheet.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements   

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes ( ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets
and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally
requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets
will not be realized.  

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest
and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company is required to file income tax returns in
the United States (federal) and in various state and local jurisdictions. Based on the Company s evaluation, it has been
concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s financial statements.
Since the Company was incorporated on May 21, 2014, the evaluation was performed for the 2014 and 2015 tax years, which would
be the only period subject to examination. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained
on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.  

The
Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of
income tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of or during the three months ended September 30,
2016. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material
deviations from its position.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.  

Subsequent
Events   

Management
has evaluated subsequent events to determine if events or transactions occurring through the date these financial statements were
issued, require potential adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements and has concluded that no subsequent events
have occurred that would require recognition in the financial statements or disclosure in the notes to the financial statements.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements   

Note
3   Initial Public Offering   

On
March 27, 2015, the Company sold 11,500,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per unit in the Offering. Each Unit consists of one share
of common stock and one warrant ( Warrant ) to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share.
The Warrants are exercisable commencing on the later of 30 days after the Company s completion of a Business Combination
or March 23, 2016 and expire five years from the completion of a Business Combination. The Company may redeem the Warrants at
a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon 30 days  notice, only in the event that the last sale price of the shares of common stock
is at least $17.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third day prior to the date
on which notice of redemption is given. If the Company redeems the Warrants as described above, it will have the option to require
any holder that wishes to exercise his Warrant to do so on a  cashless basis.  In accordance with the warrant agreement
relating to the Warrants sold in the Offering, the Company is only required to use its best efforts to file the registration statement
covering the shares underlying the Warrants within 15 days after the closing of the Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement. If a registration statement is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of a Business
Combination, Warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the
Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Company
is unable to consummate a Business Combination, the Company will redeem 100% of the Public Shares using the funds in the Trust
Account as described in Note 1. In such event, the Warrants will be worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the Warrants.  

Note
4   Private Units   

Simultaneously
with the Offering, certain of the Initial Stockholders of the Company and Cantor purchased an aggregate of 558,500 Private Units
at $10.00 per Private Unit (for an aggregate purchase price of $5,585,000) from the Company. All of the proceeds received from
these purchases were placed in the Trust Account.  

The
Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Offering, except the Warrants included in the Private Units are non-redeemable
and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their
permitted transferees. In addition, for as long as any of the warrants underlying the Private Units are held by Cantor or its
designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the registration statement relating
to the Offering. Additionally the initial stockholders have agreed to vote the shares of common stock included therein in favor
of any proposed Business Combination. All of the purchasers of the Private Units have agreed (i) not to convert any shares of
common stock included therein into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve
the proposed initial Business Combination and (ii) that the shares of common stock included therein shall not participate in any
liquidating distribution upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, the holders have agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until
the completion of the initial Business Combination.  

Note
5   Notes Payable and Advance From Stockholders   

The
Company issued a $50,000 principal amount unsecured promissory note to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and an Initial Stockholder, on May 30, 2014. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) May 31,
2015, (ii) the consummation of the Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determined not to proceed with the Offering.
This loan became payable upon the consummation of the Offering and was paid to Mr. Rosenfeld in April 2015.  

Note
6   Commitments   

The
Company has entered into an agreement with the underwriters of the Offering ( Underwriting Agreement ) that required
the Company to pay an underwriting discount of 2.0% of the gross proceeds of the Offering as an underwriting discount (excluding
proceeds received from the exercise of the over-allotment option, on which the Company will not pay any upfront underwriting discount)
and a deferred underwriting discount of up to 3.5% (or up to 5.5% on any proceeds received from the exercise of the over-allotment
option) for an aggregate underwriting discount of up to 5.5% of the gross proceeds of the Offering. The Underwriting Agreement
provides that up to $926,786 of the deferred underwriting discount may be payable to certain parties who are instrumental in advising
the Company in connection with the closing of the Business Combination on either a contingent or non-contingent basis; provided,
however that any portion of the deferred underwriting commission relating to an allocation made on a contingent basis where the
contingency is not met shall not be paid to any party. The Underwriting Agreement provides that the deferred underwriting discount
will only be payable if the Company successfully completes its initial Business Combination.  

Harmony
Merger Corp.   

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements   

The
Company has entered into an agreement with Canaccord Genuity Inc. ( Canaccord Genuity ) pursuant to which Canaccord
Genuity will provide the Company with certain financial advisory services in connection with a preliminary review of potential
merger and acquisition opportunities, or other services as reasonably requested by the Company and mutually agreeable by Canaccord
Genuity, for a period of 18 months from the consummation of the Offering. In consideration of such services, the Company paid
Canaccord Genuity a fee of $135,000 in cash upon consummation of the Offering. Such amount was paid in April 2015. The son of
the Company s Chief Executive Officer is an employee of Canaccord Genuity. As of September 27, 2016 this agreement expired.  

The
Company presently occupies office space provided by an entity controlled by the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Such entity has agreed that until the earlier of Company s consummation of a Business Combination or the liquidation of
the Trust Account, it will make such office space, as well as general and administrative services including utilities and administrative
support, available to the Company as may be required by the Company from time to time. The Company pays an aggregate of $12,500
per month for such services.  

The
Initial Stockholders and the holders of the Private Units (or underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights with
respect to the founding shares and the Private Units (or underlying securities) pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed
in connection with the Offering. The holders of the majority of the Initial Shares (defined below) are entitled to demand that
the Company register these shares at any time commencing three months prior to the first anniversary of the consummation of a
Business Combination. The holders of the Private Units (or underlying securities) and Cantor are entitled to demand that the Company
register these securities at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Stockholders
and holders of the Private Units (or underlying securities) have certain  piggy-back  registration rights on registration
statements filed after the Company s consummation of a Business Combination.  

Note
7   Stockholders  Equity   

Preferred
Stock   

The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors.  

As
of September 30, 2016, there are no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.  

Common
Stock   

The
Company is authorized to issue 27,500,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share.  

In
connection with the organization of the Company, a total of 2,875,000 shares of the Company s shares of common stock were
sold to the Initial Stockholders at a price of approximately $0.01 per share for an aggregate of $25,000. Effective November 7,
2014, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock dividend of approximately 0.05 shares of common stock for each
outstanding share of common stock.  

The
Initial Stockholders  3,026,250 shares ( Initial Shares ) were placed into an escrow account on the closing
of the Offering. Subject to certain limited exceptions, these shares will not be released from escrow until with respect to 50%
of the shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination and the date on which
the closing price of the common stock exceeds $12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following
the consummation of an initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50% of the shares, one year after the date
of the consummation of an initial Business Combination, or earlier if, subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination,
the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of
the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
Pursuant to letter agreements executed with the Company and the underwriter, the Initial Stockholders have waived their right
to receive distributions with respect to their Initial Shares upon the Company s redemption of 100% of the outstanding public
shares held by the Public Stockholders. As of September 30, 2016, 4,506,885 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding
which excludes 10,577,864 shares subject to possible conversion.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis.   

Forward-Looking
Statements   

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We have based
these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology
such as  may,   should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan, 
 anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   continue,  or the negative of such terms
or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those
described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings. References to  we ,  us ,
 our  or the  Company  are to Harmony Merger Corp., except where the context requires otherwise. The following
discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
in this report.  

Overview   

We
are a blank check company formed on May 21, 2014 to acquire, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, one or more businesses or entities.  

We
presently have no revenue, have had losses since inception from incurring general and administration costs and have no other operations
other than searching for a business combination. We have relied upon the sale of our securities and loans from our officers and
directors to fund our operations.  

The
Company consummated the Offering of 11,500,000 units on March 27, 2015 generating gross proceeds of $115,000,000 and net proceeds
of $112,605,665 after deducting $2,394,335 of transaction costs (up to an additional $4,325,000 of deferred underwriting expenses
may be paid upon the completion of a business combination) and $5,585,000 from the private placement to the initial stockholders
of the Company ( Initial Stockholders ) and Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., the representative of the underwriters in
the Offering ( Cantor ).  

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the offering and the Private Placement,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a business combination
successfully.  

Results
of Operations   

Our
entire activity since inception up to the closing of our Initial Public Offering on March 23, 2015 was in preparation for that
event. Since the offering, our activity has been limited to the evaluation of business combination candidates, and we will not
be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our Initial Business Combination. We expect to generate
small amounts of non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash, cash equivalents and securities. Interest income
is not expected to be significant in view of current low interest rates on risk-free investments (treasury securities).  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had net losses of $54,486, which consisted primarily of $37,500 in administrative
fees to Crescendo Advisors II, LLC, an affiliate of our Chairman and CEO, Eric Rosenfeld, $24,300 in Delaware franchise taxes,
public company costs of approximately $13,500, investment banking fees of approximately $11,100, $13,200 in professional fees,
insurance costs of approximately $7,200, research costs of approximately $6,900, trust fund administration costs of approximately
$7,300 and travel costs of approximately $3,800 which were offset by interest income of approximately $71,200.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, we had net losses of $89,742, which consisted primarily of $37,500 in administrative
fees to Crescendo Advisors II, LLC, an affiliate of our Chairman and CEO, Eric Rosenfeld, investment banking fees of approximately
$22,600, public company costs of approximately $13,600, professional fees of approximately $11,300, retainer fees of approximately
$7,500, insurance costs of approximately $7,300, research costs of approximately $6,300 and trust fund administration costs of
approximately $3,300 which were offset by interest income of approximately $22,600.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had net losses of $275,809, which consisted primarily of $109,500 in Delaware franchise
taxes, $64,000 in professional fees, $112,500 in administrative fees to Crescendo Advisors II, LLC, an affiliate of our Chairman
and CEO, Eric Rosenfeld, investment banking fees of approximately $44,000, public company costs of approximately $41,000, trust
fund administration costs of approximately $22,000, insurance costs of approximately $21,500, research costs of approximately
$20,400, retainer costs of $5,000, and travel costs of approximately $3,900 which were offset by interest income of approximately
$173,500.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we had net losses of $190,317, which consisted primarily of approximately $78,600 in
administrative fees to Crescendo Advisors II, LLC, an affiliate of our Chairman and CEO, Eric Rosenfeld, investment banking fees
of approximately $46,200, professional fees of approximately $26,000, public company costs of approximately $29,500, insurance
costs of approximately $14,900, research costs of approximately $13,000, retainer fees of approximately $8,700, and trust fund
administration costs of approximately $7,500 which were offset by interest income of approximately $39,700  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had $34,940 in our operating bank account.  

Over
the next 6 months we will be using these funds for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business
due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target
business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. Our estimates are based upon the belief
that in-depth due diligence will be undertaken only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary
agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination. Our actual costs may be higher or lower than these estimates.  

We
anticipate that in order to fund our working capital requirements, we will need to use all of the remaining funds not held in
trust and the interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. We may need to enter into contingent fee arrangements with
our vendors or raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our initial shareholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. None of the initial shareholders, officers or directors is under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest
in, us. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be
required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing
operations, suspending the pursuit of our business plan, and controlling overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that
new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The Company has no present revenue, and the
Company s cash and working capital as of September 30, 2016 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the
upcoming year. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

The
net proceeds of our initial public offering and sale of Private Units held in the Trust Account, may be invested in U.S. government
treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries.
Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end
of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during
the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2016 covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1   Item 1a   

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities   

In
May 2014, we issued an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of common stock for a total of $25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately
$0.01 share, to Eric S. Rosenfeld.  

In
June 2014, Mr. Rosenfeld transferred an aggregate of 693,000 shares of common stock to the following entities and in the following
amounts:  

On
November 7, 2014, we effected a stock dividend of approximately 0.05 shares of common stock for each outstanding share of common
stock, resulting in our initial stockholders owning an aggregate of 3,026,250 insider shares.  

In
November and December 2014 and January and March 2015, our initial shareholders transferred shares amongst themselves, all for
the same effective purchase price that the transferees paid for such shares, to effectuate economic arrangements between the parties.  

The
Company consummated the Offering of 11,500,000 units on March 27, 2015 generating gross proceeds of $115,000,000 and net proceeds
of $112,605,665 after deducting $2,394,335 of transaction costs (up to an additional $4,325,000 of deferred underwriting expenses
may be paid upon the completion of a business combination) and $5,585,000 from the private placement to the initial stockholders
of the Company ( Initial Stockholders ) and Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., the representative of the underwriters in
the Offering ( Cantor ). Each unit consisted of one share of common stock and one warrant, each to purchase one share
of common stock. Cantor acted as the lead managing underwriter of the initial public offering. The securities sold in the offering
were registered under the Securities Act of 1933 on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-197330). The Securities and
Exchange Commission declared the registration statement effective on March 23, 2015.  

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the initial public offering, we consummated the private placement ( Private Placement ) of
558,500 Units ( Private Placement Units ) purchased by the Company s initial stockholders and Cantor at a price
of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of $5,585,000. The Private Placement Units are identical to the
Units sold in the initial public offering except the warrants included in the Private Placement Units will be non-redeemable and
may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees. In addition, for as long as any of the warrants underlying the Private Placement Units are held by Cantor or its
designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after March 23, 2020. Additionally, because the warrants underlying the Private
Placement Units were issued in a private transaction, the holders and their transferees will be allowed to exercise such warrants
for cash even if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective
and receive unregistered shares. Furthermore, the initial stockholders have agreed to vote the shares of common stock underlying
the Private Placement Units ( Private Shares ) in favor of any proposed business combination. All the purchasers of
the Private Placement Units have also agreed (A) not to convert any Private Shares for cash from the trust account in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders  rights or pre-business combination activity
and (B) that the Private Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination
is not consummated. The purchasers have also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Units or underlying
securities (except to certain permitted transferees in limited situations) until the completion of an initial business combination.  

We
paid a total of $2,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and $549,803 for other costs and expenses related to the
offering (plus up to an additional $4,325,000 of deferred underwriting expenses may be paid upon the completion of a business
combination).  

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q.  

Item
6. Exhibits.   

Exhibit
    No.  
         
      Description   

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

SIGNATURES   

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.  

HARMONY
    MERGER CORP.   

By:  
      /s/
    Eric S. Rosenfeld    

Eric
    S. Rosenfeld   

Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        executive officer)    

By:  
      /s/
    Tom Kobylarz    

Tom
    Kobylarz   

Chief
        Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        financial and accounting officer)    

Date:
November 14, 2016  

16  

<EX-31.2>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_harmonymerger.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

FORM
OF CERTIFICATION   

   PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14   

   UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Eric S. Rosenfeld, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Harmony Merger Corp.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial
    reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
    during the period in which this report is being prepared; and   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Eric S. Rosenfeld   

Name:  
      Eric
    S. Rosenfeld   

Title:  
       Chief
Executive Officer  
(Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_harmonymerger.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

FORM
OF CERTIFICATION   

   PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14   

   UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Thomas Kobylarz, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Harmony Merger Corp.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial
    reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
    during the period in which this report is being prepared; and   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 14, 2016   

/s/
    Thomas Kobylarz   

Name:  
      Thomas
    Kobylarz   

Title:  
       Chief
Financial Officer  
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32>
 4
 f10q0916ex32_harmonymerger.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Harmony Merger Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities
and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation
    of the Company.   

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Eric S. Rosenfeld   

Name:  
      Eric
    S. Rosenfeld   

Title:  
       Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

/s/
    Thomas Kobylarz   

Name:  
      Thomas
    Kobylarz   

Title:  
       Chief
        Financial Officer  
            (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hrmn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hrmn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hrmn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hrmn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hrmn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hrmn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

