<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1556508_0001213900-16-018261_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2937074</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98980</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>165274</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>795434</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1095452</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>720619</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018261.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114061731
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018261
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CES Synergies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556508
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		IRS NUMBER:				460839941
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55159
		FILM NUMBER:		161990199

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39646 FIG STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 1299
		CITY:			CRYSTAL SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33524
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-783-1688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39646 FIG STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 1299
		CITY:			CRYSTAL SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33524

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Green Living Concepts Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120820

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018261.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_cessynergiesinc.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period
from               to               

Commission File Number:
000-55159 

CES Synergies, Inc.  

 (Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: 813-783-1688 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes            No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes            No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
    accelerated filer       
       
      Accelerated
    filer        
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer          (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller
    reporting company        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes           No       

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of
each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

CES SYNERGIES, INC.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

Page    
 
      Item
    1. Financial Statements.  
      1   

Item
    2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
      13   

Item
    3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
      24   

Item
    4. Controls and Procedures.  
      24   

PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
    1. Legal Proceedings.  
      25   

Item
    1A. Risk Factors.  
      25   

Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
      25   

Item
    3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
      25   

Item
    4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  
      25   

Item
    5. Other Information.  
      25   

Item
    6. Exhibits.  
      25   

SIGNATURES   
      26   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  

CES SYNERGIES, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1  

CES SYNERGIES, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2  

CES SYNERGIES, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)  

See accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

3  

CES SYNERGIES, INC.  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1   Company Background  

CES Synergies, Inc. (unless
otherwise indicated, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the  Company ) is a Nevada corporation formed on
April 26, 2010. The Company is the parent company of Cross Environmental Services, Inc. ( CES ), which was incorporated
in 1988 in the state of Florida. The Company acquired CES in a reverse merger transaction that closed on November 1, 2013, and
CES is deemed the accounting acquirer under accounting rules. The Company is an asbestos and lead abatement contracting firm specializing
in the removal of asbestos and lead from buildings and other structures, and demolition of structures. The Company s services
include removal of asbestos and lead, construction, installation, and repair of ceilings and insulation systems and demolition.
Most jobs are located within the state of Florida, but the Company accepts and performs jobs throughout the southeastern United
States.  

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

This summary of significant accounting policies
of the Company is presented to assist in understanding the Company s financial statements. 

The Company follows the accrual basis of accounting
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and has adopted a year-end of December
31. 

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Management further acknowledges that it is
solely responsible for adopting sound accounting practices consistently applied, establishing and maintaining a system of internal
accounting control and preventing and detecting fraud. The Company s system of internal accounting control is designed to
assure, among other items, that 1) recorded transactions are valid; 2) valid transactions are recorded; and 3) transactions are
recorded in the proper period in a timely manner to produce financial statements which present fairly the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the respective periods being presented. 

Basis of Presentation   

The Consolidated Financial Statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. These include the accounts of Cross Environmental Services, Inc.,
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Cross Demolition, Inc., Cross Insulation, Inc., Cross Remediation, Inc., Cross FRP, Inc., Triple
J Trucking, Inc., and Tenpoint Trucking, Inc. All significant intercompany account balances, transactions, profits and losses
have been eliminated. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

For certain financial instruments, including
accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and accrued liabilities, and notes payable, the carrying amounts approximate
fair value due to their relatively short maturities. 

The Company has adopted ASC 820-10,   Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures.   ASC 820-10 defines fair value, and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy
for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts
reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and
are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined
as follows: 

Level
    1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   

Level
    2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs
    that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
    instrument.   

Level
    3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.   

4  

The Company did not identify any non-recurring
assets and liabilities that are required to be presented in the balance sheets at fair value in accordance with ASC 815,   Derivatives
and Hedging .  

In February 2007, the FASB issued ASC 825-10
  Financial Instruments.   ASC 825-10 permits entities to choose to measure many financial assets and financial
liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected are reported
in earnings. ASC 825-10 is effective as of the beginning of an entity s first fiscal year that begins after November 15,
2007. 

The carrying amounts of cash and current liabilities
approximate fair value due to the short maturity of these items. These fair value estimates are subjective in nature and involve
uncertainties and matters of significant judgment, and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions
could significantly affect these estimates. The Company does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes, nor
does it utilize derivative instruments in the management of foreign exchange, commodity price, or interest rate market risks. 

Revenue and Cost Recognition   

The Company follows ASC 605-35    Revenue
Recognition: Construction type contracts    and recognizes revenues from fixed-price and modified fixed-price construction
contracts on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the percentage of cost incurred to date to estimated total cost
for each contract. This method is used because management considers total cost to be the best available measure of progress on
the contracts. 

Contract costs include
all direct material and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies,
tools, repairs, and depreciation. Selling, general, and administrative costs are charged to expenses as incurred. Provisions for
estimated losses on uncompleted contracts, if any, are made in the period in which such losses are determined. Changes in job
performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability may result in revisions to costs and income which are recognized in the
period in which the revisions are determined. 

The asset,  Costs and estimated earnings
in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts,  represents revenues recognized in excess of amounts billed. 

 The liability,  Billings in excess
of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts,  represents billings in excess of revenues recognized. 

Contract retentions are included in contracts receivable. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

For purposes of reporting cash flows, the Company
considers cash and cash equivalents to be all highly liquid deposits with maturities of three months or less. Cash equivalents
are carried at cost, which approximates market value. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk   

The Company maintains cash balances at Centennial
Bank located in Central Florida. The cash accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000. No
single account had a balance greater than $250,000 at September 30, 2016. Accordingly, at that date, the Company s uninsured
cash balances for those accounts was nil. 

Special purpose entities   

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet financing activities. 

Contracts Receivable   

Contracts receivable are recorded when invoices
are issued and presented in the balance sheet net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. Contract receivables are written off
when they are determined to be uncollectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated based on the Company's historical
average percentage of bad debts in relation to its revenue. 

Inventory, Net   

Inventories consist primarily of job materials
and supplies and are priced at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. 

Property, Plant and Equipment   

Property, plant and equipment are recorded
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for major additions and improvements are capitalized. As property and equipment
are sold or retired, the applicable cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or
loss thereon is recognized as operating expenses. 

Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements, the term of the related lease, including renewal
periods, if shorter. Estimated useful lives are as follows: 

5  

The Company reviews property, plant and equipment
and all amortizable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of these assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability is based on estimated undiscounted cash flows. Measurement of the impairment
loss, if any, is based on the difference between the carrying value and fair value. 

   Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
and Amortizable Intangible Assets   

The Company follows ASC 360-10,   Property,
Plant, and Equipment,   which establishes a   primary asset   approach to determine the cash flow estimation
period for a group of assets and liabilities that represents the unit of accounting for a long-lived asset to be held and used.
Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds
the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Long-lived assets
to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Through September 30, 2016, the
Company had not experienced impairment losses on its long-lived assets. 

Intangible Assets - Goodwill   

Cost of investment in purchased company assets
(Simpson   Associates, Inc.) in excess of the underlying fair value of net assets at date of acquisition (March 2001) is recorded
as goodwill on the balance sheet. The amount of $1,396,855 was acquired in 2001 and an additional $50,000 was reclassified as
goodwill in 2002. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is assessed for impairment at least annually and upon the occurrence
of certain triggering events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate that the fair value of goodwill may be impaired.
Measurement of the impairment loss, if any, is based on the difference between the carrying value and fair value of the reporting
unit. The goodwill impairment test follows a two-step process. In the first step, the fair value of a reporting unit is compared
to its carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the impairment test
is performed for purposes of measuring the impairment. In the second step, the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to
all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit to determine an implied goodwill value. If the carrying amount of the
reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount
equal to that excess. There were no material impairments to the carrying value of long-lived assets and intangible assets subject
to amortization during the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Business segments   

ASC 280,   Segment Reporting 
 requires use of the   management approach   model for segment reporting. The management approach model is
based on the way a company s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing
performance. The Company determined it has three operating segments as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Income Taxes   

Tax expense comprises current and deferred
tax. Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to a business combination,
or items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive income. Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable
on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment
to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration
of dividends. Deferred tax would be recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. No deferred tax is recognized since the
difference in carrying amount is not significant. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share   

The Company computes net income (loss) per
share in accordance with ASC 260-10,   Earnings Per Share.   The basic net income/(loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the net income/(loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net income/(loss)
per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the   as if converted 
 basis. For the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 there were no potential dilutive securities. 

Common Stock   

There is currently only one class of common
stock. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. The authorized number of shares of common stock of CES Synergies, Inc.
at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 250,000,000 shares with a nominal par value per share of $0.001. Authorized shares that have
been issued and fully paid amounted to 47,300,500 at September 30 2016 compared to 46,880,500 common shares at September 30, 2015. 

6  

Comprehensive Income/(Loss)   

Comprehensive income/(loss) represents net
income/(loss) plus the change in equity of a business enterprise resulting from transactions and circumstances from non-owner
sources. The Company s comprehensive income/(loss) was equal to net income/(loss) for the periods ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

Note 3   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
Update No. 2012-02, July 2012, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): In accordance with the amendments in this update,
an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates
that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If, after assessing the totality of events
and circumstances, an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired,
then the entity is not required to take further action. However, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine
the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value
with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. 

FASB Update No. 2012-06, October 2012, Business
Combinations (Topic 805): When a reporting entity recognizes an indemnification asset (in accordance with Subtopic 805-20) as
a result of a government-assisted acquisition of a financial institution and subsequently a change in the cash flows expected
to be collected on the indemnification asset occurs (as a result of a change in cash flows expected to be collected on the assets
subject to indemnification), the reporting entity should subsequently account for the change in the measurement of the indemnification
asset on the same basis as the change in the assets subject to indemnification. Any amortization of changes in value should be
limited to the contractual term of the indemnification agreement (that is, the lesser of the term of the indemnification agreement
and the remaining life of the indemnified assets). 

FASB Update No. 2014-01, January 2014, Balance
Sheet (Topic 210): The amendments in this update affect entities that have derivatives accounted for in accordance with Topic
815, including bifurcated embedded derivatives, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing
and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with Section 210-20-45 or Section 815-10-45 or subject
to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. Entities with other types of financial assets and financial
liabilities subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement also are affected because these amendments make them
no longer subject to the disclosure requirements in FASB Update 2011-11. 

Note 4   Contracts Receivable  

Contracts receivable consist of at: 

Note 5   Property, Plant and Equipment  

Property, plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation
consists of the following: 

Depreciation expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $383,748 and $380,824 respectively. 

7  

Note 6   Costs and Estimated Earnings on Contracts  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

8  

Note 7   Long-Term Debt  

Long-term debt consists of the following at September 30, 2016 and
2015: 

Notes payable owed to a related party at September 30, 2016 and
2015 was $3,300,144 and $3,357,254 respectively. New borrowings from related party in the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was $0 and $510,000, respectively. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company repaid $118,954
and $147,470 of related-party notes payable, respectively. 

9  

NOTE 8 - Commitments and Contingencies  

Principal payments on long-term debt are due as follows: 

Contingencies  

None. 

Note 9   Loss per Share  

Note 10     Operating Lease Agreements  

The Company rents certain equipment/office
space under month to month operating lease agreements. Lease expenses incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 under such agreements were $147,295 and $138,474, respectively. 

10  

Note 11     Related Party Transactions  

For the purposes of these notes to consolidated
financial statements, parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise
significant influence over the other party in making financial or operational decisions. In considering each possible related
party relationship, attention is directed to the substance of the relationship, not merely the legal form. 

Related parties may enter into transactions
which unrelated parties might not, and transactions between related parties may not be effected on the same terms, conditions
and amounts as transactions between unrelated parties. Clyde A. Biston, the chairman of board of directors and former CEO of the
Company, owns a majority of our shares, meaning he can exert significant influence over corporate decisions and strategy. Related
party transactions for the period include the following: 

Leased Facilities     

The Company operates out of facilities owned
by the majority shareholder of the Company. Between June 1995 and October 2013, the Company was allowed to use the facilities
rent-free. As of November 1, 2013 the Company entered into a lease agreement with the shareholder for rental of the facilities.
Rental expenses incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 under the lease agreement were $64,200 and $144,450,
respectively. 

Note 12     401K Salary Deferral Plan   

The Company has established a deferred benefit
plan for office and managerial staff with one year or more of service. The plan allows employees to contribute through salary
withholding. The Company may match the contribution up to 3% of the gross wages of the employee. Amounts contributed by the Company
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are $0 and $0, respectively. 

Note 13   Income Tax Provisions  

Management of the Company considers the likelihood
of changes by tax authorities in its filed income tax returns and recognizes a liability for or discloses potential significant
changes that management believes are more likely than not to occur upon examination by tax authorities. Management has not identified
any uncertain tax positions in income tax returns filed that require recognition or disclosure in the accompanying financial statements.
The Company s income tax returns for the past three years are subject to examination by tax authorities, and may change
upon examination. 

For financial reporting purposes, for the nine
months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, income before income taxes includes the following components: 

The expense (benefit) for income taxes consist of: 

Current:

2016   

2015   

Federal  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

State  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

Foreign  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

Total  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

Deferred
    and other:  

Federal  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

State  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

Foreign  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

Total
    tax expense     
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

The Company has net operating loss carryforwards
of $2,025,295 available at December 31, 2015 and has recorded a deferred tax asset of $718,980 reflecting the benefit of the loss
carryforwards. Such deferred tax assets will expire in years 2034 through 2035. 

Note 14   Subsequent Events  

The Company has performed an evaluation of
subsequent events through November 14, 2016, the date the accompanying financial statements were issued, and did not identify
any material subsequent transactions that require disclosure other than noted above.  

11  

Note 15 - Segment Information  

The accounting standards for reporting information
about operating segments define operating segments as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is
available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing
performance. The Company s chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer. The Company is organized by line
of business. While the Chief Executive Officer evaluates results in a number of different ways, the line of business management
structure is the primary basis for which the allocation of resources and financial results are assessed. Under the aforementioned
criteria, the Company operates in three operating and reporting segments: remediation, demolition and insulation.  

Cross Remediation is one segment of the Company
that derives its income from mold remediation and abatement services for a broad range of environments. Cross Demolition offers
full scale commercial demolition and wrecking down to interior and selective demolition and strip down services. Our third segment,
Cross Insulation, derives its revenue from re-insulation and insulation of new and remodeling projects. 

The information provided below is obtained
from internal information that is provided to the Company s chief operating decision maker for the purpose of corporate
management. The Company uses net operating loss to measure segment performance as recorded below: 

12  

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   

Forward-Looking
Statements and Associated Risks    

This
section and other parts of this Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations
of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current
fact. Forward-looking statements also can be identified by words such as  future,   anticipates,   believes, 
 estimates,   expects,   intends,   will,   would,   could, 
 can,   may,  and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
the Company s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors
that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016 (the  2015 Form 10-K )
under the heading  Risk Factors .   

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the 2015 Form 10-K and the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. All information presented herein is based on the Company s fiscal calendar.
Unless otherwise stated, references in this Form 10-Q to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company s
fiscal years ended in December and the associated quarters, months, or periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the  Company ,
 we ,  us  or  our  as used herein refers collectively to CES Synergies, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for
any reason, except as required by law.   

Overview
and Highlights   

Since
its formation in 1988, Cross Environmental Services, Inc. ( CES ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has been
providing asbestos abatement, demolition, and mold remediation services to city, state, and federal agencies. Our customers include
general contractors, developers, project owners, and industrial and commercial clients. Much of our work has been founded on the
removal of hazardous materials from structures ranging from residences to commercial and industrial applications, including secure
defense contractor facilities, colleges, hospitals, and mid-rise and high-rise buildings and residential structures. Additionally,
our experience working on federal projects, such as the Department of Interior, Bureau of Land Management Promiscuous Dump Clean
Up, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Midway Atoll Asbestos and Lead Paint Cleanup, and Department of Defense Military Housing Privatization
Initiative, gives us the expertise to provide the submittals and mandated government compliance documents for any size federal
project.  

CES
removes regulated and hazardous materials from industrial, commercial and residential spaces. Specifically, we have developed
a niche market for our services that was facilitated by the Environmental Protection Agency s National Emission Standards
for Hazardous Air Pollutants, or NESHAP, regulations. Under these regulations, if a building or structure is altered, modified
or renovated in any way, an environmental survey of the building must be completed and regulated hazardous materials (asbestos)
must be removed prior to the alteration or renovation. We provide such services to our clients.  

We
also provide services related to the asbestos removal process including interior demolition, lead-based paint removal, mold abatement,
and full-scale structural demolition. We are also adept at materials handling and we have participated in emergency response activities
for multiple hurricanes, including Katrina, Rita, Gene, Francis, Ivan, and many others. We have been able to develop niche markets
by maintaining a high level of technical competence coupled with prudent management and an energetic staff. We are willing to
go to remote or extreme places to complete projects. Examples of locations at which we perform this type of work include Midway
Atoll, Curacao, Guatemala, Guantanamo Bay and remote Bahamian Islands. We also developed niches providing services in connection
with various set-asides under federal law, including Service Connected Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Economically Disadvantaged
Woman Owned Business, HUBZone, Veteran Owned, and Total Small Business. We have strategic alliances relating to all of such set-asides
and have utilized these alliances to generate projects.   

We
have an established operating infrastructure, with numerous long-term contracts, blanket purchase orders, and ongoing relationships
with a robust customer base.  

Our
management and employees are very experienced and expert in their trades. We have nine project managers who have over 100 combined
years of experience. All are skilled in project set-up, permitting, submittals, scheduling, and project close-out.  

In
addition to the tools made available to our project managers, we have a highly skilled staff of field personnel. We have multiple
field superintendents and supervisors who have fifteen to twenty years  experience. Many of these people have been with
CES since its inception. Our field supervisory staff has, in the aggregate, over 200 man-years of experience. We believe that
almost as important as the project personnel and related experience, is having modern late model equipment to work with. We have
an extensive late model fleet of service trucks, box trucks, vans, excavators, loaders, dump trucks, semi tractors, and roll off
trucks that can be deployed to any project. In addition to the large rolling stock and excavators, we have an extensive inventory
of specialty equipment designed to provide demolition and abatement services inside a structure. This equipment includes but is
not limited to skid steer loaders equipped with exhaust scrubbers, mini excavators equipped with hydraulic hammers, automated
tile removing machines, airless sprayers, and various handheld power tools designed for material removal.  

13  

Services
Strategy   

We
offer services in the environmental contracting arena. Our core business includes hazardous material removal (lead and asbestos),
interior demolition, full scale demolition, and mold remediation. Historically, our customers have come to us either through a
low bid environment or through direct negotiations.  

We
believe set-aside government contracting is an additional growth opportunity for us. We have participated in this sector of the
federal market by teaming with firms that have the various set-aside designations. Additionally, we created our own Service Connected
Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business in an effort to capture a portion of the federal market that had been previously off-limits
to CES. Success to date with this firm has been limited to two current contracts.  

Effects
of Seasonality and Economic Uncertainty   

We
may be subject to seasonal fluctuations and construction cycles at educational institutions, where large projects are typically
carried out during summer months when their facilities are unoccupied. Government customers, many of which have fiscal years that
do not coincide with ours, typically follow annual procurement cycles and appropriate funds on a fiscal-year basis even though
contract performance may take more than one year. Further, government contracting cycles can be affected by the timing of, and
delays in, the legislative process related to government programs and incentives that help drive demand for energy efficiency
and renewable energy projects. As a result, our revenue and operating income in the third quarter are typically higher, and our
revenue and operating income in the first quarter are typically lower, than in other quarters of the year. As a result of such
fluctuations, we may occasionally experience declines in revenue or earnings as compared to the immediately preceding quarter,
and comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful.  

To
manage uncertainties created by business seasonality, we have implemented business processes to give us flexibility to manage
overhead and job costs.  Those processes allow us to determine when it is most cost effective to use Company-owned assets
or to contract out aspects of a project.  For example, when the Company was awarded a sizeable post-Hurricane Katrina
demolition contract in Louisiana, the processes led it to develop relationships with local subcontractors under Company management
and supervision to perform the demolition work rather than moving Company heavy equipment and personnel to Louisiana, thereby
preserving margins on the contract.  

During
the recession that started in 2008, the number of projects available to the Company in Florida fell.  To allow the Company
to maintain cash reserves necessary to execute the Louisiana contract, management agreed to a 10% reduction in salaries, and did
so for a full year, until finances righted themselves in late 2009.  No field supervisors or workers were laid off during
this period.  CES retained its skilled workforce, allowing the contracts in Louisiana to return a 41% gross profit.  

Backlog
and Awarded Projects   

Our
sales cycle begins with the initial contact with the customer and ends, when successful, with a signed contract, also referred
to as fully-contracted backlog. Historically, our sales cycle typically has averaged 30 days. Awarded backlog is created when
a potential customer awards a project to us following a request for proposal. Once a project is awarded but not yet contracted,
we typically conduct a detailed review to determine the scope of the project. At this point, we also determine the sub-contractor,
and what equipment will be used. Historically, awarded projects typically have taken 45 days to result in a signed contract and
thus convert to fully-contracted backlog. This process may take longer, however, depending upon the size and complexity of the
project. Further, at times in the past we have experienced periods during which the portion of the sales cycle for converting
awarded project to signed contracts has lengthened. Recently, we have been experiencing an unusually sustained lengthening of
conversion times. Continued U.S. federal fiscal uncertainty not only has contributed to a lengthening of our sales cycle for U.S.
federal projects, but also has adversely affected both municipal and commercial customers across most geographic regions. We have
observed among our existing and prospective customer base increased scrutiny of decisions about spending and about incurring debt
to finance projects. For example, we have observed increased use of outside consultants and advisors, as well as adoption of additional
approval steps, by many of our customers, which has resulted in a lengthening of the sales cycle. We expect this trend to continue
in 2016. After the customer agrees to the terms of the contract and the contract is executed, the project moves to fully-contracted
backlog. The contracts reflected in our fully-contracted backlog typically have a construction period of 30-45 days and we typically
expect to recognize revenue for such contracts over the same period. Fully-contracted backlog begins converting into revenue generated
from backlog on a percentage-of-completion basis once construction has commenced.  

Financial
Operations Overview   

Revenue    

We
derive revenue from the provision of asbestos abatement, demolition, and mold remediation services to city, state, and federal
agencies. We also sell services to general contractors, developers, project owners, and industrial and commercial clients. Much
of our work has been founded on the removal of hazardous materials from structures ranging from residences to commercial and industrial
applications.  

While
in any particular quarter a single customer may account for more than ten percent of revenue, for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, Corvias (Eglin Air Force Base), and Manhattan Construction (Hilton Marco Island), accounted for 19% and 11% of our total
revenue, respectively. For the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the Renu Asset Recovery, the general contractor for the DTE Energy
power plant project in Michigan, and the Florida Department of Transportation ( FDOT ), accounted for 44% and 11%
of our total revenue, respectively.  

14  

Direct
Expenses and Gross Margin    

Direct
expenses include the cost of labor, materials, equipment, subcontracting and outside engineering that are required for the execution
our contracts, as well as preconstruction costs, sales incentives, associated travel, inventory obsolescence charges, and amortization
of intangible assets related to customer contracts. A majority of our contracts have fixed price terms; however, in some cases
we negotiate protections, such as a cost-plus structure, to mitigate the risk of rising prices for materials, services and equipment.  

Gross
margin, which is gross profit as a percent of revenue, is affected by a number of factors, including the type of services performed
and the geographic region in which the sale is made.  Geographic location impacts the cost of disposal, lodging, and
fuel.  We sometimes find ourselves bidding against local contractors.  In these instances, we may be willing
to accept a lower profit margin in order to establish ourselves with a new client, or in a new geographic location.  

Rising
fuel costs affect us in several ways.  Fuel in our trucks and equipment has an immediate cost impact.  Increases
in petroleum prices increase the costs for remediation due because petroleum products are used to make all poly, bags, etc. that
we use for contaminated materials containment.  

In
addition, gross margin frequently varies across the period of a project. Our expected gross margin on, and expected revenue for,
a project are based on budgeted costs. From time to time, a portion of the contingencies reflected in budgeted costs are not incurred
due to strong execution performance. In that case, and generally at project completion, we recognize revenue for which there is
no further corresponding direct expense. As a result, gross margin tends to be back-loaded for projects with strong execution
performance; this explains the gross margin improvement that occurs from time to time at project closeout. We refer to this gross
margin improvement at the time of project completion as a project closeout.  

Operating
Expenses    

Operating
expenses consist of salaries and benefits, project development costs, and general, administrative and other expenses.  

Salaries
and benefits . Salaries and benefits consist primarily of expenses for personnel not directly engaged in specific revenue generating
activity. These expenses include the time of executive management, legal, finance, accounting, human resources, information technology
and other staff not utilized in a particular project. We employ a comprehensive time card system which creates a contemporaneous
record of the actual time by employees on project activity.  

Project
development costs . Project development costs consist primarily of sales, engineering, legal, finance and third-party expenses
directly related to the development of a specific customer opportunity. This also includes associated travel and marketing expenses.  

General,
administrative and other expenses . These expenses consist primarily of rents and occupancy, professional services, insurance,
unallocated travel expenses, telecommunications, and office expenses. Professional services consist principally of recruiting
costs, external legal, audit, tax and other consulting services.  

Other
expenses, net . Other expenses, net consists primarily of interest income on cash balances, interest expense on borrowings,
and gains and losses on the disposal of surplus assets. Interest expense will vary periodically depending on prevailing short-term
interest rates.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP )
and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company s management
to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. Note 1,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part
II, Item 8 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 describes the significant
accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. Management bases
its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.  

We
have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations.
The Company s senior management has reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the Company s
Board of Directors (the  Board ). The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations
are discussed throughout this section where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. Our preparation
of financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates and
such differences may be material.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents    

We
consider all highly liquid debt instruments and other short-term investments with maturity of three months or less to be cash
equivalents.  

15  

Contracts
Receivable    

Contracts
receivable are stated at the amounts management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Management provides for probable
uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation allowance based on its assessment of the current
status of individual accounts. Balances outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through
a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to trade contracts receivable.  Management has determined that an allowance
of $199,877 for doubtful accounts was required at September 30, 2016 ($201,000 at September 30, 2015).  

Contracts
receivable will generally be due within 30 to 45 days and collateral is not required.  

Cost
and Estimated Earnings in Excess of Billings on Uncompleted Contracts    

The
asset,  Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts,  represents revenues recognized
in excess of amounts billed.  

The
liability,  Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts,  represents billings in excess
of revenues recognized.  

Recoverability
of Long-Lived Assets    

We
review the recoverability of long-lived assets on a periodic basis whenever events and changes in circumstances have occurred
which may indicate a possible impairment.  The assessment for potential impairment is based primarily on our ability
to recover the carrying value of our long-lived assets from expected future cash flows from our operations on an undiscounted
basis.  If such assets are determined to be impaired, the impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying
value of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.  Fixed assets to be disposed of by sale are carried at the
lower of the then current carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments    

The
carrying amount reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, contracts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued
expenses approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. We do not utilize
derivative instruments.  

Revenue
and Cost Recognition    

The
Company recognizes revenues from fixed-price and modified fixed-price construction contracts on the percentage-of-completion method,
measured by the percentage of cost incurred to date to estimated total cost for each contract. This method is used because management
considers total cost to be the best available measure of progress on the contracts.  

Contract
costs include all direct material and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor,
supplies, tools, repairs, and depreciation.  Selling, general, and administrative costs are charged to expenses as incurred.  

Provisions
for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts, if any, are made in the period in which such losses are determined.  Changes
in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability may result in revisions to costs and income, which are recognized
in the period in which the revisions are determined.  

The
asset,  Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts,  represents revenues recognized
in excess of amounts billed.  

The
liability,  Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts,  represents billings in excess
of revenues recognized.  

Contract
retentions are included in contract receivables.  

Net
Earnings (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock    

The
basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding. Diluted net earnings (loss) per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during
the period using the  as if converted  basis.  

Uncertainty
in Income Taxes    

Management
considers the likelihood of changes by taxing authorities in its filed income tax returns and recognizes a liability for or discloses
potential changes that management believes are more likely than not to occur upon examination by tax authorities.  Management
has not identified any uncertain tax positions in filed income tax returns that require recognition or disclosure. The Company s
income tax returns for the past three years are subject to examination by tax authorities, and may change upon examination.  

We
follow ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ( ASC 740-10 ). This interpretation requires recognition
and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a  more-likely-than-not  approach. ASC 740-10 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. Management has adopted ASC 740-10 and evaluates our tax positions on an annual
basis.  

16  

Prior
to November 1, 2013, CES had elected by unanimous consent of its shareholders to be taxed under the provisions of subchapter S
of the Internal Revenue Code.  Under those provisions, CES did not pay federal or state corporate income taxes on its
taxable income.  Instead, the shareholders of CES were liable for individual federal income taxes on their respective
shares of CES s taxable income. Since the closing of the Merger on November 1, 2013, the Company is responsible for paying
corporate income tax.    

Advertising
  (in thousands, except percentages)  

Advertising
costs are expensed when incurred. Advertising costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were $7
and $16, respectively. Historically, the Company has not relied on advertising and marketing to generate business.  

Results
of Operations  (in thousands, except percentages)  

Quarter
Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Quarter Ended September 30, 2015    

Net
sales fell 3%, or $159, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Revenues
in the Demolition segment decreased by $998, or 34%, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the quarter ended
September 30, 2015. Revenues in the Remediation segment increased by $804, or 50%, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016
compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The Insulation segment experienced a $34 increase in revenue, or 30%, during
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2015.   

The
decrease in Demolition segment revenues was primarily attributable to the near completion of the larger St Bernard Parish projects
in Louisiana, and the completion of two major contracts in Florida. At September 30, 2016, 10 Demolition segment contracts valued
in excess of $2,289 were in progress. Remediation segment sales increased in the second quarter of 2016, primarily because of
two major contracts in Georgia as well as two other large projects, and multiple projects in the $200-$500 range in Florida. At
September 30, 2016, 22 Remediation segment contracts valued in excess of $4,878 were in progress. The increase in Insulation segment
revenue was due primarily to higher maintenance spending by a large supermarket chain in the southeastern United States.  

Most
of the Company s revenues are derived from contracts in Florida. Management will seek to grow revenues by also expanding
into new geographic areas in the southern and eastern U.S. in 2016. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, approximately
$2,366 from contracts in Florida, $136 of revenues were derived from contracts in Louisiana, and $101 from contracts in Georgia
(compared to $4,259, $520, and $2,360 respectively in the quarter ended September 30, 2015). The Company also had revenues of
$281 from Guantanamo Naval Housing in Cuba.  

Sales
Data   

The
following table shows net sales by operating segment and net sales by service during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 (in thousands, except percentages):   

Segment
Operating Performance  (in thousands, except percentages)  

The
Company manages its business on a functional basis. Accordingly, the Company has determined its reportable operating segments,
which are generally based on the types of services it provides, to be Remediation, Demolition and Insulation. Remediation derives
its income from mold remediation and abatement services for a broad range of environments. Demolition offers full scale commercial
demolition and wrecking. Insulation derives its revenue from re-insulation and insulation of new and remodeling projects.  

Further
information regarding the Company s operating segments may be found in Note 15,  Segment Information.   

Remediation   

Remediation
segment services are comprised of asbestos abatement, lead removal, mold remediation, indoor air quality/duct cleaning, removal
of contaminated soil, animal waste removal, manual selective and complete interior demolition including removal of floor covering,
and adhesive removal. These services are primarily performed for commercial, retail, governmental, industrial, and military customers,
as well as public and private schools.  

17  

The
following table presents Remediation segment net sales information for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars
in thousands):  

The
increase in the Remediation segment net sales during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was caused by typical business fluctuations.
Remediation is usually the first activity performed in a contract and therefore the first part to be completed. In larger projects
it is not unusual to perform work in stages over the course of several months. The total number of Remediation segment jobs in
progress at September 30, 2016 was 22 (valued at $4,878), compared to 38 (valued at $8,646) on the same date in 2015. The Company
has no control over the amount of work available to bid from year to year. It is the nature of the Remediation business to experience
broad fluctuations in results of operations.  

Demolition   

Demolition
segment services are comprised of partial, phased and complete demolition of commercial, retail, private, governmental, industrial,
and military sites, as well as public and private schools. Demolition activities include building separations, concrete breaking
and saw-cutting, using the Company s own man-lifts, bobcats, roll-off containers and roll-off trucks for hauling and disposal
of construction debris. The Company also provides full-scale commercial demolition and wrecking, as well as underground and above
ground storage tank removal, and full-scale site clearing including underground pipe removal and installation.  

Hurricanes
and natural disasters are the biggest factor in the creation of large scale demolition opportunities for the Company. As a result,
the source of projects for the Demolition segment is unpredictable and can cause its results of operations to fluctuate broadly
and seasonally. Demolition contracts range widely in price from $30 to $20,000. Demolition contracts last anywhere from two weeks
(to demolish a one-story masonry commercial building such as a home improvement store) to two years or more to demolish concrete
slabs left by a hurricane such as Katrina.  

The
following table presents Demolition segment net sales information for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands,
except percentages):  

The
decrease in net sales for the Demolition segment during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was caused primarily by the lower
number of demolition contracts put out for bids in 2016 compared to 2015. The Company saw more renovation opportunities than demolition
projects year over year. During the third quarter of 2016, however, the Company did win 19 contracts in Florida valued at $1,371
that are expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2016. One of these contracts is worth $655. At the end of the third quarter
of 2016, the Company had total Demolition segment contracts valued at $3,670 in backlog, including the new contracts in Florida.  

Insulation   

Our
Insulation segment derives its revenue from re-insulation and insulation of new and remodeling projects. The segment typically
does not typically experience large changes in revenues year over year. The amount of sales is typically driven by the amount
of remodeling or maintenance work required by a large supermarket chain, with which the Company has an ongoing service contract.  

The
following table presents Insulation segment net sales information for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands,
except percentages):  

The
increase in the Insulation segment net sales between the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was caused primarily by a
reduction in work provided to the aforementioned supermarket chain.  

Gross
Margin   

Gross
margin for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands, except gross margin percentages). Differences
between net sales and cost of sales in the table below, on one hand, and the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations,
on the other, are caused by an adjustment to sales and billing that takes place within consolidated reports rather than within
the applicable segments.  

18  

The
decrease in year-over-year cost of sales was caused by decreased use of materials, decreased job site and other indirect costs,
and decreases in dump fees and fuel costs, all the result of the decrease in net sales. The improvement in gross margin percentage
in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 by 18 percentage point over the quarter ended September 30, 2015 reflects the fact that
the Company had a higher percentage of Remediation and Insulation jobs, which have lower non-labor costs. Remediation contracts
are typically self-performed, without the need for subcontractors or expensive rental equipment. We believe our profit margin
will continue to benefit from the fact that we are bidding on larger projects with an increased margin. We are also encountering
fewer bidders qualified to bid these types of jobs.  

The
Company anticipates that gross margin for the full-year 2016 will be between 26% and 28%. In general, gross margins and margins
on services will remain under pressure due to a variety of factors, including continued industry-wide pricing pressures and increased
competition. In response to competitive pressures, the Company may have to take service pricing actions, which could adversely
affect gross margins. Gross margins could also be affected by the Company s ability to manage costs effectively and to stimulate
demand for certain of its products. To counteract the pressure on margins, the Company is working to improve its budget management
processes for contracts, in particular to improve its ability to track and charge for change orders as they occur. The Company
may also decline to bid on contracts where gross margins fall below acceptable levels.  

Operating
Expenses     

Operating
expenses for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands, except for percentages):  

General
and Administrative ( G A ) Expense   

The
increase in G A expense during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2015
was caused by a number of factors, including higher salary costs (up by $127, primarily due to higher office headcount, which
resulted in an increase in salaries for office workers, offset by a reduction of salaries paid to officers and sales personnel),
higher other insurance costs (up by $10 or 333%), reflecting increases in premiums charged to the Company for its Directors and
Officer s policy, higher indirect administration costs (up by $47 or 73%, caused by repairs and maintenance at a Company
office, repairs to heavy equipment used for Corvias work, depreciation up by 28% due to purchase of assets, and a liability insurance
rate increase 9%), higher bank charges (up by $7 or 25%, reflecting late payment fees on certain notes), higher professional fees
(up by $29 or 102%, reflecting increased legal fees), higher telephone charges, which rose by $14 or 96%, and increased costs
of outside payroll services (up by $6 or 67%, reflecting the need to hire contract labor services due to the large volume of work
starting at the same time in the quarter).  

These
increases were offset by lower costs for licenses and permits (down $46 or 15% due to two specific FDOT projects that required
much higher permit costs due to overpass work), lower rents associated with a reduction in rent charged by Mr. Biston on the Crystal
Springs leases (decreased by $12 or 16%), lower group health insurance costs (decreased by $4 or 2%), caused by past-due credits
for cancellations, and lower office supplies (down by $68 or 117%, reflecting budget constraints imposed on office spending).  

The
total number of employees at September 30, 2016 was 224, compared to 155 at September 30, 2015.  

Other
Income/(Expense)   

Other
income/(expense) for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands, except percentages):  

The
year-over-year increase in other income during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was due to lower interest costs resulting
from the deferment in 2016 of interest payments on debt owed to Clyde A. Biston, President, and the gain recorded on the sale
of six dump trailers, two late-model trucks, and a material reducer plant (used to shred tires, crushes metal.) All the items
sold were no longer in use.  

Provision
for Income Taxes     

Prior
to November 1, 2013, CES elected to be taxed under the provisions of subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code. Under those provisions,
during and prior to 2013, CES did not pay federal or state corporate income taxes on its taxable income. Instead, its shareholders
were liable for individual federal income taxes on their respective shares of CES s taxable income. Therefore, no provision
or liability for federal income taxes was included in our 2013 financial statements.  

19  

Provision
for income taxes and effective tax rates for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (dollars in thousands):   

The
Company s effective tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was nil because of the loss in the quarter, together
with the losses carried forward from prior periods.  

Nine
months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine months Ended September 30, 2015 (in thousands, except percentages)    

Net
sales fell 9%, or $1,188, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Revenues in the Demolition segment fell by $2,326, or 36%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Revenues in the Remediation segment increased by $941, or 15%, during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Insulation segment experienced a $197 increase in revenue,
or 60%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

The
decrease in Demolition segment revenues was primarily attributable to the near completion of the larger St Bernard Parish projects
in Louisiana, and the completion three major contracts in Florida. At September 30, 2016, Demolition segment contracts valued
in excess of $1,266 were in progress. Remediation segment sales increased in the first nine months of 2016, primarily because
of the continuation of remediation contracts in Florida and with Ft. Benning and Ft. Stewart DTE and the commencement of other
large scale projects valued in excess of $3,670 in the aggregate in Florida, Georgia and Louisiana. The increase in Insulation
segment revenue was due primarily to higher maintenance spending by a large supermarket chain in the southeastern United States.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately $136 of revenues were derived from contracts in Louisiana, $10,869 from
contracts in Florida and $1,100 from contracts in Georgia (compared to $558, $12,562 and $173 respectively in the nine months
ended September 30, 2015).  

Sales
Data   

The
following table shows net sales by operating segment and net sales by service during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 (in thousands, except percentages):   

Segment
Operating Performance  (in thousands, except percentages)  

The
Company manages its business on a functional basis. Accordingly, the Company has determined its reportable operating segments,
which are generally based on the types of services it provides, to be Remediation, Demolition and Insulation. Remediation derives
its income from mold remediation and abatement services for a broad range of environments. Demolition offers full scale commercial
demolition and wrecking. Insulation derives its revenue from re-insulation and insulation of new and remodeling projects.  

Further
information regarding the Company s operating segments may be found in Note 15,  Segment Information.   

Remediation   

Remediation
segment services are comprised of asbestos abatement, lead removal, mold remediation, indoor air quality/duct cleaning, removal
of contaminated soil, animal waste removal, manual selective and complete interior demolition including removal of floor covering,
and adhesive removal. These services are primarily performed for commercial, retail, governmental, industrial, and military customers,
as well as public and private schools.  

The
following table presents Remediation segment net sales information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars
in thousands):  

The
increase in the Remediation segment net sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was caused by typical business fluctuations.
Remediation is usually the first activity performed in a contract and therefore the first part to be completed. In larger projects
it is not unusual to perform work in stages over the course of several months. The Company has no control over the amount of work
available to bid from year to year. It is the nature of the Remediation business to experience broad fluctuations in results of
operations.   

20  

Demolition   

Demolition
segment services are comprised of partial, phased and complete demolition of commercial, retail, private, governmental, industrial,
and military sites, as well as public and private schools. Demolition activities include building separations, concrete breaking
and saw-cutting, using the Company s own man-lifts, bobcats, roll-off containers and roll-off trucks for hauling and disposal
of construction debris. The Company also provides full-scale commercial demolition and wrecking, as well as underground and above
ground storage tank removal, and full-scale site clearing including underground pipe removal and installation.  

Hurricanes
and natural disasters are the biggest factor in the creation of large scale demolition opportunities for the Company. As a result,
the source of projects for the Demolition segment is unpredictable and can cause its results of operations to fluctuate broadly
and seasonally. Demolition contracts range widely in price from $30 to $20,000. Demolition contracts last anywhere from two weeks
(to demolish a one-story masonry commercial building such as a home improvement store) to two years or more to demolish concrete
slabs left by a hurricane such as Katrina.  

The
following table presents Demolition segment net sales information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands,
except percentages):  

The
decrease in net sales for the Demolition segment during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was caused primarily by the lower
number of demolition contracts put out for bids in 2016 compared to 2015. The Company saw more renovation opportunities than demolition
projects year over year. During the third quarter of 2016, however, the Company did win 19 contracts in Florida valued at $1,371
that are expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2016. One of these contracts is worth $655. At the end of the third quarter
of 2016, the Company had total Demolition segment contracts valued at $3,670 in backlog, including the new contracts in Florida.  

Insulation   

Our
Insulation segment derives its revenue from re-insulation and insulation of new and remodeling projects. The segment typically
does not typically experience large changes in revenues year over year. The amount of sales is typically driven by the amount
of remodeling or maintenance work required by a large supermarket chain, with which the Company has an ongoing service contract.  

The
following table presents Insulation segment net sales information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands,
except percentages):  

The
increase in the Insulation segment net sales between the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was caused primarily by
a reduction in work provided to the aforementioned supermarket chain.  

Gross
Margin   

Gross
margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands, except gross margin percentages). Differences
between net sales and cost of sales in the table below, on one hand, and the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations,
on the other, are caused by an adjustment to sales and billing that takes place within consolidated reports rather than within
the applicable segments.  

The
decrease in year-over-year cost of sales was caused by decreased use of materials, decreased job site and other indirect costs,
and decreases in dump fees and fuel costs, all the result of the decrease in net sales. The increase in gross margin percentage
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 by 12 percentage points over the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was the result
of both bidding with higher margins and lower materials and labor costs in our contracts. We believe our profit margin will increase
as we continue to bid larger projects with an increased margin. We are also encountering fewer bidders qualified to bid these
types of jobs.  

Operating
Expenses     

Operating
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands, except for percentages):  

21  

General
and Administrative ( G A ) Expense   

The
decrease in G A expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015 was caused by a number of factors, including lower overall salary expenses (down by $149 or 8%, reflecting $357 of salary
reductions for sales staff, officers, field labor and training, offset by an increase of $208 in office salaries), lower group
health insurance costs, which fell 18% ($81) due to a reduction in the number of employees covered by insurance as well as receiving
past due credits, lower office expenses and supplies (down by $68 or 42%, reflecting budget constraints imposed on office spending),
lower rents associated with a reduction in rent charged by Mr. Biston on the Crystal Springs leases (decreased by $71 or 25%),
reduced shop labor costs, down by 13% ($41) due to a reduction in shop head count from four to three, and lower advertising expenses
(decreased by $9 or 41%).  

These
decreases were offset by higher other insurance costs (up by $45 or 490%), reflecting increases in premiums charged to the Company
for its Directors and Officer s policy), higher professional fees (up by $41 or 38%, reflecting increased legal fees), higher
indirect administration costs (up $17 or 6%, reflecting, repairs and maintenance up 36% due to Fort Walton Beach office preparing
for Corvias work, 28% increase in depreciation expense due to new capital purchases, and a liability insurance rate increase of
9%), higher bank service charges, which rose by $16 or 17% due to fees for late payments on notes, increased outside payroll service
costs (up by $12 or 43%, reflecting the need to hire contract labor services due to the large volume of work starting at the same
time in the quarter), and higher telephone costs (up by $11 or 20%).  

Other
Income/Expense     

Other
income/ (expense) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands, except percentages):  

The
year-over-year increase in other income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due primarily to lower interest costs
resulting from the deferment in 2016 of interest payments on debt owed to a shareholder, and gains recorded on sales of assets
(a crushing machine, a shredding plant, six trailers, and two late model box trucks that are no longer being utilized).  

Provision
for Income Taxes     

Prior
to November 1, 2013, CES elected to be taxed under the provisions of subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code. Under those provisions,
during and prior to 2013, CES did not pay federal or state corporate income taxes on its taxable income. Instead, its shareholders
were liable for individual federal income taxes on their respective shares of CES s taxable income. Therefore, no provision
or liability for federal income taxes was included in our 2013 financial statements.  

Provision
for income taxes and effective tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (dollars in thousands):   

The
Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was nil because of the loss in the nine months,
together with the losses carried forward from prior periods.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources  (in thousands, except percentages)  

The Company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to satisfy
its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with
its existing operations over the next 12 months.   

The
Company s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were generally held in bank accounts.  

The
following table presents selected financial information and statistics as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars
in thousands):  

22  

The
following table presents selected financial information and statistics about the Company s sources and uses of cash during
the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 (in $ thousands):  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the cash used by operating activities of $(242) was a result of $(131) of net loss,
non-cash adjustments to net loss of $9 and a net change in operating assets and liabilities of $(118). The Company generated $198
of cash from investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, made up of $412 received from disposals of
equipment, offset by the purchase of additional property and equipment ($214). The $86 of cash used by financing activities during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 came primarily from new borrowing of $189 under installment loans payable and new capital
contributions of $173, offset by debt repayments of $448, including $98 repaid to Clyde A. Biston. No distributions were paid
in the first nine months of 2016.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the cash generated by operating activities of $413 was a result of ($2,189) of net loss,
offset by non-cash adjustments to net loss of $381 and a net change in operating assets and liabilities of $2,221. The Company
used ($417) of cash for investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to purchase property and equipment.
There were no disposals of equipment in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $460 of cash generated by financing activities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 came primarily from new borrowing of $1,102, including $510 from Clyde A. Biston.
No distributions were paid in the first nine months of 2015.     

Capital
Assets   

The
Company s capital expenditures were $214 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, consisting primarily of purchases
of machinery. The new equipment was acquired to replace aging equipment, and to add to our fleet of equipment to prepare for new
Remediation and Demolition segment projects at Marco Island and at military bases in Georgia and the Florida Panhandle.   

Long-Term
Debt  (in thousands, except percentages)  

To
date, the Company has financed its operations through internally generated revenue from operations, the sale of common stock,
the issuance of notes, and loans from shareholders. The following debt was outstanding at September 30, 2016:  

(i) Demand
loan from shareholder and the chairman of our Board, Clyde A. Biston, bearing annual interest at 4.25%. At September 30, 2016,
$135 was outstanding under the loan. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repaid $98 of principal under the
loan.  

(ii) Demand
loan from shareholder and the chairman of our Board, Clyde A. Biston, with a monthly payment of $2 which has been deferred to
January 2017, bearing annual interest at 4.75%. At September 30, 2016, $158 was outstanding under the loan. In the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company made no repayments of principal under the loan.  

(iii) Demand
loan from shareholder and the chairman of our Board, Clyde A. Biston, with a monthly payment of $10 which has been deferred to
January 2017, bearing annual interest at 4.75%. At September 30, 2016, $175 was outstanding under the loan. In the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company made no repayments of principal under the loan.  

(iv) Demand
loan from shareholder and the chairman of our Board, Clyde A. Biston, with a monthly payment of $10 which has been deferred to
January 2017, bearing annual interest at 4.75%. At September 30, 2016, $175 was outstanding under the loan. In the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company made no repayments of principal under the loan.  

(v) Installment
loan from shareholder and the chairman of our Board, Clyde A. Biston, with a monthly payment of $24, bearing annual interest at
6.15%. At September 30, 2016, $2,657 was outstanding under the loan. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
the Company made no repayments of principal under the loan.  

(vi)
A line of credit from Centennial Bank, Dade City, Florida, bearing variable interest of 1.25% over prime, secured by land, improvements,
and accounts receivable. The line of credit matures on May 5, 2018. At September 30, 2016, $1,750 was outstanding under the line.
In the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company made no repayments of principal under the line, and borrowed no additional
principal.  

(vii)
Various installment loans payable in monthly payments, with interest rates ranging from 0% to 9.5%, secured by equipment and property.
At September 30, 2016, $764 was outstanding under the loans. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company borrowed
$1 of principal under the loans.  

At
September 30, 2016, a total of $5,814 was outstanding under all loans and the line of credit. $487 of that amount is due and payable
in the 12 months following that date.  

23  

Dividend
Program   

As
a privately-owned company prior to November 1, 2013, CES was owned by Clyde A. Biston. Mr. Biston elected to receive part of his
compensation in the form of distributions paid to himself as the sole shareholder. No dividends have been paid to Mr. Biston or
any other shareholder since 2013.  

The
Company does not expect to pay any dividends or make any distributions to shareholders in 2016.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

The
Company does not have any off balance sheet arrangements.   

Indemnification   

On
occasion, the Company indemnifies its customers against legal claims arising from services it provides. The Company has not been
required to make any significant payments resulting from such services.  

The
Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers. Under these agreements, the Company
has agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that arise by reason of their
status as directors or officers and to advance expenses incurred by such individuals in connection with related legal proceedings.
It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the Company could be required to make under these agreements
due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each claim. However,
the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure to such obligations, and payments
made under these agreements historically have not been material.  

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item.  

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report
such that the information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) reports is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

During
the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting.  

24  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   

On
or about March 16, 2016, SiteTech, Inc., filed suit against CES. In this suit, SiteTech alleges negligence by CES for failing
to remove asbestos-containing materials in a timely manner alleging damages in excess of $75,000. CES denies any liability and
has countersued for amounts due it on the project.   

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS.   

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item.   

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

The
following table lists all securities issued during in the three months ended September 30, 2016 without registering the securities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ):  

The
above shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. These shares of our common
stock qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) since the issuance of these shares by us did not involve a public offering.
The offering was not a  public offering  as defined in Section 4(a)(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons
involved in the transactions, manner of the issuance and number of shares issued. We did not undertake an offering in which we
sold a high number of shares to a high number of investors. In addition, the investor had the necessary investment intent as required
by Section 4(a)(2) since they agreed to and received a share certificate bearing a legend stating that such shares are restricted
pursuant to Rule 144 of the Act. This restriction ensures that these shares would not be immediately redistributed into the market
and therefore not be part of a  public offering.  Based on an analysis of the above factors, we have met the requirements
to qualify for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for this transaction.  

No
purchases of common stock of the Company were made by the Company during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   

None.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION.   

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS   

The
following documents are filed as a part of this report or are incorporated by reference to previous filings, if so indicated:  

EXHIBIT   
           NUMBER    
         
       DESCRIPTION    

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)   
 
      31.2  
         
      Certification
    of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)   
 
      32.1*  
         
      Certification
    of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act
    of 2002   
 
      32.2*  
         
      Certification
    of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act
    of 2002   
 
      EX-101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    INSTANCE DOCUMENT   
 
      EX-101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT   
 
      EX-101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE   
 
      EX-101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE   
 
      EX-101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE   
 
      EX-101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE   

*
In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed.   

25  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

CES
    Synergies, Inc.    

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    John Tostanoski   

John
    Tostanoski   

Chief
    Executive Officer  
     (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Sharon Rosenbauer   

Sharon
    Rosenbauer   

Chief
    Financial Officer  
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

26  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_cessynergies.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE   

   SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I,
John Tostanoski, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CES Synergies, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      all
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    John Tostanoski   

John
    Tostanoski   

Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_cessynergies.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE   

   SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I,
Sharon Rosenbauer, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CES Synergies, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      all
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Sharon Rosenbauer   

Sharon
    Rosenbauer   

Chief
        Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_cessynergies.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of CES Synergies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John Tostanoski,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    John Tostanoski   

John
    Tostanoski   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_cessynergies.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of CES Synergies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Sharon Rosenbauer,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Sharon Rosenbauer   

Sharon
    Rosenbauer   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cesx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cesx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cesx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cesx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cesx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cesx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

