<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1498122_0001213900-16-018835_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1133098</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>95647</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>79058</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>273280</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>365952</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>284224</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018835.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121165241
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018835
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Praco Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001498122
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE OPERATORS (NO DEVELOPERS) & LESSORS [6510]
		IRS NUMBER:				271497347
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-169802
		FILM NUMBER:		162010822

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		159 NORTH STATE STREET
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(215) 968-1600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		159 NORTH STATE STREET
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hunt For Travel, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018835.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_pracocorporation.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016  

or   

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from ______to______  

Commission
File Number: 333-169802   

PRACO
CORPORATION   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada   
         
       27-1497347    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
    incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employee 
    Identification No.)   

159
North State Street   

   Newtown,
PA 18940   

  (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip code)  

(215)
968-1600   

  (Registrants
telephone number, including area code)  

Not
Applicable   

  (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  
No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company filer. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    Accelerated Filer    
      Accelerated
    Filer     
 
      Non-Accelerated
    Filer   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    Reporting Company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   No    

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock: As of November 21, 2016, there were 6,902,500
shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Common Stock issued and outstanding.  

PRACO
CORPORATION   

   QUARTERLY
REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   

September
30, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART
    I--FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
      Financial
    Statements.  
      1   

Item
    2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
      10   

Item
    3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
      12   

Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures.  
      13   

PART
    II--OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings.  
      14   

Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors.  
      14   

Item
    2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
      14   

Item
    3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities.  
      14   

Item
    4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures.  
      14   

Item
    5.  
      Other
    Information.  
      14   

Item
    6.  
      Exhibits.  
      14   

SIGNATURE   
      15   

PRACO
CORPORATION   

CONTENTS   

PRACO
CORPORATION   

    CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS    

    (UNAUDITED)    

See
accompanying notes to condensed unaudited financial statements  

PRACO
CORPORATION   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

   (UNAUDITED)   

See
accompanying notes to condensed unaudited financial statements  

PRACO
CORPORATION   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT   

   FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

   (UNAUDITED)   

See
accompanying notes to condensed unaudited financial statements  

PRACO
CORPORATION   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (UNAUDITED)   

See
accompanying notes to condensed unaudited financial statements  

PRACO
CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

    AS
OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

    (UNAUDITED)    

NOTE 1
        
        SUMMARY
    OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ORGANIZATION     

Hunt
for Travel, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in Nevada on December 15, 2009 to design and market enrichment excursions
for U.S. travelers. The enrichment component of these trips can be educational, informational or experiential and is tailored
to the travelers  specific interests and tastes. Enrichment travel can also be referred to as adventure travel.  

Effective
February 21, 2012, the Company filed with the State of Nevada a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing
the Company s name from Hunt for Travel, Inc. to Praco Corporation. At the same time the Company ceased being a travel agency
and became a Public Shell.  

On
July 3, 2012, the Company entered into an Equity Exchange Agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Hawk Opportunity
Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ( Hawk ), Philly Residential Acquisition LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership
( Philly ), Green Homes Real Estate, LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership ( GH ), Nidus, LP, a Delaware
limited partnership ( Nidus ), and several other related parties. In the years since the Exchange Agreement was signed,
the assets of Nidus have been sold and Nidus will no longer be a part of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement.
Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company will issue 3,100,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
to Hawk, and in connection therewith, the Company will receive 89% of the aggregate equity interest of each of Philly and GH.  

The
closing of the Exchange Agreement (the  Closing ) is still subject to certain conditions such as the completion of
an audit of Philly and GH, and the approval of the transaction from a lender, if necessary. These conditions of Closing have not
occurred and they may never be fulfilled, so the Closing may never occur. As the Closing has not yet occurred, the Company has
no interest in Philly and GH or any real estate at this time.  

Philly
and GH own and manage real estate around Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley. Together these entities own approximately 225 separate
properties. These are primarily comprised of residential rental units which provide a steady stream of income. If and when the
Closing occurs, the Company will be the majority-owner and assume the operations of each of Philly and GH.  

(A)
Basis of Presentation     

The
accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America ( GAAP ) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission for
interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all the information necessary for a comprehensive presentation
of financial position and results of operations.  

While
the Company believes that the disclosures presented are adequate to make the information not misleading, these financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016.  

It
is management s opinion however, that all material adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) have been made,
which are necessary for a fair financial statements presentation. The results for the interim period are not necessarily indicative
of a full year.  

PRACO
CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

    AS
OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

    (UNAUDITED)    

NOTE 1
        
        SUMMARY
    OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ORGANIZATION (CONTINUED)     

(B)
Use of Estimates     

In
preparing financial statements in conformity with GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates include valuation of equity based transactions and the valuation of deferred tax assets.  

(C)
Cash and Cash Equivalents     

The
Company considers all highly liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had no cash equivalents.  

(D)
Loss Per Share     

Basic
and diluted net loss per common share is computed based upon the weighted average common shares outstanding as defined by Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC No. 260,  Earnings Per Share.  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015
there were no common share equivalents outstanding.  

(E)
Fair Value of Financial Instruments     

The
carrying amounts on the Company s financial instruments including accounts payable and note payable, approximate fair value
due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.  

(F)
Recent Accounting Pronouncements      

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  ASU  2014-15 on  Presentation of Financial Statements
Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern .
The amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management
to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that
are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt,
(2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating
effect of management s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated,
and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to
be issued).  

For
all entities, the new requirements are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of
this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

PRACO
CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

    AS
OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

    (UNAUDITED)    

NOTE
    2   
      GOING CONCERN   

As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has minimal operations, used cash in operating activities of $12,690
and has a net loss of $18,001 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The Company also has a working capital deficit and
stockholders  deficit of $354,391 as of September 30, 2016. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise
additional capital and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  

Management
believes that actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity
for the Company to continue as a going concern.   

NOTE 3    
        NOTE
    PAYABLE     

On
June 5, 2012 the Company received $9,000 from a third party. Pursuant to the terms of the note, the note is non-interest
bearing, unsecured and is due on demand. Total balance due at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was $9,000.  

NOTE 4    
        COMMITMENTS

On
April 1, 2012, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Europa Capital Investments, LLC for administrative and other
miscellaneous services.   The agreement is to remain
in effect unless either party desired to cancel the agreement.  During the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the fees incurred were $-0- and $5,000, respectively.   

On
October 1, 2016, the Company signed two employment agreements, one with the CEO/ President and one with  a director of
the Company. The terms of both agreements are identical. They are effective October 1, 2016 to September 30, 2019, and call
for an annual salary of $48,000, and if such salary if not paid by the end of the year, the compensation would be paid in
Company stock at a 25% discount to the market value. In addition, all refinancing s, fund raising, debt or equity sales,
and acquisitions, when completed by the respective individual, would be subject to a bonus payment of 10% of the gross
proceeds 

NOTE 5    
        RELATED
    PARTY TRANSACTIONS     

On
January 29, 2015, the Company received $7,000 from an entity owned by a stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the
note, the note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due on demand. Total balance due at September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016 was $7,000.  

The
Company received $30,000 on April 30, 2013, $30,000 on July 12, 2013, $25,000 on October 9, 2013, $25,000 on January 9, 2014,
$25,000 on April 11, 2014 and $25,000 on July 10, 2014 from an entity owned by a stockholder of the Company. Total balance due
at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was $160,000. Pursuant to the terms of the notes, the notes are non-interest bearing,
unsecured and are due on demand.   

PRACO
CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

    AS
OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

    (UNAUDITED)    

NOTE 5    
        RELATED
    PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)     

The
Company received $8,500 on June 25, 2012, $20,000 on September 14, 2012 and $27,578 on January 17, 2013 from Hawk Opportunity
Fund, LP, an entity indirectly owned by a stockholder of the Company. Total balance due at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $56,078.
Pursuant to the terms of the notes, the notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due on demand.   

As
needed, Green Homes Real Estate, LP, an entity indirectly owned by a stockholder of the Company transfers funds to the Company
to cover operating expenses. Those transfers are as follows: $20,722 on November 13, 2014, $10,000 on March 17, 2015, $4,500 on
May 22, 2015, $20,000 on July 27, 2015, $20,000 on November 30, 2015, $15,000 on February 11, 2016, $5,000 on July 26, 2016 and
$3,831 on August 25, 2016, in exchange for various notes payable. Total balance due at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was
$99,052 and $90,222, respectively. Pursuant to the terms of the notes, the notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on
demand.  

The
Company received $3,831 on August 25, 2016 from Philly Residential Acquisition LP, an entity indirectly owned by a stockholder
of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the notes, the notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due on demand.  

NOTE 6    
        INCOME TAXES     

The
Company recorded no income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 because the estimated annual effective
tax rate was zero. As of September 30, 2016, the Company continues to provide a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax
assets especially since the Company believes it is more than likely than not that its deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

Item
2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

The
following information should be read together with the financial statements and the notes thereto and other information included
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016.  

Forward-Looking
Statements   

The
following plan of operation provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our
results of operations and financial condition. This section includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current
views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like  believe ,
 expect ,  estimate ,  anticipate ,  intend ,  project  and similar
expressions, or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from our predictions.  

Overview   

Praco
Corporation (the  Company ), a Nevada corporation was incorporated on December 15, 2009 as Hunt for Travel, Inc. to
design and market travel excursions featuring entertainment, adventure, intellectual stimulation and access to experts on topics
related to the destinations they visit. The Company is now a  shell company  as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated
under the Exchange Act, as amended, as we have no operations. The Company no longer operates in the travel industry sector. Our
current intention is to close the Exchange Agreement, as defined and described below. If the Exchange Agreement closes, we will,
through our majority-owned subsidiaries, own and manage real estate around Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley.  

On
July 3, 2012, the Company entered into an Equity Exchange Agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Hawk Opportunity
Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ( Hawk ), Philly Residential Acquisition LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership
( Philly ), Green Homes Real Estate, LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership ( GH ), Nidus, LP, a Delaware
limited partnership ( Nidus ), and several other related parties. In the years since the Exchange Agreement was signed,
the assets of Nidus have been sold and Nidus will no longer be a part of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement.
Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company will issue 3,100,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
to Hawk, and in connection therewith, the Company will receive 89% of the aggregate equity interest of each of Philly and GH.  

The
closing of the Exchange Agreement (the  Closing ) is still subject to certain conditions such as the completion of
an audit of Philly and GH, and the approval of the transaction from a lender, if necessary. These conditions of Closing have not
occurred and they may never be fulfilled, so the Closing may never occur. As the Closing has not yet occurred, the Company has
no interest in Philly and GH or any real estate at this time.  

Philly
and GH own and manage real estate around Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley. Together these entities own approximately 225 separate
properties. These are primarily comprised of residential rental units which provide a steady stream of income. If and when the
Closing occurs, the Company will be the majority-owner and assume the operations of each of Philly and GH.  

On
May 19, 2015, Carolyn Hunter, the Company s sole officer and sole director, in accordance with the by-laws of the Company,
increased the number of members on the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) to four members and named
three new members to the Board. Ms. Hunter named R. Scott Williams, David Callan, and Alan Cohen as new members of the Board,
all of whom have accepted their appointments.  

Limited
Operating History   

We
have generated no independent financial history and have not previously demonstrated that we will be able to expand our business.
Our business is subject to risks inherent in growing an enterprise including limited capital resources.  

For
the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Results
of Operations   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we had $0 in revenue. Net loss for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $18,001 and $26,845, respectively. For each of the respective periods, professional fees amounted
to $17,500 and $17,030; general and administrative expenses amounted to $478 and $4,281, and interest expense amounted to $23
and $5,534. For the period ended September 30, 2015, interest expense related to imputed interest.  

Capital
Resources and Liquidity   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash of $-0- as compared to $29 as of June 30, 2016. The Company does not anticipate generating
any revenues until it closes the Exchange Agreement. After the Closing, if the Closing occurs, the Company will re-position itself
as an owner and manager of real estate. At such time, the Company anticipates that it will generate revenues through rental income
from the real property owned by its future majority-owned subsidiaries.  

We
believe that our expenses will be very limited until the Closing, however, we must obtain additional funds in order to support
our daily operations until that time. As a result, we will have to raise funds by obtaining loans from related parties or issue
common stock in exchange for cash. However, we cannot make any assurance that we will be able to receive funds. If the Closing
never occurs, we may have difficulty continuing our daily operations. Should this occur, we will attempt to combine with another
entity. If this is not possible, we may be forced to suspend or cease operations.  

We
anticipate that depending on market conditions and our plan of operations, we may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future.
Therefore, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

Cash   

The
following table summarized the sources and uses of cash for the periods then ended. For the same period, the Company held no cash
equivalents.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016:  

Operating
activities primarily decreased due to an overall loss of $18,001 and the decrease in financing activities primarily relate to
a reduction of expenses of the Company. During the period, both GH and Philly paid for expenses on behalf of the Company.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015:  

Operating
activities, primarily decreased due to an overall loss of $26,845, offset by non-cash In-kind interest and services in the amount
of $6,835 and an increase in accounts payable by $3,537. The change in financing activities relate to proceeds received from GH.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

The
financial statements and accompanying footnotes included in this report has been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States with certain amount based on management s best estimates and judgments. To determine
appropriate carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources, management uses assumptions
based on historical results and other factors that believe are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Our
critical accounting policies are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. There have been
no material changes to our critical accounting policies as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

For
information on recent accounting pronouncements, see Recent Accounting Pronouncements in note 1 to the condensed financial statements
appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk.   

We do not hold any derivative instruments
and do not engage in any hedging activities.   

Item
4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls.   

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be
disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that the information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on the existence of the material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting discussed in our Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016, our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
September 30, 2016 to provide such reasonable assurances.  

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls
and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute
assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls
and procedures is also based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.  

Changes
in internal control over financial reporting.   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.   

We
are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or
results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our
subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our
subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse
effect.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

Not
applicable for small reporting companies.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

There has been no default in the payment
of principal, interest, sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default, with respect to any indebtedness
of the Company. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
applicable.  

Item
5. Other Information.   

On
October 1, 2016, the Company signed two employment agreements, one with the CEO/ President and one with a director of
the Company. The terms of both agreements are identical. They are effective October 1, 2016 to September 30, 2019, and call
for an annual salary of $48,000, and if such salary if not paid by the end of the year, the compensation would be paid in
Company stock at a 25% discount to the market value. In addition, all refinancing s, fund raising, debt or equity sales,
and acquisitions, when completed by the respective individual, would be subject to a bonus payment of 10% of the
gross proceeds.  

Item
6. Exhibits.   

*  
      Filed herewith   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

PRACO
    CORPORATION    

Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    R. Scott Williams    

R.
        Scott Williams  
Chief Executive Officer, President,  
          Chief
        Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer,  
          Principal
        Financial Officer, and  
          Principal
        Accounting Officer)    

15  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex10i_praco.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN COMPANY AND R. SCOTT WILLIAMS, DATED OCTOBER 1, 2016

Exhibit 10.1  

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ( Agreement )
is dated and effective as of October 1, 2016, by and between Praco Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the  Company ),
and R. Scott Williams (the  Executive ). 

WHEREAS, the Company recognizes that the Executive s
talents and abilities are unique and desires to secure the services of the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.        Employment .
The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and the Executive hereby accepts
such employment, on the terms and conditions set forth below. 

2.        Term .
The Executive s employment by the Company hereunder (the  Employment Period ) shall begin on October 1, 2016
(the  Effective Date ) and end on September 30, 2019. 

3.        Position
and Duties . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, with such
duties, authority and responsibilities as are normally associated with and appropriate for such position. The Executive shall devote
his working time, attention and energies (other than absences due to illness or vacation) to the performance of his duties for
the Company. Notwithstanding the above, the Executive shall be permitted, to the extent such activities do not substantially interfere
with his performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder or violate Section 9(a) or (b) of this Agreement, to (i) manage
his personal, financial and legal affairs, (ii) serve on civic or charitable boards or committees, (iii) serve on boards of other
companies, (iv) make personal appearances and lectures, and (v) maintain employment as President and Director of Temprano Energy
Corporation (vi) maintain employment as General Partner and Portfolio Manager of Hawk Opportunity Fund. The Executive shall be
entitled to receive and retain all remuneration received by him from the items listed in clauses (i) through (vi) of this paragraph. 

4.        Place
of Performance . During the Employment Period, the Company shall maintain executive offices for the Executive in the County
of Bucks, Pennsylvania and the Executive shall not be required to relocate to any other location. 

5.        Compensation
and Related Matters . 

(a)        Base
Salary . During the Employment Period, the Company shall pay the Executive a base salary at the rate of not less than $48,000
per year ( Base Salary ). 

The Executive s Base Salary shall be
paid in approximately equal installments in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices. If the Company does
not have the funds to pay the Executive s base salary in accordance with this Agreement, his salary shall accrue until the
Company has completed a Financing. All accrued salary shall be paid upon completion of a Financing. If the Company increases the
Executive s Base Salary, such increased Base Salary shall then constitute the Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.
If at the end of the year the Company does not have the funds, nor have completed a refinancing, the Executive, at his option,
may take the accrued salary in common stock at a 25% discount to market value 

1  

(b)        Business,
Travel and Entertainment Expenses . The Company shall promptly reimburse the Executive for all business; travel and entertainment
expenses as shall be approved by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and that are consistent with the Executive s
titles and the practices in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date. 

(c)        Vacation .
The Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of vacation per year. Vacation not taken during the applicable fiscal year (but
not in excess of four (4) weeks) shall be carried over to the next following fiscal year. If at any time or times during the term
of this Agreement, Executive s accrued vacation time reaches four (4) weeks, no additional vacation time shall accrue until
one or more vacation days have been taken by Executive, after which vacation time shall again begin to accrue, subject, however,
to the maximum of four (4) weeks accrued vacation time. Executive shall also be entitled to such holidays with full pay as the
Company affords its executive employees. 

(d)        Welfare,
Pension and Incentive Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive (and his eligible spouse and dependents) shall
be entitled to participate in all the welfare benefit plans and programs which may be maintained by the Company and approved by
the Board from time to time for the benefit of its senior executives including, without limitation, all medical, hospitalization,
dental, disability, accidental death and dismemberment and travel accident insurance plans and programs. In addition, during the
Employment Period, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in all pension, retirement, savings and other employee benefit
plans and programs which may be maintained from time to time by the Company and approved by the Board for the benefit of its senior
executives, other than any annual cash incentive plan. 

(e)        Inventions .
All processes, inventions, patents, copyrights, trademarks, and other intangible rights that may be conceived or developed by Executive,
either alone or with others, during the term of Executive s employment, whether or not conceived or developed during Executive s
working hours, and with respect to which the equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of the Company was used,
or that relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the business of the Company or to the Company s
actual or demonstrably anticipated research and development, or that result from any work performed by Executive for the Company,
shall be the sole property of the Company. Executive shall disclose to the Company all inventions conceived during the term of
employment, whether or not the property of the Company under the terms of the preceding sentence, provided that such disclosure
shall be received by the Company in confidence. Executive shall execute all documents, including patent applications and assignments,
required by the Company to establish the Company s rights under this Section. 

2  

(f)        Bonus. 
All refinancing s, fund raising, debt or equity sales, and acquisitions when completed by Executive will be subject to bonus
payment of 10% of gross proceeds of the transaction. Executive will have the option, but not the obligation, to take the Bonus
in stock (at a 25% discount to then market value) or cash at his discretion. In addition, Executive will be entitled to a production
bonus equal to 10% of the value of the increased production over the 2015 Fiscal Year End (FYE) production baseline calculated
annually. 

6.        Termination .
The Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated during the Employment Period under the following circumstances: 

(a)        Death .
The Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate upon his death. 

(b)        Disability .
If, as a result of the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness as determined by a physician selected by
the Executive, and reasonably acceptable to the Company, (i) the Executive shall have been substantially unable to perform his
duties hereunder for two consecutive months, or for an aggregate of 60 days during any period of twelve consecutive months and
(ii) within thirty days after written Notice of Termination is given to the Executive after such two- or twelve- month period,
the Executive shall not have returned to the substantial performance of his duties on a full-time basis, the Company shall have
the right to terminate the Executive s employment hereunder for  Disability . 

(c)        Cause .
The Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive s employment for  Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,
the Company shall have  Cause  to terminate the Executive s employment only upon the Executive s: 

(i)       conviction
of a felony or willful gross misconduct; or 

(ii)      willful
and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder (other than such failure resulting from the Executive s incapacity
due to physical or mental illness or after the issuance of a Notice of Termination by the Executive for Good Reason) within ten
business days after the Company delivers to him a written demand for performance that specifically identifies the actions to be
performed. 

For purposes of this Section
6(c), no act or failure to act by the Executive shall be considered  willful  if such act is done by the Executive
in the good faith belief that such act is or was to be beneficial to the Company or one or more of its businesses, or such failure
to act is due to the Executive s good faith belief that such action would be materially harmful to the Company or one of
its businesses. Cause shall not exist unless and until the Company has delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted
by a majority of the Board (excluding the Executive for purposes of determining such majority) at a meeting of the Board called
and held for such purpose after reasonable (but in no event less than fifteen days ) notice to the Executive and an opportunity
for the Executive, together with his counsel, to be heard before the Board, finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board
that  Cause  exists, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. 

3  

(d)        Good
Reason . The Executive may terminate his employment for  Good Reason  after giving the Company detailed written
notice thereof, if the Company shall have failed to cure the event or circumstance constituting  Good Reason  within
thirty business days after receiving such notice. Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without the written
consent of the Executive or his approval in his capacity as a member of the Board: 

(i)       the
assignment to the Executive of duties inconsistent with this Agreement or a change in his titles or authority; 

(ii)      any
failure by the Company to comply with Section 5 hereof in any material way after Executive provides written notice to the Board,
as hereinafter described, and the failure by the Company to cure any such alleged material non-compliance within thirty (30) days
after receipt of the written notice; 

(iii)     the
requirement of the Executive to relocate to locations other than those provided in Section 4 hereof; or 

(iv)     any
material breach of this Agreement by the Company after Executive provides written notice to the Board, as hereinafter described,
and the failure by the Company to cure any such alleged material breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of the written notice. 

The Executive s right
to terminate his employment hereunder for Good Reason shall not be affected by his incapacity due to physical or mental illness.
The Executive s continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure
to act constituting Good Reason hereunder. 

(e)        Without
Good Reason . The Executive shall have the right to terminate his employment hereunder without Good Reason by providing the
Company with a Notice of Termination. 

4  

7.        Termination
Procedure . 

(a)        Notice
of Termination . Any termination of the Executive s employment by the Company or by the Executive during the Employment
Period (other than pursuant to Section 6(a) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party. For purposes
of this Agreement, a  Notice of Termination  shall mean a notice indicating the specific termination provision in this
Agreement relied upon and setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination
of the Executive s employment under that provision. 

(b)        Date
of Termination .  Date of Termination  shall mean (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by his death,
the date of his death, (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 6(b), thirty (30) days after
the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination (provided that the Executive does not return to the substantial performance of
his duties on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period), and (iii) if the Executive s employment is terminated
for any other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or any later date (within thirty (30) days after the giving
of such notice) set forth in such Notice of Termination. 

8.        Compensation
Upon Termination or During Disability . In the event the Executive is disabled or his employment terminates during the Employment
Period, the Company shall provide the Executive with the payments and benefits set forth below. The Executive acknowledges and
agrees that the payments set forth in this Section 8 constitute liquidated damages for termination of his employment during the
Employment Period. 

(a)        Termination
By Executive for Good Reason . If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason: 

(i)       the
Company shall pay to the Executive, on or before the Date of Termination, a lump sum payment equal to six months of the Executives
then-current annual Base Salary, if any, and all accrued vacation pay through the Date of Termination; 

(ii)      the
Company shall, consistent with past practice, reimburse the Executive pursuant to Section 5(c) for business expenses incurred but
not paid prior to such termination of employment; 

(iii)     the
Executive shall be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or benefits as may be due to the Executive in accordance with
the terms and provisions of any agreements, plans or programs of the Company (other than any severance-based plan or program). 

(iv)     there
shall be no further obligations hereunder. 

The payments and benefits
provided for as clause (i) and (ii) above are hereinafter referred to as the  Accrued Obligations . 

(b)        Cause
or By Executive Without Good Reason . If the Company terminates the Executive s employment for Cause or by the Executive
other than for Good Reason, then the Company shall provide the Executive with his then-current monthly Base Salary through and
including the Date of Termination and shall have no further obligation to the Executive hereunder. 

5  

(c)        Disability .
During any period that the Executive fails to perform his duties hereunder as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental
illness ( Disability Period ), the Executive shall continue to receive his annual Base Salary for a one-year period,
if any, set forth in Section 5(a) until his employment is terminated pursuant to Section 6(b). In the event the Executive s
employment is terminated for Disability pursuant to Section 6(b), the Company shall provide the Executive with the excess, if any,
of his then-current Base Salary for a period of six months, less any amounts of any long-term disability benefits that he receives
under any Company welfare benefit plans and programs, payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company, for
the remaining six month period and shall have no further obligations to the Executive hereunder. 

(d)        Death .
If the Executive s employment is terminated by his death, the Company shall provide to the Executive s beneficiary,
legal representatives or estate, as the case may be, the Executive s then-current Base Salary through and including the date
of Executive s death and shall have no further obligations hereunder. 

9.        Confidential
Information; Nonsolicitation . 

(a)        Confidential
Information . Except as may be required or appropriate in connection with the Executive carrying out his duties under this Agreement,
the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or any legal process,
or as is necessary in connection with any adversarial proceeding against the Company (in which case the Executive shall cooperate
with the Company in obtaining a protective order at the Company s expense against disclosure by a court of competent jurisdiction),
communicate, to anyone other than the Company and those designated by the Company or on behalf of the Company in the furtherance
of its business or to perform his duties hereunder, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge or data relating to
the Company and its businesses and investments, obtained by the Executive during the Executive s employment by the Company
that is not generally available public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive in violation of this Agreement). 

(b)        Nonsolicitation .
During the Employment Period, and for 12 months after the Executive s Date of Termination if the Executive s employment
is terminated by the Company for Cause or the Executive terminates employment without Good Reason, the Executive will not, directly
or indirectly, solicit for employment by other than the Company any person (other than any personal secretary or assistant hired
to work directly for the Executive) employed by the Company or its affiliated companies, nor will the Executive, directly or indirectly,
solicit for employment by other than the Company any person known by the Executive (after reasonable inquiry) to be employed at
the time by the Company or its affiliated companies. 

6  

(c)        Injunctive
Relief . In the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Section 9, the Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled
to injunctive relief in a court of appropriate jurisdiction to remedy any such breach or threatened breach, the Executive acknowledging
that damages would be inadequate and insufficient. 

10.        Indemnification . 

(a)        General .
The Company agrees that if the Executive is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a  Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that the Executive
is or was a trustee, director or officer of the Company, or any affiliates or is or was serving at the request of the Company,
or any of its affiliates as a trustee, director, officer, member, employee or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint
venture, limited liability company, trust or other enterprise, including, without limitation, service with respect to employee
benefit plans, whether or not the basis of such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a trustee, director, officer,
member, employee or agent while serving as a trustee, director, officer, member, employee or agent, the Executive shall be indemnified
and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended,
against all Expenses incurred or suffered by the Executive in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as
to the Executive even if the Executive has ceased to be an officer, director, trustee or agent, or is no longer employed by the
Company and shall inure to the benefit of his heirs, executors and administrators. 

(b)        Expenses .
As used in this Agreement, the term  Expenses  shall include, without limitation, damages, losses, judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties, excise taxes, settlements, and costs, attorneys  fees, accountants  fees, and disbursements and costs
of attachment or similar bonds, investigations, and any expenses of establishing a right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

(c)        Enforcement .
If a claim or request under this Section 10 is not paid by the Company or on its behalf, within thirty (30) days after a written
claim or request has been received by the Company, the Executive may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Company to recover
the unpaid amount of the claim or request and if successful in whole or in part, the Executive shall be entitled to be paid also
the expenses of prosecuting such suit. All obligations for indemnification hereunder shall be subject to, and paid in accordance
with, applicable Delaware law. 

(d)        Partial
Indemnification . If the Executive is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some
or a portion of any Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Executive
for the portion of such Expenses to which the Executive is entitled. 

7  

(e)        Advances
of Expenses . Expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with any Proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance upon
request of the Executive that the Company pay such Expenses, but only in the event that the Executive shall have delivered in writing
to the Company (i) an undertaking to reimburse the Company for Expenses with respect to which the Executive is not entitled to
indemnification and (ii) a statement of his good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the
Company has been met. 

(f)        Notice
of Claim . The Executive shall give to the Company notice of any claim made against his for which indemnification will or could
be sought under this Agreement. In addition, the Executive shall give the Company such information and cooperation as it may reasonably
require and as shall be within the Executive's power and at such times and places as are convenient for the Executive. 

(g)        Defense
of Claim . With respect to any Proceeding as to which the Executive notifies the Company of the commencement thereof: 

(i)       The
Company will be entitled to participate therein at its own expense; 

(ii)      Except
as otherwise provided below, to the extent that it may wish, the Company will be entitled to assume the defense thereof, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Executive, which in the Company s sole discretion may be regular counsel to the Company and
may be counsel to other officers and directors of the Company or any subsidiary. The Executive also shall have the right to employ
his own counsel in such action, suit or proceeding if he reasonably concludes that failure to do so would involve a conflict of
interest between the Company and the Executive, and under such circumstances the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at
the expense of the Company. 

(iii)     The
Company shall not be liable to indemnify the Executive under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any action or
claim affected without its written consent. The Company shall not settle any action or claim in any manner, which would impose
any penalty that would not be paid directly, or indirectly by the Company or limitation on the Executive without the Executive s
written consent. Neither the Company nor the Executive will unreasonably withhold or delay their consent to any proposed settlement. 

(h)        Non-exclusivity .
The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding in advance of its final disposition
conferred in this Section 10 shall not be exclusive of any other right which the Executive may have or hereafter may acquire under
any statute or certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or any subsidiary, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested
directors or trustees or otherwise. 

8  

11.        Legal
Fees and Expenses . If any contest or dispute shall arise between the Company and the Executive regarding any provision of this
Agreement, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for all legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by the Executive in connection
with such contest or dispute, but only if the Executive prevails to a substantial extent with respect to the Executive s
claims brought and pursued in connection with such contest or dispute. Such reimbursement shall be made as soon as practicable
following the resolution of such contest or dispute (whether or not appealed) to the extent the Company receives reasonable written
evidence of such fees and expenses. 

12.        Successors;
Binding Agreement . 

(a)        Company s
Successors . No rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred, except that the Company
shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially
all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and
to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement,
 Company  shall include any successor to its business and/or assets (by merger, purchase or otherwise) which executes
and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 12 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of
this Agreement by operation of law. 

(b)        Executive s
Successors . No rights or obligations of the Executive under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by the Executive
other than his rights to payments or benefits hereunder, which may be transferred only by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Upon the Executive s death, this Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by the Executive s beneficiary or beneficiaries, personal or legal representatives, or estate, to the extent
any such person succeeds to the Executive s interests under this Agreement. If the Executive should die following his Date
of Termination while any amounts would still be payable to him hereunder if he had continued to live, all such amounts unless otherwise
provided herein shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to such person or persons so appointed in writing
by the Executive, or otherwise to his legal representatives or estate. 

13.        Notice .
For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered either personally or by United States certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 

If to the Executive: 

At his residence address most recently filed
with the Company. 

If to the Company: 

Praco Corporation 

 159 North State Street 

 Newtown, PA 18940 

or to such other address as any party may have
furnished to the others in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon
receipt. 

9  

14.        Miscellaneous .
No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, modified, or waived unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing
signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company, and such waiver is set forth in writing and signed by
the party to be charged. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition
or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions
or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied,
with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The
respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder of this Agreement shall survive the Executive s termination of
employment and the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and obligations.
Except or otherwise provided in Section 10 hereof, the validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement
shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 

15.        Validity .
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

16.        Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. 

17.        Entire
Agreement . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained
herein and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether
oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereto in respect of such subject matter. Any prior agreement
of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein is hereby terminated and canceled. 

18.        Withholding .
All payments hereunder shall be subject to any required withholding of Federal, state and local taxes pursuant to any applicable
law or regulation. 

19.        Section
Headings . The section headings in this Employment Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and they form no part of
this Agreement and shall not affect its interpretation. 

10  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. 

Praco Corporation  

By:  

Title:  
     Chief Executive Officer  

EXECUTIVE  

/s/ R. Scott Williams   

R. Scott Williams  

11 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex10ii_praco.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN COMPANY AND DAVID S. CALLAN, DATED OCTOBER 1, 2016

Exhibit 10.2  

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ( Agreement )
is dated and effective as of October 1, 2016, by and between Praco Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the  Company ),
and David S. Callan (the  Executive ). 

WHEREAS, the Company recognizes that the Executive s
talents and abilities are unique and desires to secure the services of the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.        Employment .
The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and the Executive hereby accepts
such employment, on the terms and conditions set forth below. 

2.        Term .
The Executive s employment by the Company hereunder (the  Employment Period ) shall begin on October 1, 2016
(the  Effective Date ) and end on September 30, 2019. 

3.        Position
and Duties . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, with such
duties, authority and responsibilities as are normally associated with and appropriate for such position. The Executive shall devote
his working time, attention and energies (other than absences due to illness or vacation) to the performance of his duties for
the Company. Notwithstanding the above, the Executive shall be permitted, to the extent such activities do not substantially interfere
with his performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder or violate Section 9(a) or (b) of this Agreement, to (i) manage
his personal, financial and legal affairs, (ii) serve on civic or charitable boards or committees, (iii) serve on boards of other
companies, (iv) make personal appearances and lectures, and (v) maintain Director of Temprano Energy
Corporation (vi) maintain employment as General Partner and Portfolio Manager of Hawk Opportunity Fund. The Executive shall be
entitled to receive and retain all remuneration received by him from the items listed in clauses (i) through (vi) of this paragraph. 

4.        Place
of Performance . During the Employment Period, the Company shall maintain executive offices for the Executive in the County
of Bucks, Pennsylvania and the Executive shall not be required to relocate to any other location. 

5.        Compensation
and Related Matters . 

(a)        Base
Salary . During the Employment Period, the Company shall pay the Executive a base salary at the rate of not less than $48,000
per year ( Base Salary ). 

The Executive s Base Salary shall be
paid in approximately equal installments in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices. If the Company does
not have the funds to pay the Executive s base salary in accordance with this Agreement, his salary shall accrue until the
Company has completed a Financing. All accrued salary shall be paid upon completion of a Financing. If the Company increases the
Executive s Base Salary, such increased Base Salary shall then constitute the Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.
If at the end of the year the Company does not have the funds, nor have completed a refinancing, the Executive, at his option,
may take the accrued salary in common stock at a 25% discount to market value 

1  

(b)        Business,
Travel and Entertainment Expenses . The Company shall promptly reimburse the Executive for all business; travel and entertainment
expenses as shall be approved by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and that are consistent with the Executive s
titles and the practices in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date. 

(c)        Vacation .
The Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of vacation per year. Vacation not taken during the applicable fiscal year (but
not in excess of four (4) weeks) shall be carried over to the next following fiscal year. If at any time or times during the term
of this Agreement, Executive s accrued vacation time reaches four (4) weeks, no additional vacation time shall accrue until
one or more vacation days have been taken by Executive, after which vacation time shall again begin to accrue, subject, however,
to the maximum of four (4) weeks accrued vacation time. Executive shall also be entitled to such holidays with full pay as the
Company affords its executive employees. 

(d)        Welfare,
Pension and Incentive Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive (and his eligible spouse and dependents) shall
be entitled to participate in all the welfare benefit plans and programs which may be maintained by the Company and approved by
the Board from time to time for the benefit of its senior executives including, without limitation, all medical, hospitalization,
dental, disability, accidental death and dismemberment and travel accident insurance plans and programs. In addition, during the
Employment Period, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in all pension, retirement, savings and other employee benefit
plans and programs which may be maintained from time to time by the Company and approved by the Board for the benefit of its senior
executives, other than any annual cash incentive plan. 

(e)        Inventions .
All processes, inventions, patents, copyrights, trademarks, and other intangible rights that may be conceived or developed by Executive,
either alone or with others, during the term of Executive s employment, whether or not conceived or developed during Executive s
working hours, and with respect to which the equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of the Company was used,
or that relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the business of the Company or to the Company s
actual or demonstrably anticipated research and development, or that result from any work performed by Executive for the Company,
shall be the sole property of the Company. Executive shall disclose to the Company all inventions conceived during the term of
employment, whether or not the property of the Company under the terms of the preceding sentence, provided that such disclosure
shall be received by the Company in confidence. Executive shall execute all documents, including patent applications and assignments,
required by the Company to establish the Company s rights under this Section. 

2  

(f)        Bonus. 
All refinancing s, fund raising, debt or equity sales, and acquisitions when completed by Executive will be subject to bonus
payment of 10% of gross proceeds of the transaction. Executive will have the option, but not the obligation, to take the Bonus
in stock (at a 25% discount to then market value) or cash at his discretion. In addition, Executive will be entitled to a production
bonus equal to 10% of the value of the increased production over the 2015 Fiscal Year End (FYE) production baseline calculated
annually. 

6.        Termination .
The Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated during the Employment Period under the following circumstances: 

(a)        Death .
The Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate upon his death. 

(b)        Disability .
If, as a result of the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness as determined by a physician selected by
the Executive, and reasonably acceptable to the Company, (i) the Executive shall have been substantially unable to perform his
duties hereunder for two consecutive months, or for an aggregate of 60 days during any period of twelve consecutive months and
(ii) within thirty days after written Notice of Termination is given to the Executive after such two- or twelve- month period,
the Executive shall not have returned to the substantial performance of his duties on a full-time basis, the Company shall have
the right to terminate the Executive s employment hereunder for  Disability . 

(c)        Cause .
The Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive s employment for  Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,
the Company shall have  Cause  to terminate the Executive s employment only upon the Executive s: 

(i)       conviction
of a felony or willful gross misconduct; or 

(ii)      willful
and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder (other than such failure resulting from the Executive s incapacity
due to physical or mental illness or after the issuance of a Notice of Termination by the Executive for Good Reason) within ten
business days after the Company delivers to him a written demand for performance that specifically identifies the actions to be
performed. 

For purposes of this Section
6(c), no act or failure to act by the Executive shall be considered  willful  if such act is done by the Executive
in the good faith belief that such act is or was to be beneficial to the Company or one or more of its businesses, or such failure
to act is due to the Executive s good faith belief that such action would be materially harmful to the Company or one of
its businesses. Cause shall not exist unless and until the Company has delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted
by a majority of the Board (excluding the Executive for purposes of determining such majority) at a meeting of the Board called
and held for such purpose after reasonable (but in no event less than fifteen days ) notice to the Executive and an opportunity
for the Executive, together with his counsel, to be heard before the Board, finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board
that  Cause  exists, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. 

3  

(d)        Good
Reason . The Executive may terminate his employment for  Good Reason  after giving the Company detailed written
notice thereof, if the Company shall have failed to cure the event or circumstance constituting  Good Reason  within
thirty business days after receiving such notice. Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without the written
consent of the Executive or his approval in his capacity as a member of the Board: 

(i)       the
assignment to the Executive of duties inconsistent with this Agreement or a change in his titles or authority; 

(ii)      any
failure by the Company to comply with Section 5 hereof in any material way after Executive provides written notice to the Board,
as hereinafter described, and the failure by the Company to cure any such alleged material non-compliance within thirty (30) days
after receipt of the written notice; 

(iii)     the
requirement of the Executive to relocate to locations other than those provided in Section 4 hereof; or 

(iv)     any
material breach of this Agreement by the Company after Executive provides written notice to the Board, as hereinafter described,
and the failure by the Company to cure any such alleged material breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of the written notice. 

The Executive s right
to terminate his employment hereunder for Good Reason shall not be affected by his incapacity due to physical or mental illness.
The Executive s continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure
to act constituting Good Reason hereunder. 

(e)        Without
Good Reason . The Executive shall have the right to terminate his employment hereunder without Good Reason by providing the
Company with a Notice of Termination. 

4  

7.        Termination
Procedure . 

(a)        Notice
of Termination . Any termination of the Executive s employment by the Company or by the Executive during the Employment
Period (other than pursuant to Section 6(a) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party. For purposes
of this Agreement, a  Notice of Termination  shall mean a notice indicating the specific termination provision in this
Agreement relied upon and setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination
of the Executive s employment under that provision. 

(b)        Date
of Termination .  Date of Termination  shall mean (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by his death,
the date of his death, (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 6(b), thirty (30) days after
the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination (provided that the Executive does not return to the substantial performance of
his duties on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period), and (iii) if the Executive s employment is terminated
for any other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or any later date (within thirty (30) days after the giving
of such notice) set forth in such Notice of Termination. 

8.        Compensation
Upon Termination or During Disability . In the event the Executive is disabled or his employment terminates during the Employment
Period, the Company shall provide the Executive with the payments and benefits set forth below. The Executive acknowledges and
agrees that the payments set forth in this Section 8 constitute liquidated damages for termination of his employment during the
Employment Period. 

(a)        Termination
By Executive for Good Reason . If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason: 

(i)       the
Company shall pay to the Executive, on or before the Date of Termination, a lump sum payment equal to six months of the Executives
then-current annual Base Salary, if any, and all accrued vacation pay through the Date of Termination; 

(ii)      the
Company shall, consistent with past practice, reimburse the Executive pursuant to Section 5(c) for business expenses incurred but
not paid prior to such termination of employment; 

(iii)     the
Executive shall be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or benefits as may be due to the Executive in accordance with
the terms and provisions of any agreements, plans or programs of the Company (other than any severance-based plan or program). 

(iv)     there
shall be no further obligations hereunder. 

The payments and benefits
provided for as clause (i) and (ii) above are hereinafter referred to as the  Accrued Obligations . 

(b)        Cause
or By Executive Without Good Reason . If the Company terminates the Executive s employment for Cause or by the Executive
other than for Good Reason, then the Company shall provide the Executive with his then-current monthly Base Salary through and
including the Date of Termination and shall have no further obligation to the Executive hereunder. 

5  

(c)        Disability .
During any period that the Executive fails to perform his duties hereunder as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental
illness ( Disability Period ), the Executive shall continue to receive his annual Base Salary for a one-year period,
if any, set forth in Section 5(a) until his employment is terminated pursuant to Section 6(b). In the event the Executive s
employment is terminated for Disability pursuant to Section 6(b), the Company shall provide the Executive with the excess, if any,
of his then-current Base Salary for a period of six months, less any amounts of any long-term disability benefits that he receives
under any Company welfare benefit plans and programs, payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company, for
the remaining six month period and shall have no further obligations to the Executive hereunder. 

(d)        Death .
If the Executive s employment is terminated by his death, the Company shall provide to the Executive s beneficiary,
legal representatives or estate, as the case may be, the Executive s then-current Base Salary through and including the date
of Executive s death and shall have no further obligations hereunder. 

9.        Confidential
Information; Nonsolicitation . 

(a)        Confidential
Information . Except as may be required or appropriate in connection with the Executive carrying out his duties under this Agreement,
the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or any legal process,
or as is necessary in connection with any adversarial proceeding against the Company (in which case the Executive shall cooperate
with the Company in obtaining a protective order at the Company s expense against disclosure by a court of competent jurisdiction),
communicate, to anyone other than the Company and those designated by the Company or on behalf of the Company in the furtherance
of its business or to perform his duties hereunder, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge or data relating to
the Company and its businesses and investments, obtained by the Executive during the Executive s employment by the Company
that is not generally available public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive in violation of this Agreement). 

(b)        Nonsolicitation .
During the Employment Period, and for 12 months after the Executive s Date of Termination if the Executive s employment
is terminated by the Company for Cause or the Executive terminates employment without Good Reason, the Executive will not, directly
or indirectly, solicit for employment by other than the Company any person (other than any personal secretary or assistant hired
to work directly for the Executive) employed by the Company or its affiliated companies, nor will the Executive, directly or indirectly,
solicit for employment by other than the Company any person known by the Executive (after reasonable inquiry) to be employed at
the time by the Company or its affiliated companies. 

6  

(c)        Injunctive
Relief . In the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Section 9, the Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled
to injunctive relief in a court of appropriate jurisdiction to remedy any such breach or threatened breach, the Executive acknowledging
that damages would be inadequate and insufficient. 

10.        Indemnification . 

(a)        General .
The Company agrees that if the Executive is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a  Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that the Executive
is or was a trustee, director or officer of the Company, or any affiliates or is or was serving at the request of the Company,
or any of its affiliates as a trustee, director, officer, member, employee or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint
venture, limited liability company, trust or other enterprise, including, without limitation, service with respect to employee
benefit plans, whether or not the basis of such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a trustee, director, officer,
member, employee or agent while serving as a trustee, director, officer, member, employee or agent, the Executive shall be indemnified
and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended,
against all Expenses incurred or suffered by the Executive in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as
to the Executive even if the Executive has ceased to be an officer, director, trustee or agent, or is no longer employed by the
Company and shall inure to the benefit of his heirs, executors and administrators. 

(b)        Expenses .
As used in this Agreement, the term  Expenses  shall include, without limitation, damages, losses, judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties, excise taxes, settlements, and costs, attorneys  fees, accountants  fees, and disbursements and costs
of attachment or similar bonds, investigations, and any expenses of establishing a right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

(c)        Enforcement .
If a claim or request under this Section 10 is not paid by the Company or on its behalf, within thirty (30) days after a written
claim or request has been received by the Company, the Executive may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Company to recover
the unpaid amount of the claim or request and if successful in whole or in part, the Executive shall be entitled to be paid also
the expenses of prosecuting such suit. All obligations for indemnification hereunder shall be subject to, and paid in accordance
with, applicable Delaware law. 

(d)        Partial
Indemnification . If the Executive is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some
or a portion of any Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Executive
for the portion of such Expenses to which the Executive is entitled. 

7  

(e)        Advances
of Expenses . Expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with any Proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance upon
request of the Executive that the Company pay such Expenses, but only in the event that the Executive shall have delivered in writing
to the Company (i) an undertaking to reimburse the Company for Expenses with respect to which the Executive is not entitled to
indemnification and (ii) a statement of his good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the
Company has been met. 

(f)        Notice
of Claim . The Executive shall give to the Company notice of any claim made against his for which indemnification will or could
be sought under this Agreement. In addition, the Executive shall give the Company such information and cooperation as it may reasonably
require and as shall be within the Executive's power and at such times and places as are convenient for the Executive. 

(g)        Defense
of Claim . With respect to any Proceeding as to which the Executive notifies the Company of the commencement thereof: 

(i)       The
Company will be entitled to participate therein at its own expense; 

(ii)      Except
as otherwise provided below, to the extent that it may wish, the Company will be entitled to assume the defense thereof, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Executive, which in the Company s sole discretion may be regular counsel to the Company and
may be counsel to other officers and directors of the Company or any subsidiary. The Executive also shall have the right to employ
his own counsel in such action, suit or proceeding if he reasonably concludes that failure to do so would involve a conflict of
interest between the Company and the Executive, and under such circumstances the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at
the expense of the Company. 

(iii)     The
Company shall not be liable to indemnify the Executive under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any action or
claim affected without its written consent. The Company shall not settle any action or claim in any manner, which would impose
any penalty that would not be paid directly, or indirectly by the Company or limitation on the Executive without the Executive s
written consent. Neither the Company nor the Executive will unreasonably withhold or delay their consent to any proposed settlement. 

(h)        Non-exclusivity .
The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding in advance of its final disposition
conferred in this Section 10 shall not be exclusive of any other right which the Executive may have or hereafter may acquire under
any statute or certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or any subsidiary, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested
directors or trustees or otherwise. 

8  

11.        Legal
Fees and Expenses . If any contest or dispute shall arise between the Company and the Executive regarding any provision of this
Agreement, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for all legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by the Executive in connection
with such contest or dispute, but only if the Executive prevails to a substantial extent with respect to the Executive s
claims brought and pursued in connection with such contest or dispute. Such reimbursement shall be made as soon as practicable
following the resolution of such contest or dispute (whether or not appealed) to the extent the Company receives reasonable written
evidence of such fees and expenses. 

12.        Successors;
Binding Agreement . 

(a)        Company s
Successors . No rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred, except that the Company
shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially
all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and
to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement,
 Company  shall include any successor to its business and/or assets (by merger, purchase or otherwise) which executes
and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 12 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of
this Agreement by operation of law. 

(b)        Executive s
Successors . No rights or obligations of the Executive under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by the Executive
other than his rights to payments or benefits hereunder, which may be transferred only by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Upon the Executive s death, this Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by the Executive s beneficiary or beneficiaries, personal or legal representatives, or estate, to the extent
any such person succeeds to the Executive s interests under this Agreement. If the Executive should die following his Date
of Termination while any amounts would still be payable to him hereunder if he had continued to live, all such amounts unless otherwise
provided herein shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to such person or persons so appointed in writing
by the Executive, or otherwise to his legal representatives or estate. 

13.        Notice .
For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered either personally or by United States certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 

If to the Executive: 

At his residence address most recently filed
with the Company. 

If to the Company: 

Praco Corporation 

 159 North State Street 

 Newtown, PA 18940 

or to such other address as any party may have
furnished to the others in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon
receipt. 

9  

14.        Miscellaneous .
No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, modified, or waived unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing
signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company, and such waiver is set forth in writing and signed by
the party to be charged. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition
or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions
or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied,
with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The
respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder of this Agreement shall survive the Executive s termination of
employment and the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and obligations.
Except or otherwise provided in Section 10 hereof, the validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement
shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 

15.        Validity .
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

16.        Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. 

17.        Entire
Agreement . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained
herein and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether
oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereto in respect of such subject matter. Any prior agreement
of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein is hereby terminated and canceled. 

18.        Withholding .
All payments hereunder shall be subject to any required withholding of Federal, state and local taxes pursuant to any applicable
law or regulation. 

19.        Section
Headings . The section headings in this Employment Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and they form no part of
this Agreement and shall not affect its interpretation. 

10  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. 

Praco Corporation  

By:  

Title:  
     Chief Executive Officer  

EXECUTIVE  

/s/ David S. Callan   

David S. Callan  

11 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex31i_praco.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   AND
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE   

   SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I,
R. Scott Williams, certify that:  

1.  
     I  have
    reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Praco Corporation;   

2.   
     Based  on
    my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this quarterly report;   

3.   
     Based  on
    my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present
    in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
    periods presented in this quarterly report;   

4.   
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;   

b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation;   

d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;   

5.   
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent function):   

a)  
      all
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ R.
    Scott Williams     

R.
                                         Scott Williams  
          Chief
        Executive Officer,  
          and
        Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer and  
          Principal
        Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10q0916ex32i_praco.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   AND
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE   

   SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Praco Corporation, (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), R. Scott Williams,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    R. Scott Williams    

R.
                                         Scott Williams  
          Chief
        Executive Officer,  
          and
        Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer and  
          Principal
        Financial Officer)    

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to
the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pray-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pray-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pray-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pray-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pray-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pray-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

