<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161006_10-Q_edgar_data_1543418_0001062993-16-011652_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4419204</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90105</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>587481</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>757261</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2089397</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>818750</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-011652.hdr.sgml : 20161006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161006171716
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-011652
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trilogy Metals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001543418
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35447
		FILM NUMBER:		161925483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 1950 - 777 DUNSMUIR STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V7Y 1K4
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(604) 669-6227

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 1950 - 777 DUNSMUIR STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V7Y 1K4

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NovaCopper Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120228

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-011652.txt : 20161006

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Trilogy Metals Inc.: Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES   
     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     
    Washington,
    D.C. 20549   
   FORM 10-Q    
  [X]  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
  15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the Quarterly Period Ended August 31, 2016  
   OR   
  [  ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
  15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the Transition Period from ______to ______  
  Commission File Number:
  1-35447   
    TRILOGY METALS INC.    
   (Exact
  Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

British     Columbia    
       98-1006991   

(State or other jurisdiction of 
     (I.R.S. Employer 

Incorporation or Organization ) 
     Identification No.) 

Suite 1950, 777 Dunsmuir Street   

Vancouver, British Columbia   

Canada    
       V7Y 1K4    

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
     (Zip Code) 

(604) 638-8088 
    (Registrant s Telephone Number,
  Including Area Code)    
 Indicate by check mark whether
  the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
  15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
  for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
  and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes  [ X ]  No  [  ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether
  the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
  site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
  pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for
  such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
  files).  
  Yes  [ X ]  No [  ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether
  the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
  non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
   large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer [  ] 
     Accelerated filer  [  ] 
     Non-accelerated filer [  ] 
     Smaller reporting Company [ X ] 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting  

company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
  company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
  Yes  [ 
  ]  No [ X ] 
 As of October 6, 2016, the registrant had 105,271,984 Common
  Shares, no par value, outstanding. 

NOVACOPPER INC.   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page    

PART
      I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      2   

Item
      1.   
      Financial
      Statements   
      2   

Item
      2.   
      Management s
      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      17   

Item
      3.   
      Quantitative
      and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      27   

Item
      4.   
      Controls
      and Procedures   
      27   

PART
      II - OTHER INFORMATION   
      29   

Item
      1.   
      Legal
      Proceedings   
      29   

Item
      1A.   
      Risk
      Factors   
      29   

Item
      2.   
      Unregistered
      Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      29   

Item
      3.   
      Defaults
      Upon Senior Securities   
      29   

Item
      4.   
      Mine
      Safety Disclosures   
      29   

Item
      5.   
      Other
      Information.   
      29   

Item
      6.   
      Exhibits   
      29   

ii  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION     
  Item 1.     Financial Statements   
   Trilogy MetalsInc.     
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (unaudited)   
 
  Commitments and contingencies  (notes 5, 7, 9, 10)  
     Subsequent event  (note 3)  
 (See accompanying notes to the interim consolidated financial
  statements)  

/s/ Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse, Director   
      /s/ Kalidas Madhavpeddi, Director   

Approved on behalf of the Board of Directors   

2  

Trilogy   Metals   Inc.    
     Consolidated   Statements   of   Loss   and   Comprehensive   Loss     
     (unaudited)     
 
 (See accompanying notes to the interim consolidated financial
  statements)  
 3  

Trilogy   Metals   Inc.    
     Consolidated   Statements   of   Changes   in   Shareholders    Equity    
     (unaudited)      

(See accompanying notes to the interim consolidated financial
  statements) 
 4  

Trilogy   Metals   Inc.    
       Consolidated   Statements   of   Cash   Flows     
     (unaudited)     
 
 (See accompanying notes to the interim consolidated financial
  statements)  
 5  

Trilogy   Metals   Inc.    
   Notes   to   the   Consolidated   Financial   Statements       

1    
       Nature     of     operations      

Trilogy Metals Inc., formerly NovaCopper Inc., ( Trilogy  or
  the  Company ) was incorporated as NovaCopper Inc. in British Columbia under the  Business Corporations Act (BC)  on April 27, 2011 and changed its name to
  Trilogy Metals Inc.  on September 1,
  2016. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of mineral
  properties with a focus on the Arctic and Bornite Projects located in Northwest
  Alaska in the United States of America ( US ). 
 On January 11, 2010, Alaska Gold Company ( AGC ), at the time a
  wholly-owned subsidiary of NovaGold Resources Inc. ( NovaGold ), purchased 100%
  of the Ambler lands, hosting the copper-zinc-lead-gold-silver Arctic Project.
  The Ambler lands were acquired on October 17, 2011 by NovaCopper US Inc.
  ( NovaCopper US ) , doing business as Trilogy Metals US, through a purchase and
  sale agreement with AGC. On October 19, 2011, NovaCopper US acquired the
  exclusive right to explore the Bornite lands and lands deeded to NANA Regional
  Corporation, Inc. ( NANA ) through the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act
  ( ANCSA ) located adjacent to the Ambler lands to create the Upper Kobuk Mineral
  Projects ( UKMP ). On October 24, 2011, NovaGold transferred its ownership of
  NovaCopper US to the Company, then a wholly owned subsidiary of NovaGold, which
  was subsequently spun-out to NovaGold shareholders and publicly listed on April
  30, 2012 ( NovaGold Arrangement ). 
 Where applicable, these consolidated financial statements
  reflect the statements of loss and comprehensive loss, and cash flows of the
  Arctic Project as if Trilogy had been an independent operation from inception.
  Prior to the acquisition in 2010, NovaGold held an initial option from 2004 to
  earn a 51% interest in the property which was terminated upon entering into the
  purchase and sale agreement. All historical spending prior to April 30, 2012 was
  funded by NovaGold. 
 On June 19, 2015, we completed the acquisition of Sunward
  Resources Ltd. ( Sunward ), which held 100% ownership in the Titiribi
  gold-copper exploration project in Colombia. On August 18, 2016, we announced
the sale of Sunward Investments Ltd. ( Sunward Investments ) which was completed
on September 1, 2016. 

2    
      
        Summary     of     significant     accounting     policies    

Basis of presentation  
 These consolidated financial statements have been prepared
  using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S.
  GAAP ) and include the accounts of Trilogy and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
  NovaCopper US, Sunward Investments, and Sunward
  Resources Limited ( Sunward BVI ). Sunward BVI has a registered branch, Sunward
  Resources Sucursal Colombia, to do business in Colombia. All significant
  intercompany transactions are eliminated on consolidation. These financial
  statements were approved by the Company s Audit Committee on behalf of the Board
  of Directors for issue on October 6, 2016.  
 All figures are in United States dollars unless otherwise
  noted.  
 The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include
  all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation
  of our financial position as of August 31, 2016, our results of operations and
  cash flows for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31,
  2015. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended August 31,
  2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year
  ending November 30, 2016. 
 As these interim consolidated financial statements do not
  contain all of the disclosures required by U.S. GAAP for annual financial
  statements, these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be
  read in conjunction with the annual financial statements and related notes
  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November
  30, 2015 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on
  February 8, 2016.  
 6  

Accounting standards adopted   
  Development stage entity   
 In June 2014, the FASB issued  Development Stage Entities  
  Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment
  to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation  ( ASU
  2014-10 ). ASU 2014-10 eliminates the concept of a development stage entity, of
  which Trilogy had been classified. Upon adoption, certain financial reporting
  disclosures have been eliminated including the presentation of an
  inception-to-date statement of income and cash flow. ASU 2014-10 is effective
  for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after
  December 15, 2014. The Company adopted this standard as of December 1, 2015. As
  a result of adopting the standard, we no longer include the cumulative during
  exploration stage column previously presented on our statement of loss and
  comprehensive loss and statement of cash flows. 
  Recent accounting pronouncements  

i.   
       Leases   

In February 2016, the FASB issued new
  accounting requirements for accounting for, presentation of, and classification
  of leases ( ASU 2016-02 ). This will result in most leases being capitalized as
  a right of use asset with a related liability on our balance sheets. The
  requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods
  beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual
  periods, which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We are in the process
  of analyzing the impact of this guidance on our results of operations and
  financial position.  

ii.   
       Stock-based compensation   

In March 2016, the FASB issued new
  guidance simplifying the accounting for stock-based compensation transactions,
  including income tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or
  liabilities, forfeitures, and classification on the statement of cash flows
  ( ASU 2016-09 ). This update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
  after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We are in the process
  of analyzing the impact of this guidance on our results of operations, financial
  position, and disclosures.  

3    
       Disposition     of     Sunward     Investments     Ltd.      

On August 18, 2016, Trilogy announced the sale of Sunward
  Investments to Brazil Resources Inc. ( BRI ), a public company listed on the
  TSX-Venture exchange, of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Sunward
  Investments for consideration of 5,000,000 common shares of BRI and 1,000,000
  warrants, with each warrant exercisable into one common share of BRI for a period of two years from
  the closing date on September 1, 2016 at an exercise price of Cdn$3.50. Sunward
  Investments, through a subsidiary, owns 100% of the Titiribi gold-copper
  exploration project located approximately 70 kilometers southwest of the city of
  Medellin, in Antioquia Department, Colombia. NovaCopper acquired Sunward
  Investments and the Titiribi project as part of its acquisition of Sunward in a
  business combination which closed on June 19, 2015. 
 Following the announcement, the Company classified the
  operations of Sunward Investments as discontinued operations, retrospectively.  
 The following assets and liabilities comprise the discontinued
  operations of Sunward Investments and substantially all of the Colombian segment
  of the Company for the periods noted. 
 7  

The following expenses comprise the discontinued operations of
  Sunward Investments and substantially all of the Colombian segment of the
  Company for the periods noted. 
 
 The disposal of Sunward Investments was completed on September
  1, 2016, subsequent to quarter-end. The share and warrant consideration paid by
  BRI will be recorded at fair value as assets held for trading on September 1,
  2016. The Company expects to realize a gain on the sale of Sunward Investments
  of approximately $4.4 million in the fourth quarter based on the fair value of
  the consideration received of approximately $8.1 million. The Company believes
  that it has sufficient tax pools to offset any taxes payable on the gain to be
  recognized. Also subsequent to quarter-end, Trilogy received a repayment of
  $0.05 million from BRI for funds advanced to Sunward Investments for payments
  related to ongoing operations following closing. This payment represents a
  portion of the cash held by the Colombian entity at closing for future
  operations. 
 As part of the acquisition of Sunward, the Company assumed two
  office leases in Colombia, expiring on November 30, 2016 and April 30, 2017
  respectively, with a total remaining commitment of $0.06 million. The Company
  will no longer be responsible for the commitments under these leases as of
  September 1, 2016.  

4    
       Plant     and     equipment      

8  

5    
      
        Mineral     properties     and     development     costs    

(a)  
      Ambler  

On January 11, 2010, NovaGold, through
  AGC, a wholly-owned subsidiary, purchased 100% of the Ambler lands in Northwest
  Alaska, which contains the copper-zinc-lead-gold-silver Arctic Project and other
  mineralized targets within the volcanogenic massive sulfide belt. As
  consideration, NovaGold issued 931,098 shares with a fair value of $5.0 million
  and agreed to make two cash payments to the vendor of $12.0 million each in
  January 2011 and January 2012. The fair value of these cash payments were $11.1
  million and $10.3 million, respectively, at the transaction date valued using a
  discount rate of approximately 8%. The January 2011 payment was made by NovaGold
  on January 7, 2011 and the January 2012 payment was made by NovaGold, in
  advance, on August 5, 2011. Total fair value of the consideration was $26.6
  million, including transaction costs associated with the acquisition of $0.1
  million. The vendor retained a 1% net smelter return royalty that the owner of
  the property (currently, NovaCopper US) can purchase at any time for a one-time
  payment of $10.0 million. 
 Prior to the acquisition in 2010,
  NovaGold held an option to earn a 51% interest in the property which was
  terminated upon entering into the purchase and sale agreement. 
 As discussed in note 1, the property
  was acquired by NovaCopper US on October 17, 2011 through a purchase and sale
  agreement with AGC.  

(b)  
      Bornite  

On October 19, 2011, NovaCopper US
  acquired the exclusive right to explore and the non-exclusive right to access
  and enter on the Bornite lands, and lands deeded to NANA through the ANCSA,
  located adjacent to the Ambler lands in Northwest Alaska. As consideration,
  NovaCopper US paid $4 million to acquire the right to explore and develop the
  combined Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects through an Exploration Agreement and
  Option to Lease with NANA. NANA also has the right to appoint a member to
  Trilogy s board of directors before April 2017. NANA has not exercised their
  right to appoint a board member at this time. Upon a decision to proceed with
  construction of a mine on the lands, NANA maintains the right to purchase
  between a 16%-25% ownership interest in the mine or retain a 15% net proceeds
  royalty which is payable after Trilogy has recovered certain historical costs,
  including capital and cost of capital. Should NANA elect to purchase an
  ownership interest, consideration will be payable equal to all historical costs
  incurred on the properties at the elected percentage purchased less $40 million,
  not to be less than zero. The parties would form a joint venture and be
  responsible for all future costs, including capital costs of the mine based on
their pro-rata share.  
 NANA would also be granted a net smelter return royalty
  of between 1% and 2.5% upon the execution of a mining lease or a surface use
  agreement, the amount of which is determined by the classification of land from
  which production originates. 
 9  

(c)  
      Mineral properties expense  

The following table summarizes mineral
  properties expense for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015.  
 
 Mineral property expenses consist of
  direct drilling, personnel, community, resource reporting and other exploration
  expenses as outlined above, as well as indirect project support expenses such as
  fixed wing charters, helicopter support, fuel, and other camp operation costs.
  Cumulative mineral properties expense in Alaska from the initial earn-in
  agreement on the property in 2004 to August 31, 2016 is $62.0 million and
  cumulative acquisition costs are $30.6 million totaling $92.6 million spent to
  date. 

6    
      
        Accounts     payable     and     accrued     liabilities    

7     
        Share capital    

10  

Authorized:  
      unlimited common shares, no
  par value  
 
 On March 28, 2012, the shareholders of NovaGold approved the
NovaGold Arrangement in which NovaGold would distribute its interest in Trilogy
to its shareholders on the basis that each shareholder would receive one Common
Share in Trilogy for every six shares of NovaGold. On April 30, 2012 (the
"Effective Date"), NovaGold distributed 46,578,078 Common Shares in Trilogy to
the shareholders of NovaGold. Trilogy also committed to issue up to 6,181,352
common shares, once vested and exercised, to satisfy holders of NovaGold
warrants ("NovaGold Warrants"), performance share units ("NovaGold PSUs") and
deferred share units ("NovaGold DSUs") on record as of the close of business
April 27, 2012. When exercised, or in the case of NovaGold PSUs or NovaGold DSUs
vested, Trilogy has committed to deliver one Common Share to the holder for
every six shares of NovaGold the holder is entitled to receive, rounded down to
the nearest whole number. An amount of $12.2 million was recorded in contributed
surplus representing a pro-rated amount of the historical NovaGold investment
based on the fully diluted number of Common Shares at the Effective Date.
Subsequent to the Effective Date, all NovaGold Warrants were exercised and all
NovaGold PSUs vested. As of August 31, 2016, 20,685 NovaGold DSUs remain
outstanding, which will settle upon certain directors retiring from NovaGold's
board, and 324,820 NovaGold Arrangement Options remain outstanding as disclosed
in note 7b.  

(a)  
      Stock options  

During the period ended August 31, 2016, 1,785,000 options
(August 31, 2015 - 1,728,350 options) at a weighted-average exercise price of
CAD$0.44 (August 31, 2015 - CAD$0.61) were granted to employees, consultants and
directors exercisable for a period of five years with various vesting terms
between nil and two years. The weighted-average fair value attributable to
options granted in the period was $0.13. 
 
For the nine month period ended August 31, 2016, the Company recognized a
stock-based compensation charge of $0.33 million (August 31, 2015 - $0.43
million) for options previously granted to directors, employees and services
providers, net of forfeitures.  
 
The fair value of the stock options recognized in the period has been estimated
using an option pricing model.  
 11  

Assumptions used in the pricing model for the period are as
  provided below.  
 
 As of August 31, 2016, there were 2,346,133 non-vested options
  outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $0.45; the non-vested
  stock option expense not yet recognized was $0.1 million, and this expense is
  expected to be recognized over the next two years.  
 A summary of the Company s stock option plan and changes during

  the period ended is as follows:  
 
 The following table summarizes information about the stock
  options outstanding at August 31, 2016.  

The aggregate intrinsic value of vested share options (the
  market value less the exercise price) at August 31, 2016 was $0.49 million
  (August 31, 2015 - $0.07 million). The aggregate intrinsic value of options
  exercised during the nine month period ended August 31, 2016 was $0.09 million.  

(b)  
      NovaGold Arrangement Options  

Under the NovaGold arrangement, holders of NovaGold stock
  options received one option in the Company for every six options held in
  NovaGold ( NovaGold Arrangement Options ). All NovaGold Arrangement Options are
  vested and subject to NovaGold s stock option plan.  
 12  

A summary of the NovaGold Arrangement Options and changes
  during the period ended is as follows:  
 
 The following table summarizes information about the NovaGold
  Arrangement Options outstanding at August 31, 2016.  
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of vested NovaGold Arrangement
  Options (the market value less the exercise price) at August 31, 2016 was $nil
  (August 31, 2015 - $nil).  

(c)  
      Restricted Share Units and Deferred Share
      Units  

A summary of the Company s unit plans and changes during the
  year ended is as follows:  
 
 For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, Trilogy recognized a
  stock-based compensation charge of $0.22 million (August 31, 2015 - $0.12
  million), net of forfeitures. 
 On December 23, 2015, 600,000 RSUs were granted to officers
  vesting one third immediately, one third on the first anniversary of the grant
  date, and one third on the second anniversary. The 199,999 vested RSUs were
  settled through the issuance of 108,399 shares and a cash payment of $29,000.  

(d)  
      Share purchase warrants  

A summary of the Company s warrants and changes during the
  period ended is as follows:  
 
 13  

8 
      
        Financial instruments    

The Company is exposed to a variety of risks arising from
  financial instruments. These risks and management s objectives, policies and
  procedures for managing these risks are disclosed as follows:  
 The Company s
  financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, short term
investments, accounts receivable,
  deposits, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The fair value of the
  Company s financial instruments approximates their carrying value due to the
  short-term nature of their maturity. All of the Company s financial instruments
  are initially measured at fair value and then held at amortized cost. 
  Financial risk management   
 The Company s activities expose them to certain financial
  risks, including currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest risk and
  price risk.  

(a)  
      Currency risk  

Currency risk is the risk of a fluctuation in financial asset
  and liability settlement amounts due to a change in foreign exchange rates. The
  Company operates in the United States, Canada, and, until September 1, 2016,
in Colombia with some expenses
  incurred in Canadian dollars and Colombian pesos. The Company s exposure to the
  Canadian dollar ( CDN ) is limited to cash of CDN$272,000, accounts receivable
  of CDN$33,000, deposits and prepaid amounts of CDN$147,000 and accounts payable
  of CDN$248,000. Based on a 10% change in the US-Canadian exchange rate, assuming
  all other variables remain constant, the Company s net loss would change by
  approximately $15,000. The Company s exposure to the Colombian peso ( COP ) is
  limited to cash of COP 222 million, deposit and prepaid amounts of COP 121
  million, and accounts payable of COP 37 million. Based on a 10% change in the
  US-COP exchange rate, assuming all other variables remain constant, the
  Company s net loss would change by approximately $10,000. The Company has no
  exposure to the Colombian peso following the closing of the sale of Sunward
  Investments on September 1, 2016.  

(b)  
      Credit risk  

Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or
  third party to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations.
  The Company holds cash and cash equivalents with Canadian Chartered financial
  institutions and a Colombian financial institution. The Company s accounts
  receivable consist of GST receivable from the Federal Government of Canada and
  other receivables for recoverable expenses. The Company s exposure to credit
  risk is equal to the balance of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts
  receivable as recorded in the financial statements.  

(c)  
      Liquidity risk  

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter
  difficulties raising funds to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.
  The Company does not have cash inflows from operations; therefore, the Company
  manages liquidity risk through the management of its capital structure and
  financial leverage. 
 Contractually obligated cash flow requirements as at August 31,
  2016 are as follows.  

14  

(d)  
      Interest rate risk  

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future
  cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
  interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk with respect to
  interest earned on cash and cash equivalents. Based on balances as at August 31,
  2016, a 1% change in interest rates would result in a change in net loss of
  $0.09 million, assuming all other variables remain constant.  
 As we are currently in the exploration phase, none of our
  financial instruments are exposed to commodity price risk; however, our ability
  to obtain long-term financing and its economic viability could be affected by
  commodity price volatility. 

9 
      
        Commitment    

The Company has commitments in respect of office leases
  requiring future minimum lease payments as follows:  
 
 On January 25, 2013, the Company entered into a commitment to
  lease office space effective May 1, 2013 for a period of four years with a
  remaining total commitment as at May 31, 2016 of $0.1 million. As part of the
  acquisition of Sunward, the Company assumed an office lease in Vancouver,
  expiring on February 28, 2017 with a remaining commitment of $0.03 million.  
 
  Notice of lawsuit received over alleged environmental
  violation   
 In July 2015, Sunward was notified that Luisa Maria Escobar
  Wolf ( Escobar-Wolf ) had filed a lawsuit in the Fifth Court of Orality of
  Circuit of Medellin, Colombia. Previously, on April 28, 2014, Sunward received
  notice that Escobar-Wolf filed an arbitral action against Sunward pursuant to
  the arbitration clause contained in an easement agreement under which Sunward
  had acquired certain land access rights at the Titiribi Project. Escobar-Wolf
  alleges that a local water source had been affected as a result of Sunward s
  drilling activities at the Titiribi Project and is seeking, amongst other
  things, damages totalling COP2,623,203,975 (approx. US$0.9 million). 
 Previously, during 2013, Corantioquia, the environmental agency
  for the Colombian State of Antioquia, investigated allegations that a local
  water source had been affected as a result of Sunward s drilling activities at
  the Titiribi Project and on December 12, 2013, Corantioquia issued resolution
  No. 13128232 dismissing the allegations as the environmental agency s internal
  studies showed that the water table levels are within acceptable, documented
  norms. The allegations made by Escobar-Wolf are the same ones Corantioquia
  investigated during 2013 and dismissed.  We believe that the Escobar-Wolf claim is without merit but it is
  too early to predict the outcome of the verbal process or the ultimate
  impact. 
  Investigation of alleged failure to obtain water permits   
 During 2013, Corantioquia notified Sunward of administrative
  proceedings which would have required a suspension of drilling activities
  resulting from what the agency alleged to be an omission in the failure to
  obtain a water permit or concession. On October 31 and December 30, 2013,
  Sunward received notices that Corantioquia had lifted the suspension on future
  drilling activities but is still considering whether to assess a penalty for
  failure to obtain water permits. 
 With the sale of Sunward Investments on September 1, 2016, the
  Company is no longer subject to the above contingencies.  
 15 

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis
  of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
   Cautionary notes    
  Forward-looking statements   
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis contains
   forward-looking information  and  forward-looking statements  within the
  meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section
  21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
  Act ), and other applicable securities laws. These forward-looking statements
  may include statements regarding perceived merit of properties, exploration
  results and budgets, mineral reserves and resource estimates, work programs,
  capital expenditures, operating costs, cash flow estimates, production estimates
  and similar statements relating to the economic viability of a project,
  timelines, strategic plans, statements relating to anticipated activity with
  respect to the Ambler Mining District Industrial Access Project, including the
  Company s plans and expectations relating to its Upper Kobuk Mineral
Projects, market prices for precious and base metals, or other
  statements that are not statements of fact. These statements relate to analyses
  and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates
  of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions of management. Statements
  concerning mineral resource estimates may also be deemed to constitute
   forward-looking statements  to the extent that they involve estimates of the
  mineralization that will be encountered if the property is developed.  
  Any statements that express or involve discussions with
  respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives,
  assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, identified
  by words or phrases such as  expects ,  is expected ,  anticipates ,  believes ,
   plans ,  projects ,  estimates ,  assumes ,  intends ,  strategy ,  goals ,
   objectives ,  potential ,  possible  or variations thereof or stating that
  certain actions, events, conditions or results  may ,  could ,  would ,
   should ,  might  or  will  be taken, occur or be achieved, or the negative of
  any of these terms and similar expressions) are not statements of historical
  fact and may be forward-looking statements.  
  Forward-looking statements are based on a number of material
  assumptions, including those listed below, which could prove to be significantly
  incorrect:   

assumptions made in the interpretation of drill
      results, and of the geology, grade and continuity of the   Company s
        mineral deposits;    

our ability to achieve production at any of the
      Company s mineral exploration and development properties;    

our expected ability to develop adequate
      infrastructure and that the cost of doing so will be reasonable;    

assumptions that all necessary permits and
      governmental approvals will be obtained;    

estimated capital costs, operating costs, production
      and economic returns;    

estimated metal pricing, metallurgy, mineability,
      marketability and operating and capital costs, together   with other
        assumptions underlying the Company s resource and reserve estimates;    

continued good relationships with local communities
      and other stakeholders;    

our expectations regarding demand for equipment,
      skilled labour and services needed for exploration and   development
        of mineral properties;    

assumptions regarding the merit of litigation; and    

that our activities will not be adversely disrupted or
      impeded by development, operating or regulatory   risks.    

Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known
  and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual
  events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking
  statements, including, without limitation:   

risks related to the Company s ability to finance its
      planned exploration activities at its mineral properties   or to
        complete further exploration programs;    

risks related to the Company s ability to finance the
      development of its mineral properties through external   financing,
        strategic alliances, the sale of property interests or otherwise;    

16 

risks related to the inability to define proven and
      probable reserves and the year that none of the   Company s mineral
        properties are in production or under development;    

uncertainties relating to the assumptions underlying
      the Company s resource estimates, such as metal   pricing,
        metallurgy, mineability, marketability and operating and capital
        costs;    

risks related to uncertainty of whether there will
      ever be production at the Company s mineral exploration   and
        development properties;    

risks related to the Company s ability to commence
      production and generate material revenues or obtain   adequate
        financing for its planned exploration and development activities;    

risks related to lack of infrastructure, specifically
      a lack of road access to the UKMP site;    

risks related to commodity price fluctuations;    

risks related to market events and general economic
      conditions;    

uncertainty of estimates of capital costs, operating
      costs, production and economic returns;    

risks related to inclement weather which may delay or
      hinder exploration activities at its mineral   properties;    

the Company s history of losses and expectation of
      future losses;    

risks and uncertainties relating to the interpretation
      of drill results, the geology, grade and continuity of   the
        Company s mineral deposits;    

uncertainty related to inferred mineral resources;    

risks related to the third parties on which the
      Company depends for its exploration and development   activities;    

mining and development risks, including risks related
      to infrastructure, accidents, equipment breakdowns,   labor disputes
        or other unanticipated difficulties with or interruptions in development,
        construction or   production;    

credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency
      risks;    

uncertainty as to the Company s ability to acquire
      additional commercially mineable mineral rights;    

risks related to increases in demand for equipment,
      skilled labor and services needed for exploration and   development
        of mineral properties, and related cost increases;    

the risk that permits and governmental approvals
      necessary to develop and operate mines on the   Company s properties
        will not be available on a timely basis or at all;    

risks related to governmental regulation and permits,
      including environmental regulation, including the   risk that more
        stringent requirements or standards may be adopted or applied;    

risks related to the need for reclamation activities
      on the Company s properties and uncertainty of cost   estimates
        related thereto;    

uncertainty related to title to the Company s mineral
      properties;    

risks related to competition in the acquisition of
      mineral properties;    

risks inherent in the acquisition of new properties
      including unknown liabilities;    

the Company s need to attract and retain qualified
      management and technical personnel;    

risks related to conflicts of interests of some of the
      directors of the Company;    

risks related to potential future litigation;    

risks related to global climate change;    

risks related to adverse publicity from
      non-governmental organizations;    

risks related to future sales or issuances of equity
      securities decreasing the value of existing common   shares, diluting
        voting power and reducing future earnings per share;    

uncertainty as to the volatility in the price of the
      Company s shares;    

the Company s expectation of not paying cash
      dividends;    

adverse federal income tax consequences for U.S.
      shareholders should the Company be a passive foreign   investment
        company;    

risks related to the voting power of our major
      shareholders and the impact that a sale by such shareholders   may
        have on our share price;    

uncertainty as to the Company s ability to maintain
      the adequacy of internal control over financial   reporting as per
        the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and    

increased regulatory
    compliance costs relating to the Dodd-Frank Act and the proposed mining
    property disclosure rules if adopted as proposed.   

17 

This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect
  any of the Company s forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are
  statements about the future and are inherently uncertain, and actual
  achievements of the Company or other future events or conditions may differ
  materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements due to a
  variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, without
  limitation, those referred to in Trilogy s Form 10-K dated February 5, 2016,
  filed with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the United States
  Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), and other information released
  by Trilogy and filed with the appropriate regulatory agencies.   
  The Company s forward-looking statements are based on the
  beliefs, expectations and opinions of management on the date the statements are
  made, and the Company does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking
  statements if circumstances or management s beliefs, expectations or opinions
  should change, except as required by law. For the reasons set forth above,
  investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.   
  Cautionary note to United States investors   
  Reserve and resource estimates   
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis has been prepared
  in accordance with the requirements of the securities laws in effect in Canada,
  which differ from the requirements of U.S. securities laws. Unless otherwise
  indicated, all resource and reserve estimates included in this Management s
  Discussion and Analysis have been prepared in accordance with National
  Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects ( NI 43-101 ) and
  the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy, and Petroleum Definition Standards
  on Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves. NI 43-101 is a rule developed by the
  Canadian Securities Administrators which establishes standards for all public
  disclosure an issuer makes of scientific and technical information concerning
  mineral projects. Canadian standards, including NI 43-101, differ significantly
  from the requirements of the SEC, and resource and reserve information contained
  herein may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by U.S. companies.
  In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term
   resource  does not equate to the term  reserves . Under U.S. standards,
  mineralization may not be classified as a  reserve  unless the determination has
  been made that the mineralization could be economically and legally produced or
  extracted at the time the reserve determination is made. The SEC s disclosure
  standards normally do not permit the inclusion of information concerning
   measured mineral resources ,  indicated mineral resources  or  inferred mineral
  resources  or other descriptions of the amount of mineralization in mineral
  deposits that do not constitute  reserves  by U.S. standards in documents filed
  with the SEC. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of
  mineral deposits in these categories will ever be converted into reserves. U.S.
  investors should also understand that  inferred mineral resources  have a great
  amount of uncertainty as to their existence and great uncertainty as to their
  economic and legal feasibility. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of an
   inferred mineral resource  will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under
  Canadian rules, estimated  inferred mineral resources  may not form the basis of
  feasibility or pre-feasibility studies except in rare cases. Investors are
  cautioned not to assume that all or any part of an  inferred mineral resource 
  exists or is economically or legally mineable. Disclosure of  contained ounces 
  in a resource is permitted disclosure under Canadian regulations; however, the
  SEC normally only permits issuers to report mineralization that does not
  constitute  reserves  by SEC standards as in-place tonnage and grade without
  reference to unit measures. The requirements of NI 43-101 for identification of
   reserves  are also not the same as those of the SEC, and reserves reported by
  the Company in compliance with NI 43-101 may not qualify as  reserves  under SEC
  standards. Accordingly, information concerning mineral deposits set forth herein
  may not be comparable with information made public by companies that report in
  accordance with U.S. standards.   
 General  
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis ( MD A ) of
  Trilogy Metals Inc., formerly NovaCopper Inc., ( Trilogy ,  the Company ) is
  dated October 6, 2016 and provides an analysis of our unaudited interim
  financial results for the quarter ended August 31, 2016. 
 18 

The following information should be read in conjunction with
  our August 31, 2016 unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and
  related notes which were prepared in accordance with United States generally
  accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ). The MD A should also be read
  in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related
  notes for the year ended November 30, 2015. A summary of our accounting policies
  are outlined in note 2 of the audited consolidated financial statements. All
  amounts are in United States dollars unless otherwise stated. References to
   Canadian dollars  and  C$  and  CDN$  are to the currency of Canada, references
  to  U.S. dollars ,  $  or  US$  are to the currency of the United States and
  references to  Colombian pesos  or  COP  are to the currency of the Republic of
  Colombia.  
 Erin Workman, P.Geo., an employee and Director, Technical
  Services, is a Qualified Person under National Instrument 43-101 -  Standards
    of Disclosure for Mineral Projects  ( NI 43-101 ), and has approved the
  scientific and technical information in this MD A. 
 Trilogy s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
  ( TSX ) and the NYSE-MKT under the symbol  TMQ . Additional information related
  to Trilogy, including our annual report on Form 10-K, is available on SEDAR at  www.sedar.com  and on EDGAR at  www.sec.gov . NovaCopper Inc. changed
  its name to Trilogy Metals Inc.  on
  September 1, 2016.  
   Description of business    
 We are a base metals exploration company focused on exploring
  and developing our mineral holdings in the Ambler mining district located in
  Alaska, U.S.A. We conduct our Alaskan operations through a wholly-owned
  subsidiary, NovaCopper US Inc. ( NovaCopper US ), doing business as Trilogy
  Metals US. Our Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects, or UKMP, which we consider to be
  our material properties, consist of: i) the 100% owned Ambler lands which host
  the Arctic copper-zinc-lead-gold-silver Project; and ii) the Bornite lands being
  explored under a collaborative long-term agreement with NANA Regional
  Corporation, Inc. ( NANA ), a regional Alaska Native Corporation, which host the
  Bornite carbonate-hosted copper Project. We also previously owned, through wholly-owned
  subsidiaries, a 100% interest in the Titiribi gold-copper exploration project in
  Colombia.  
   Recent activities    
  Name Change   
 In September 2016, we changed our name to Trilogy Metals Inc.
  to better reflect our Company s naturally diversified resource base. The UKMP is
  located in the Ambler mining district in northwest Alaska; a region known to
  host deposits rich in copper, zinc, lead, gold and silver. The Company controls
  the mineral rights to approximately 353,000 acres of land containing two known
  mineral belts, the Ambler Schist Belt and the Bornite Carbonate Sequence. The
  Ambler Schist Belt hosts volcanogenic massive sulphide ( VMS ) type
  mineralization occurring as a series of high-grade polymetallic
  copper-lead-zinc-gold-silver deposits along the entire 100 kilometer (70 mile)
  long belt. The Bornite Carbonate Sequence hosts several copper replacement
  targets around the Aurora and Pardner Hill prospects, in addition to an
  established resource identified at Bornite. Mineralization at Bornite is open
to further exploration. The shareholders had previously voted in favour of the change of the Company s name to Trilogy at our annual and special
  meeting of shareholders held on May 18, 2016.  
  Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects   
 In early August 2016, we wrapped up another successful season advancing the Arctic deposit towards pre-feasibility. The majority of the 2016 project budget of $5.5 million was spent completing a 3,058 metre drill program at the Arctic Project to support geotechnical, hydrological, waste rock characterization and metallurgical studies, as well as resource definition. Substantial field work was also completed to support the continuation of baseline environmental data collection. During the course of the field season, data collection was completed to support an aquatic survey, an avian and large mammal habitat survey, an archaeological survey and expansion of the wetlands delineation and surface quality work. The remaining thirty percent of the LiDAR survey (used to obtain high resolution topographic data) over the UKMP, initiated during the last field season, was completed. The site investigation work completed in 2016 will form the basis for the completion of studies this fall and a future pre-feasibility study on the Arctic deposit. Drill assay results are expected to be released during the fall of 2016. 
 19 

Sale of Sunward Investments Ltd.   
 On September 1, 2016, Trilogy closed the sale of all of the
  issued and outstanding shares of Sunward Investments Ltd. ( Sunward
  Investments ) to Brazil Resources Inc. ( BRI ) for consideration of 5,000,000
  common shares of BRI, of which 2,500,000 common shares are subject to a six month hold period, and 1,000,000 BRI warrants, with each warrant exercisable into one common
  share of BRI for a period of two years from the closing date at an exercise
  price of Cdn$3.50 for total consideration valued at approximately $8.1 million.
  Sunward Investments, through a subsidiary, owns 100% of the Titiribi gold-copper
  exploration project located approximately 70 kilometers southwest of the city of
  Medellin, in Antioquia Department, Colombia. Trilogy acquired Sunward
  Investments and the Titiribi project as part of its acquisition of Sunward in a
  business combination which closed on June 19, 2015. 
 The Company reclassified the net assets of Sunward Investments
  as an asset held for sale and its operations as a discontinued operation,
  retrospectively, in its third quarter financial statements. The Company expects
  to realize a gain on the sale of approximately $4.4 million in the fourth
  quarter of 2016.  
   Property review    
 Our principal assets, the UKMP, are located in the Ambler
  mining district in Northwest Alaska. The UKMP comprises approximately 352,943
  acres (142,831 hectares) of mineral rights covering the Ambler and Bornite
  lands. 
  Arctic Project   
 The Ambler lands, which host a number of deposits, including
  the high-grade copper-zinc-lead-gold-silver Arctic Project, and other
  mineralized targets within a 100 kilometer long VMS belt, are owned by
  NovaCopper US. The Ambler lands are located in Northwestern Alaska and consist
  of 112,058 acres (45,348 hectares) of Federal patented mining claims and State
  of Alaska mining claims, within which VMS mineralization has been found. 
 We have recorded the Ambler lands as a mineral property with
  acquisition costs capitalized and exploration costs expensed in accordance with
  our accounting policies. As a result of the spin-out of Trilogy from NovaGold
  Resources Inc. ( NovaGold ) in 2012, the consolidated financial statements have
  been presented under the continuity of interest basis of accounting whereby
  property acquisition amounts are based on the amounts originally recorded by
  NovaGold as if we had held the property from inception. 
  Bornite Project   
 On October 19, 2011, NovaCopper US and NANA signed a
  collaborative agreement to explore and develop the Ambler mining district. Under
  the Exploration Agreement and Option to Lease (the  NANA Agreement ), NovaCopper
  US acquired the exclusive right to explore the Bornite property and lands deeded
  to NANA through the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act ( ANCSA ), located
  adjacent to the Arctic Project, and the non-exclusive right to access and entry
  onto NANA s lands. The agreement establishes a framework for any future
  development of either the Bornite Project or the Arctic Project. Both projects
  are included as part of a larger area of interest set forth in the NANA
  Agreement. The agreement with NANA created a total land package incorporating
  our Ambler lands with the adjacent Bornite and ANCSA lands with a total area of
  approximately 352,900 acres (142,831 hectares).  
 As consideration, Trilogy paid $4.0 million to NANA upon
  signing the NANA agreement and gave NANA the right to appoint a member to
  Trilogy s board of directors before April 2017. NANA has not exercised its right
  to appoint a board member at this time. Upon the decision to proceed with
  development of a mine within the area of interest, NANA maintains the right to
  purchase an ownership interest in the mine equal to between 16%-25% or retain a
  15% net proceeds royalty which is payable after Trilogy has recovered certain
  historical costs, including capital and cost of capital. Should NANA elect to
  purchase an ownership interest in the mine, consideration will be payable based
  on the elected percentage purchased and the costs incurred on the properties
  less $40.0 million, not to be less than zero.  
 20 

The parties would form a joint venture and be responsible for
  all future costs incurred in connection with the mine, including capital costs
  of the mine, based on each party s pro-rata share. 
 NANA would also be granted a net smelter return royalty between
  1% and 2.5% upon the execution of a mining lease or a surface use agreement, the
  amount of which is determined by the particular area of land from which
  production originates.  
 We have accounted for the Bornite property as a mineral
  property with acquisition costs capitalized and exploration costs expensed in
  accordance with our accounting policies.  
  Titiribi Project   
 On June 19, 2015, Trilogy completed an arrangement to acquire
  Sunward Resources Ltd. ( Sunward ). As a result, Trilogy, through wholly-owned
  subsidiaries, owned 100% of the Titiribi gold-copper exploration project located
  approximately 70 kilometers southwest of the city of Medellin, in Antioquia
  Department, Colombia. The Titiribi project s principal mining title is
  concession 5085, which was created by the consolidation of five concessions and
  four exploration licenses. This concession, comprising of an area of 3,919
  hectares, was registered with the National Mining Registry on April 18, 2013 and
  expires in 2043.  
 Following the announcement of the sale of Sunward Investments
(see  Recent Developments   Sale of Sunward Investments Ltd. ),
  and its ownership of the Titiribi project, we have accounted for it as an asset
  held for sale and a discontinued operation. The results below have been adjusted
  retrospectively for the treatment as a discontinued operation. 
   Summary of results   

For the three months ended August 31, 2016, Trilogy reported a
  net loss of $4.3 million (or $0.04 basic and diluted loss per common share)
  compared to a net loss of $4.2 million for the corresponding period in 2015 (or
  $0.04 basic and diluted loss per common share). For the three months ended
  August 31, 2016, Trilogy reported a net loss from continuing operations of $3.9
  million compared to a net loss of $4.0 million for the corresponding period in
  2015. This variance was primarily due to a decrease in professional fees offset
  by an increase in mineral properties expense. We incurred $0.1 million in
  professional fees for the three months ended August 31, 2016 compared to $0.3
  million for the three months ended August 31, 2015. The significant decrease in
  professional fees in 2016 is related to the one time transaction costs of $0.6
  million incurred in 2015 for the acquisition of Sunward which was accounted for
  as a business combination. Additional professional fees of $0.1 million related
  to the sale of Sunward Investments are included in the loss from discontinued
  operations for the three months ended August 31, 2016. We incurred $3.1 million
  in mineral properties expense for the three months ended August 31, 2016
  compared to $2.8 million for the three months ended August 31, 2015. The
  increase in mineral property expenses in 2016 is related to higher mining claim
  maintenance fees, additional environmental field programs conducted during the
  2016 program and temporary geology consultants hired for the UKMP.  
 21 

For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, Trilogy reported a
  net loss of $7.6 million (or $0.07 basic and diluted loss per common share)
  which was commensurate with the net loss of $7.4 million incurred for the
  corresponding period in 2015 (or $0.10 basic and diluted loss per common share).
  For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, Trilogy reported a net loss from
  continued operations of $6.9 million compared to a net loss of $7.2 million for
  the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in mineral property expenses of
  $0.7 million was offset by a decrease in professional fees of $0.8 million and
  amortization of $0.2 million. The increase in mineral property expenses to $4.1
  million in 2016 compared to $3.4 million in 2015 was attributed to higher costs
  incurred at the UKMP of $0.2 million for additional environmental studies, $0.1
  million for waste characterization and geotechnical work, and $0.1 million in
  higher claim fees and $0.1 million in additional consultants and personnel
  costs. The reduction of $0.8 million in professional fees was due to transaction
  costs incurred of $0.6 million in 2015 for the Sunward acquisition offset
  against higher professional fees incurred in 2016 for other corporate matters.
  Amortization expense decreased due to the timing of capital asset purchases. The
  increase in loss from discontinued operations from $0.2 million for the nine
  months ended August 31, 2015 to $0.7 million for the nine months ended August
  31, 2016 is mainly related to the timing of the acquisition of the Titiribi
  project in June 2015. In 2016, there were nine months of mineral property
  expenses incurred compared to two months in the earlier period. Additionally,
  $0.1 million in professional fees were incurred in 2016 related to the sale of
  Sunward Investments which forms part of the loss from discontinued
  operations. 
 Other differences in the nine months ended August 31, 2016
  compared to the nine months ended August 31, 2015 resulted from a decrease in
  salaries, stock-based compensation and general and administrative expenses
  offset by an increase in the activity level of investor relations. The decrease
  in salaries, stock-based compensation and general and administrative expenses
  was due mainly to continued favorable foreign exchange rates of the U.S. dollar
  against the Canadian dollar in 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.
  The majority of these expenses are incurred in Canadian dollars. The increase in
  investor relations of $0.1 million was due to increased marketing activity and
  conference attendance by Trilogy. 
   Selected financial data    
  Quarterly information   

Factors that can cause fluctuations in our quarterly results
  include the length of the exploration field season at the properties, the type
  of program conducted, stock option vesting, and issuance of shares. Other
  factors that have caused fluctuations in the quarterly results that would not be
  expected to re-occur include the acquisition of Sunward in Q3 2015 as well as
  the reclassification of Sunward Investments as a discontinued operation in Q3
  2016. Prior periods have been restated for the reclassification of Sunward
  Investments to a discontinued operation in the third quarter of 2016. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2014, we incurred $0.6 million of
  mineral property expenses mainly related to assaying costs incurred for the 2014
  re-logging program.  
 During the first quarter of 2015, we incurred mineral property
  expense of $0.3 million mainly on community support and project staff salaries
  as our field season did not commence until early in the third quarter. During
  the second quarter of 2015, we incurred $0.3 million in mineral property
  expenses with a similar level of activities as the first quarter of 2015. We
  also incurred $0.7 million in professional fees during the second quarter of
  2015 mainly due to the acquisition of Sunward. During the third quarter of 2015,
  we incurred mineral property expenses of $2.9 million as we completed our drilling program. Our net loss for the
  fourth quarter of 2015 of $2.1 million is increased from the fourth quarter net
  loss of 2014 of $2.0 million mainly due to higher mineral property expenses
  offset by a reduction in stock-based compensation.  
 23  

During the first quarter of 2016, our net loss was $1.7
  million, which was higher than the net loss of $1.5 million in the first quarter
  of 2015. The increase was primarily attributed to higher mineral property
  expenses for engineering work conducted at UKMP and expenditures incurred for
  the Titiribi mineral property. During the second
  quarter of 2016, our net loss was $1.6 million, which was lower than the net
  loss of $1.8 million in the previous second quarter. The decrease was primarily
  related to lower professional fees incurred offset by higher mineral property
  expenses at UKMP and the Titiribi property. The professional fees in the second
  quarter of 2015 included one-time transaction costs related to the Sunward
  acquisition of $0.6 million. During the third quarter of 2016, mineral property
  expenses of $3.1 million were due to the field program completed during the
  quarter. Additionally the loss from discontinued operations in the period
  included a one-time charge of $0.1 million in professional fees associated with
  selling of Sunward Investments. 
 Our properties are not yet in production; consequently, we
  believe that our loss (and consequent loss per common share) is not a primary
  focus for investors in the Company.  
   Liquidity and capital resources   
 At August 31, 2016, we had $9.2 million in cash and cash
  equivalents. We expended $6.7 million on operating activities during the nine
  month period ended August 31, 2016, compared with expenditures of $6.1 million
  for operating activities for the same period in 2015. The majority of cash spent
  on operating activities during both periods was expended on mineral property
  expenses, general and administrative costs and salaries. The increase in cash
  spent in the nine months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the corresponding
  period in 2015 was mainly due to higher mineral property expense for
  environmental and engineering studies conducted for the UKMP and expenditures
  incurred in Colombia offset by significantly lower professional fees due to the
  acquisition of Sunward in 2015. 
 During the nine month periods ended August 31, 2016 and August
  31, 2015, we received no cash from financing activities. During the nine month
  period ended August 31, 2016, we expended $121,000 on investing activities for
  acquisition of equipment and $17,000 during the corresponding nine month period
  ended August 31, 2015. 
 As at August 31, 2016, the Company continues to manage its cash
  expenditures and management believes that the working capital available is
  sufficient to meet its operational requirements over the next twelve months.
  Future financings are anticipated through equity offerings, debt financing, sale
  of investments, convertible debt, or other means, although there can be no
  assurance that a financing would be available on terms favorable to the Company,
  or at all. 
   Contractual obligations    
 Contractual obligated undiscounted cash flow requirements as at
  August 31, 2016 are as follows.  
 
 On January 25, 2013, we entered into a commitment to lease
  office space effective May 1, 2013 for a period of four years with a remaining
  total commitment as at August 31, 2016 of $0.1 million. As part of the
  acquisition of Sunward, we assumed an office lease in Vancouver, expiring on
  February 28, 2017 with a remaining commitment of $0.03 million. 
 24  

Off-balance sheet arrangements    
 We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements. The Company
  has lease commitments for office spaces with a remaining total commitment of
  $0.12 million. 
   Outstanding share data    
 At October 6, 2016, we had 105,271,984 common shares issued and
  outstanding. At October 6, 2016, we had outstanding 6,521,740 warrants with an
  exercise price of $1.60 each, 6,185,027 stock options with a weighted-average
  exercise price of $0.52, 925,390 DSUs, 400,001 RSUs, 324,820 NovaGold
  Arrangement Options with a weighted-average exercise price of $4.38, and 20,685
  NovaGold DSUs (equivalent to 3,448 common shares) for which the holder is
  entitled to receive one common share for every six NovaGold shares received. For
  additional information on NovaGold Arrangement Options and NovaGold DSUs, please
  refer to note 7 in our August 31, 2016 interim consolidated financial
  statements. Upon the exercise of all of the forgoing convertible securities, the
  Company would be required to issue an aggregate of 14,356,978 common shares.  
   Accounting standards adopted    
  Development stage entity   
 In June 2014, the FASB issued  Development Stage Entities  
  Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment
  to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation  ( ASU
  2014-10 ). ASU 2014-10 eliminates the concept of a development stage entity, of
  which Trilogy had been classified. Upon adoption, certain financial reporting
  disclosures have been eliminated including the presentation of an
  inception-to-date statement of income and cash flow. ASU 2014-10 is effective
  for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after
  December 15, 2014. The Company adopted this standard as of December 1, 2015. As
  a result of adopting the standard, we no longer include the cumulative during
  exploration stage column previously presented on our statement of loss and
  comprehensive loss and statement of cash flows. 
   Recent accounting pronouncements    

i.   
       Leases   

In February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting
      requirements for accounting for, presentation of, and classification of
      leases ( ASU 2016-02 ). This will result in most leases being capitalized
      as a right of use asset with a related liability on our balance sheets.
      The requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting
      periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within
      those annual periods, which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We
      are in the process of analyzing the impact of this guidance on our results
      of operations and financial position.  

ii.   
       Stock-based compensation   

In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance simplifying
      the accounting for stock-based compensation transactions, including income
      tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or liabilities,
      forfeitures, and classification on the statement of cash flows ( ASU
      2016-09 ). This update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
      after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We are in the
      process of analyzing the impact of this guidance on our results of
      operations, financial position, and disclosures.  

Critical accounting estimates    
 The most critical accounting estimates upon which our financial
  status depends are those requiring estimates of the recoverability of our
  capitalized mineral properties, impairment of long-lived assets, income taxes
  and valuation of stock-based compensation. 
 25  

Mineral properties and development costs   
 All direct costs related to the acquisition of mineral property
  interests are capitalized. The acquisition of title to mineral properties is a
  complicated and uncertain process. The Company has taken steps, in accordance
  with industry standards, to verify the title to mineral properties in which it
  has an interest. Although the Company has made efforts to ensure that legal
  title to its mining assets is properly recorded, there can be no assurance that
  such title will be secured indefinitely.  
  Impairment of long-lived assets   
 Management assesses the possibility of impairment in the
  carrying value of its long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances
  indicate that the carrying amounts of the asset or asset group may not be
  recoverable. Significant estimates are made in assessing the possibility of
  impairment. Management considers several factors in considering if an indicator
  of impairment has occurred, including but not limited to, indications of value
  from external sources, significant changes in the legal, business or regulatory
  environment, and adverse changes in the use or physical condition of the asset.
  These factors are subjective and require consideration at each period end. If an
  indicator of impairment is determined to exist, management calculates the
  estimated undiscounted future net cash flows relating to the asset or asset
  group using estimated future prices, mineral resources, and operating, capital
  and reclamation costs. When the carrying value of an asset exceeds the related
  undiscounted cash flows, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value,
  which is usually determined using discounted future cash flows. Management s
  estimates of mineral prices, mineral resources, foreign exchange rates,
  production levels and operating capital and reclamation costs are subject to
  risk and uncertainties that may affect the determination of the recoverability
  of the long-lived asset. 
  Income taxes   
 We must make estimates and judgments in determining the
  provision for income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and
  liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits including interest and penalties. We
  are subject to income tax law in the United States, Canada and Colombia. The
  evaluation of tax liabilities involving uncertainties in the application of
  complex tax regulation is based on factors such as changes in facts or
  circumstances, changes in tax law, new audit activity, and effectively settled
  issues. The evaluation of an uncertain tax position requires significant
  judgment, and a change in such recognition would result in an additional charge
  to the income tax expense and liability. 
  Stock-based compensation   
 Compensation expense for options granted to employees,
  directors and certain service providers is determined based on estimated fair
  values of the options at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option
  pricing model, which takes into account, as of the grant date, the fair market
  value of the shares, expected volatility, expected life, expected forfeiture
  rate, expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate over the expected
  life of the option. The use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model requires
  input estimation of the expected life of the option, volatility, and forfeiture
  rate which can have a significant impact on the valuation model, and resulting
  expense recorded. 
 26  

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative
  Disclosures about Market Risk   
 Our financial instruments are exposed to certain financial
  risks, including currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest risk and
  price risk. Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents,
  short term investments, accounts receivable, deposits, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Our
  instruments are held in the normal course to meet daily operating and cash flow
  needs of the business. The fair value of the Company s financial instruments
  approximates their carrying value due to the short-term nature of their
  maturity. All of our financial instruments are initially measured at fair value
  and then held at amortized cost. 

(a)  
      Currency risk  

Currency risk is the risk of a fluctuation in financial asset
  and liability settlement amounts due to a change in foreign exchange rates. The
  Company operates in the United States, Canada, and, until September 1, 2016,
in Colombia with some expenses
  incurred in Canadian dollars and Colombian pesos. The Company s exposure to the
  Canadian dollar is limited to cash of CDN$272,000, accounts receivable of
  CDN$33,000, deposits and prepaid amounts of CDN$147,000 and accounts payable of
  CDN$248,000. Based on a 10% change in the US-Canadian exchange rate, assuming
  all other variables remain constant, the Company s net loss would change by
  approximately $15,000. The Company s exposure to the Colombian peso is limited
  to cash of COP 222 million, deposit and prepaid amounts of COP 121 million, and
  accounts payable of COP 37 million. Based on a 10% change in the US-COP exchange
  rate, assuming all other variables remain constant, the Company s net loss would
  change by approximately $10,000. The Company has no exposure to the Colombian
  peso following the closing of the sale of Sunward Investments on September 1,
  2016.  

(b)  
      Credit risk  

Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or
  third party to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations.
  The Company holds cash and cash equivalents with Canadian Chartered financial
  institutions and a Colombian financial institution. The Company s accounts
  receivable consist of GST receivable from the Federal Government of Canada and
  other receivables for recoverable expenses. The Company s exposure to credit
  risk is equal to the balance of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
  receivable as recorded in the financial statements.  

(c)  
      Liquidity risk  

Liquidity risk is the risk that we will encounter difficulties
  raising funds to meet our financial obligations as they fall due. The Company
  does not have cash inflows from operations; therefore, the Company manages
  liquidity risk through the management of our capital structure and financial
  leverage. Future financings may be obtained through debt financing, equity
  financing, sale of investments, convertible debt, exercise of options, or other
  means. Continued operations are dependent on our ability to obtain additional
  financing or to generate future cash flows. 

(d)  
      Interest rate risk  

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future
  cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
  interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk with respect to
  interest earned on cash and cash equivalents. Based on balances as at August 31,
  2016, a 1% change in interest rates would result in a change in net loss of
  $0.09 million, assuming all other variables remain constant.  
 As we are currently in the exploration phase, none of our
  financial instruments are exposed to commodity price risk; however, our ability
  to obtain long-term financing and our economic viability could be affected by
  commodity price volatility. 
  Item 4.     Controls and Procedures   
 Management, with the participation of our President and Chief
  Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of
  our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
  15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of August 31, 2016. On the basis of this
  review, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
  procedures are effective to ensure that the information we are required to
  disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
  processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
  rules and forms of the SEC and to ensure that information required to be
  disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is
  accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and
  Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow
  timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 27  

There have not been any changes in the Company s internal
  control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
  promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act) during the Company s most
  recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are
  reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over
  financial reporting. Any system of internal control over financial reporting, no
  matter how well designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore, even those
  systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
  respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.  
 28  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   
  Item 1.     Legal Proceedings   
 From time to time, we are a party to routine litigation and
  proceedings that are considered part of the ordinary course of its business. We
  are not aware of any material current, pending, or threatened litigation. As
  disclosed previously in our 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2015 and under
  Part I -Item 1, Sunward was notified that Luisa Maria Escobar Wolf has filed a
  lawsuit in the Fifth Court of Orality of Circuit of Medellin, Colombia to
  advance a verbal process. We do not consider this to be a material litigation.
  With the sale of Sunward Investments on September 1, 2016, we are no longer
  party to this litigation. 
  Item 1A. Risk Factors   
 Trilogy and its future business, operations and financial
  condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties due to the nature of
  its business and the present stage of exploration of its mineral properties.
  Certain of these risks and uncertainties are under the heading  Risk Factors 
  under Trilogy s Form 10-K dated February 5, 2016 available on SEDAR at
  www.sedar.com and EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on our website at
  www.novacopper.com. 
  Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity
  Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 None  
  Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 None.  
  Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures   
 These disclosures are not applicable to us.  
  Item 5.     Other Information.   
 None. 
  Item 6.     Exhibits   
 Exhibits  
 See Exhibit Index.  
 29  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
  1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
  the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

By:  
       /s/
        Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse  

Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse  

President and Chief Executive
      Officer    

By:  
       /s/
        Elaine M. Sanders  

Elaine M. Sanders  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

30  

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit
      No.   
      Description   

2.1 
     Agreement for the Purchase of all
    the Shares of Sunward Investments Limited dated August 17, 2016 between
    NovaCopper Inc. and Brazil Resources Inc. (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2016)* 

3.1  
      Certificate of Incorporation, as amended by the
    Certificate of Name Change  

31.1   
      Certification of the Chief
      Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)   

31.2   
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer
      required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)   

32.1   
      Certification of the Chief
      Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   

32.2   
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer
      pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   

101**   
      Interactive Data Files   

101.INS  
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
      Document  

101.CAL  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
      Document  

101.LAB  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label
      Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
      Document  

101.DEF  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Definition Linkbase Document  

* 
     
     Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have
    been omitted in accordance with Item 601 (b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of
    any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and
    Exchange Commission upon request. 

**   
      Furnished herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation
      S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed
      or part of any registration statement or prospectus for purposes of
      Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, are deemed not filed for
      purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and
      otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.   

31  

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit3-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Trilogy Metals Inc.: Exhibit 3.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Trilogy Metals Inc.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

I, Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
      Trilogy Metals Inc.   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):     

a)  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.     

Date:  
     October 6, 2016  

By:  
     /s/ Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse  

Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse  

President and Chief Executive
      Officer   

(principal executive
      officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Trilogy Metals Inc.: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

I, Elaine Sanders, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
      Trilogy Metals Inc.   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):     

a)  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.     

Date:  
     October 6, 2016  

By:  
     /s/ Elaine Sanders  

Elaine Sanders  

Vice President and Chief
      Financial Officer   

(principal financial
      officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Trilogy Metals Inc.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Trilogy Metals Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the period
ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse, President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  
     
       The Report fully complies with the requirements of
      Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
      and   

(2)  
     
       The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company.     

Date:  
     October 6, 2016  

By:  
     /s/ Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse  

Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse  

President and Chief Executive
      Officer   

(principal executive
      officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Trilogy Metals Inc.: Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Trilogy Metals Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the period
ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Elaine Sanders, Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  
     
       The Report fully complies with the requirements of
      Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
      and   

(2)  
     
       The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company.     

Date:  
     October 6, 2016  

By:  
     /s/ Elaine Sanders  

Elaine Sanders  

Vice President and Chief
      Financial Officer   

(principal financial
      officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 tmq-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tmq-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 tmq-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tmq-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tmq-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tmq-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

