<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161213_10-K_edgar_data_1343009_0001683168-16-000925_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1919134</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125408</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>133075</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>394629</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>695032</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>516669</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000925.hdr.sgml : 20161213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161213135609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000925
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001343009
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				203373669
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52403
		FILM NUMBER:		162048483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#3 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-424-2429

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#3 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Mining Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thrust Energy Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051031

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000925.txt : 20161213

10-K
 1
 cannabics_10k-083116.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

x    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 

 or 

  o
   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

 For the transition period from ______
to ______. 

  Commission File Number:  000-52403 

 ___________________________________________________ 

  CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

 ___________________________________________________ 

Registrant's telephone number, including area
code: 877 424-2429 

 ___________________________________________________ 

 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

  None  

 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

  Common Stock, $.0001 Par Value  

 (Title of class) 

 ___________________________________________________ 

  Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   o
   Yes    x
   No  

  Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   o
   Yes    x
   No  

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x    Yes 
  o    No  

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   x
   Yes    o
   No  

  Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K/A or any amendment to this Form 10-K/A.   x  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer. See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer  
      o  
      Accelerated filer  
      o   
 
      Non-accelerated filer  
      o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   
 
  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   o
   Yes    x
   No  

 On August 31st, 2016, the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed fourth quarter, the aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant was $922,115, based upon the closing price on that date of the Common Stock of the registrant on the OTC Bulletin
Board system of $0.05. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial
owners of 5% or more of its Common Stock are deemed affiliates of the registrant. 

 As of as of December 12th, 2016, the registrant
had 107,221,903 shares of its Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, outstanding. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Certain statements made in this Annual Report
are  forward-looking statements  (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding
the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made
in this Report are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Company s plans and objectives
are based, in part, on assumptions involving the growth and expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve
judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions,
all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although
the Company believes that its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could
prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this Report will prove to
be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements made in this Report, the inclusion
of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the objectives and plans
of the Company will be achieved. 

As used in this Annual Report, the terms  we ,
 us ,  our ,  Company , and  CNBX  means Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc., unless
otherwise indicated. 

i       

PART I  

Item 1. Description of
Business  

We were previously an exploration stage mining
company which has transitioned now into a bio-tech company. We currently have an IP Licensing Agreement in Spain, and the USA,
but have not as yet earned revenues. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to successfully license our technology or
that said licensing agreements will be commercially viable. 

Our Address corporate address is #3 Bethesda
Metro Center, Suite 700, Bethesda, Maryland, 20814; Telephone (877) 424-2429. 

The company was previously engaged in the
oil and gas exploration business. On April 29th, 2014, the company began a new direction and the majority of the Shareholders
of the company elected the current Board of Directors and renamed the Company Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. The Directors form
a US based company founded in 2012 by a group of renowned researchers from the fields of molecular biology, cancer research and
pharmacology. R D is conducted in Government licensed labs in Israel with the focus of development of novel and sophisticated
cannabinoid based therapies, medications and administration routes for various diseases.  

History  

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. was incorporated
on September 15, 2004, under the laws of the State of Nevada, as Thrust Energy Corp., for the purpose of acquiring undivided working
interests in small oil and gas exploration properties and non-operating interests in both producing and exploration projects throughout
the United States and Canada. 

On September 30, 2010, we increased our authorized
capital to 900 million shares of common stock (par value $0.0001) and 100 million shares of preferred stock (par value $0.0001),
and effected a 20-for-1 reverse split of our issued and outstanding common stock. As a result of the reverse split, our issued
and outstanding common stock was reduced from 13,604,000 shares to 680,202 shares and 5,000,000 preferred shares. 

Due to our inability to earn any meaningful
revenue from oil and gas exploration, our management determined in April 2011 that we should change our business plan to include
toll milling and refining. 

On May 5th, 2011, we effected a change of name to American Mining
Corp. by completing a short form merger with a wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On April 25th, 2014, Cannabics Inc., a Delaware
Corporation, purchased 20,500,000 shares of restricted stock of the Company, thus acquiring control of the company. 

On April 29th, 2014, Mr. Andrew Grundman resigned
his official position as Director of the Corporation. On April 29th, 2014, the shareholders of the Corporation voted Dr. Zohar
Koren, Dr. Eyal Ballan and Itamar Borochov as the new Directors of the Company. 

Dr. Zohar Koren resigned his official position
as director of the corporation on January 2015. 

On June 3rd, 2014, the Company's Board of
Directors declared a two-to-one forward stock split of all outstanding shares of common stock. The stock split was approved by
FINRA on June 19th, 2014. The effect of the stock split increased the number of shares of common stock outstanding from 40,880,203
to 81,760,406. All common share and per common share data in these financial statements and related notes hereto have been retroactively
adjusted to account for the effect of the stock split for all periods presented prior to June 3rd, 2014. The total number of
authorized common shares and the par value thereof was not changed by the split. 

On June 19th, 2014, FINRA granted final approval
of Change of Name   Ticker Symbol of the Corporation from American Mining Corporation to CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC., with
the new Ticker Symbol of  CNBX . Said approval was predicated upon Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. s filing of
Articles of Merger with American Mining Corporation with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 21st, 2014. Under the laws of the
State of Nevada, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. was merged with and into the Registrant, with the Registrant being the surviving
entity. The Merger was completed under Section 92A.180 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 92A, as amended, and as such, does
not require the approval of the stockholders of either the Registrant or Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

On July 24th, 2014, the Company executed
a Collaboration Agreement with Cannabics, Inc. ( Cannabics ), a Delaware corporation and largest shareholder of the
Company. Per the terms of the Agreement, the Company issued 18,239,594 shares of its common stock to acquire the entire institutional
knowledge of Cannabics, Inc., which primarily consists of in-process Research   Development technology, the cumulative result
of its years of scientific institutional knowledge in the fields of Molecular Biology, Cancer and Pharmacology research. Additionally
Cannabics tendered $150,000 to the Company specifically earmarked as working funds towards prospective projects of the Company.
Per the Agreement, from that day forth they have carried forward their research and development as part of, and for the exclusive
benefit of the Company, which initial findings have now branched out into new and divergent discoveries. 

On July 31st, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. filed its exclusive Patent Application with the US Patent   Trademark Office (USPTO), which covers the proprietary technology
developed by its team of experts in the field of cannabinoid long acting lipid based formulations. This patent is the basis for
the company s  CANNABICS SR  technology, which consists of the IP for standardized and long acting medical cannabis
capsules, designed for patients suffering from diverse indications. Simultaneously this Patent was filed with the PCT division
of the Israeli Patent Office (ILPO) in order to provide International IP protection. 

On August 25th, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary in Israel, named  G.R.I.N Ultra Ltd , dedicated to advanced research and
development. 

On December 18th, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. executed a letter of engagement with Mountain High Products in Colorado, for the manufacturing and distribution of Cannabics
SR technology in the Colorado market. Cannabics SR medical cannabis technology will be utilized by Mountain High Products in strict
compliance with Colorado laws and regulations of  Cannabis Infused Edible Products  and distributed to certified dispensaries
through Mountain High's existing distribution channels. 

On January 29, 2015 the Company executed an
Agreement with Rambam Medical Center (Israel) to undertake a controlled pilot study utilizing Cannabics SR Capsules as palliative
treatment to improve cancer related Cachexia and Anorexia Syndrome in advanced stage cancer patients. Rambam is a world renowned
academic hospital acknowledged for their cutting-edge research projects and integration of innovative new therapies and treatments
to over 2 million residents of Northern Israel. You can view the details of this ongoing study from the NIH website at http://www.cancer.gov/clinicaltrials/search/view?cdrid=769090 version=HealthProfessional protocolsearchid=12509449. 

On February 15, 2015 the Company executed of
a Research Agreement with the Technion Research   Development Foundation Ltd (Israel) to undertake a Research Project entitled
  The Assessment of the Antitumor Activity of the Whole Cannabis Plant Extract, Components and Derivatives Thereof .  
The Research Project is scheduled to last one calendar year. Under the terms of the Agreement, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals will collaborate
under the supervision of Prof. Dedi Meiri, Head of Technion s Laboratory of Cancer Biology and Cannabinoid Research. The
purpose of this Research is to develop a diagnostic and therapeutic system to harness the anti-cancer properties of active cannabis-based
ingredients. The study will screen and evaluate different types of human cancer cells treated with a multitude of cannabinoid combinations
and observe and catalogue the effects thereof. Technion is consistently ranked among the world s top science and Technology
Research Universities. The Faculty of Biology is comprised of 23 independent research groups, focusing on a variety of aspects
of Cellular, Molecular and Developmental Biology. The faculty has extensive collaborations with the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industries. 

On May 27th, 2015 the Company filed a Patent
with the USPTO entitled   A Method of in Vitro High Throughput Screening of Cancer Biopsies with Cannabinoid Extracts  .
In essence this patent takes the next step from the cancer cell knowledge already obtained from cell lines in the Technion Laboratory
and extends it to a system of analyzing cancer cells taken from patient biopsies, and then testing them against a multitude of
cannabinoid combinations for anti-tumor activity via the High Throughput Screening process. This patent formally begins the next
phase of the Company, which is Personalized Medicine (PM). We have developed an automated high-throughput method for the screening
of different types of cancer cells or biopsies treated with a multitude of cannabis extracts. These natural extracts could also
be tested in conjunction with already approved and common synthetic drugs for patients that undergo chemotherapy for the most
personally tailored therapy. This multilayer method is producing a large-scale database that will capture the knowledge gained
as to the unique effects of different combinations of cannabinoid compounds on diverse malignancies. Coextensive with the development
of the automated high-throughput system, we are also developing proprietary and novel compounds targeting diverse and specific
types of tumors. 

On January 25th 2016 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. executed an exclusive IP Licensing Agreement with Mountain High Products LLC and the Cima Group LLC for the production and
distribution of the Company s CANNABICS SR technology of medical cannabis capsules in Colorado. And with, Cima Group LLC
which is a related party to mountain high and is charged with their operations in states outside of Colorado. 

On February 24, 2016, the Company filed a new
patent application for the company s slow release medical capsules with the US Patent   Trademark Office, as noted in
their Press Release of that date. 

On March 22nd, 2016, the Company announced
the start of a regulated Clinical Study for Cancer Patients in Israel under the auspices of the Rambam Medical Center and the
Ministry of Health. This clinical study involves patients with advanced cancer and cancer anorexia cachexia syndrome (CACS), endpoints
examined are weight gain appetite, quality of life and a marker for anti-cancer activity. Quality of life in patients with CACS
is directly related to loss of appetite and loss of weight. This study examines the influence of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals SR
capsules on both of these common effects of cancer and cancer treatment. Secondary outcome measures are improvement in appetite,
reduction in TNF-alpha level, safety assessment for early psychiatric side-effects, quality of life and evaluation of muscle strength.
While this study is taking place in Israel, it is fully registered with the US NIH under   Cannabics Capsules as Treatment
to Improve Cancer Related CACS in Advanced Cancer Patients ,  Identifier NCT02359123, and may be found at https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02359123. 

On June 6 th , 2016 the Company filed
a PCT Application with the US Patent   Trademark Office (USPTO) entitled a  System and Method for High Throughput Screening
of Cancer Cells . Cannabics Pharmaceuticals has developed a proprietary high throughput screening process which is designed
to generate mega-data of specific cannabinoids and cannabinoid formulations with antitumor properties. In this proprietary process
biopsies and live cancer cells lines are treated, In vitro, with innumerous combinations of cannabinoids and the resulting antitumor
effects are screened, categorized and actually visually displayed. 

Our Business  

We are a pharmaceutical development company
focusing on cancer research utilizing advanced HTS technology and personalized bioinformatics tools. 

Management Experience  

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. s management team is highly experienced in various aspects of biotech and pharmaceutical management. The scientific
team has a long cumulative track record in cancer and CNS research, pharmaceutical development, clinical studies and a deep hands-on
understanding of the medical cannabis industry. 

Dr. Eyal Ballan, 43,
is a co-founder of Cannabics Inc. and is its CTO. Dr. Ballan holds a Ph.D. in Neurophysiology, EEG, Brain Wave Analysis and Cortical
Connectivity. After obtaining his Ph.D. he was an entrepreneur in the field of Biofeedback Studies and developed a Resonating Neuro-Feedback
system. Dr. Ballan holds a M.Sc. from Tel-Aviv University - Magna Cum Laude - in anticancer drug development. Dr. Ballan was
part of the renowned research team which developed Salirasib (Treatment for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer).  He is an expert
in molecular biology, cell cultures and genomics with a focus towards identification of anticancer compounds and delivery systems
to tumors and is a member of the American Academy of Neurology.  

Itamar Borochov, 57, is a co-founder of Cannabics
Inc. and is its Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Borochov is an environmentalist with experience as an entrepreneur in the fields of
organic agriculture and medical botanicals and brings vast expertise in the areas of market intelligence and organizational branding. 

All the Directors are committed full time to
the Company. 

Advisory Board   

Dr. Sigalit Ariely-Portnoy - Senior Advisor
in the field of Regulation, Validation and Quality. Dr. Sigalit Ariely-Portnoy has over 17 years  experience in the pharmaceutical
industry. During this time, she has managed pharmaceutical and chemical plants at Taro pharmaceutical industries Ltd as Operation
Group Vice president and in Teva Pharmaceutical industries Ltd as Kfar-Saba OSD plant manager. Dr. Ariely-Portnoy managed Teva's
largest plant worldwide (9 billion tablets per annum and more than $2B revenues). During her career, she led more than 50 inspections
by the US FDA, EMEA, Israeli MOH, and others. Dr. Ariely-Portnoy spearheaded the construction of a 200,000 sq ft pharmaceutical
plant, several chemical plants and bio-warehouses, as well as many significant plant expansions for manufacturers of semisolids,
liquids and oral solid dosage forms. Between the years 2003-2006, Dr. Ariely-Portnoy was the president of the Israel chapter of
the PDA (Parenteral Drug Association). For the last 5 years, Dr. Ariely-Portnoy manages Gsap, a company which consults pharmaceutical,
medical device and biotechnology companies in several major fields, including innovative product development, regulation, establishing
quality systems and validation services. Dr. Ariely-Portnoy received her B.Sc., M.Sc., and D.Sc. from the Technion Institute of
Technology in Haifa, Israel, in the fields of Chemical Engineering and Biomedical Engineering. 

Company Overview   

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. is based in
Bethesda, Maryland, and is dedicated to the development and licensing of advanced and sophisticated cannabinoid-based treatments
and therapies. The Company s main focus is development and marketing of various new and innovative therapies and biotechnological
tools aimed at providing relief from diverse ailments that respond to active ingredients sourced from the cannabis plant. These
advanced tools include innovative delivery systems for cannabinoids, personalized medicine therapies and procedures based on cannabis
originated compounds and bioinformatics tools. 

The parent Company Cannabics Inc was founded
by a group of Israeli researchers from the fields of cancer research, pharmacology and molecular biology. Its current flagship
Intellectual Property is named  CANNABICS SR , a proprietary formulation to create a long acting medical cannabis capsule
that was shown in observational studies in Israel to provide 10-12 hours of beneficial therapeutic effects and indicated initially
as a palliative care therapy for cancer patients. This proprietary delivery method enables a convenient once per day dosing regimen
of medical cannabis to patients. 

The Company has a dedicated team of scientists
that are working constantly on creating new technologies of medical cannabis care for patients in diverse indications. The company s
Research is located in Israel which has allowed for the use of medical cannabis since the 1990s, and has a favorable regulatory
attitude towards the conducting of Cannabis based clinical studies in Israeli hospitals   in contrast to the legal situation
in the United States where clinical research on medical cannabis is still illegal. This structure is an extraordinary corporate
advantage, and markedly separates the company from similarly minded companies. 

The number of people licensed to receive medical
cannabis treatment in Israel numbers around 20,000 - in comparison to over 1,000,000 in the whole of the United States. Therefore,
while the Israeli market potential is regarded as limited, the ability to perform clinical studies and use the Israeli market as
an  advanced medical Cannabis R D lab  is proving to be highly advantageous. 

Most importantly, while the U.S. FDA has yet
to approve even basic private research relating to cannabis, the regulatory environment is quite different in Israel. Within the
Israeli Ministry of Health, there is a stand-alone agency, the Israeli Medical Cannabis Agency, (IMCA), which on October 26th, 2014, granted Cannabics Pharmaceuticals an exclusive government License to launch their advanced scientific R D program. 

Through the large body of research that is
conducted by its scientists and affiliated partners, the Company has been able to gain in-depth knowledge of the various therapeutic
effects of diverse cannabis strains and identify patterns of cannabinoid ratios that are useful in treating various indications.
The Company is currently in the midst of several collaborative programs with several leading academic research and medical centers
in Israel in order to further establish the beneficial therapeutic effects of its proprietary Intellectual Property, and to refine
its development of novel treatments for debilitating ailments. 

CANNABICS SR technology  

While the medicinal effects of certain cannabinoids
are well known to physicians, it is common knowledge that smoking is hazardous to health, due to the formation of inhaled carcinogenic
compounds in the combustion process and deposit of tar and other damaging residues in the lung tissue. Many physicians are perfectly
aware of the beneficial therapeutic properties of medical cannabis, however they refrain from recommending or prescribing it to
patients knowing that smoking the raw flowers is still the most common and available administration route. Suggesting smoking for
a grandmother going through cancer treatment makes little sense. Hence the availability of an oral, standardized, reliable and
clinically tested administration route of medical cannabis   no different from the administration route of most medications
consumed by patients today - would dramatically improve the availability of medical cannabis therapy to patients in need. 

Standardization and reproducibility  

 Most practicing physicians are aware of the
increasing market availability of cannabis edible products such as cannabis cookies, chocolates and chewing gums. However, these
products have so far totally failed in gaining credibility in the eyes of the medical community due to a severe lack in standardization
and reproducibility. Laboratory tests of cannabinoid concentrations in currently available edible products have demonstrated severe
variability in the potency of those products, due to non-uniformity of manufacturing procedures in the kitchens that produce them.
In addition, the bioavailability levels (the amount of active ingredients that ultimately reach the blood stream after ingestion)
of these products is also highly variable due to the lack of a standardized and efficient formulation. As a result, it is very
common to either over-dose or under-dose when using such cannabis edibles as a therapeutic means, a fact which rightly prevents
most physicians from recommending these medically un-tested products. Therefore, a substantial unmet need of the medical cannabis
market is a standardized and reproducible product, which is based on a sophisticated and advanced formulation that provides a high
and predictable bioavailability level of the cannabis active ingredients to patients. 

Long lasting and stable effect profile  

 An additional substantial drawback of most
currently available administration routes of medical cannabis is the short lasting effect profile that they offer, with a typical
3-4 hour effect for smoking, vaporizing and sublingual administration, and a typical 6-7 hour effect for unformulated edible products.
As a result, the patient has to re-dose several times throughout the day, and suffers from inconsistent and rapidly variable levels
of therapeutic effects. Many patients and physicians report that this is one of the main limitations to the efficacy of currently
available medical cannabis therapies, and a major cause for a sub-optimal treatment. Therefore, a substantial unmet need in the
medical cannabis field is a long acting product that will provide a steady state level of therapeutic effects for at least 10 hours,
and can thus allow a whole day of beneficial response within the therapeutic window upon a once-per-day dosing regimen. 

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. has developed
its proprietary  CANNABICS SR  long acting formulation in order to address these specific unmet needs of medical cannabis
needs described above. This sophisticated and advanced formulation is the core technology embedded in CANNABICS SR. Our technology
allows for standardized and long acting medical cannabis dosage, designed for specific and various indications. The proprietary
formulation ensures the patient experiences a constant, steady state level of beneficial effects within the therapeutic window
for up to a 10   12 hour span. The unique long acting formulation allows for once-per-day dosing regimen that provides the
desired therapeutic effects of medical cannabis throughout the day. Thus, our technology enables a safe, effective and reproducible
administration method and fulfils the unmet needs of both patients and physicians. 

The Cannabics SR technology perfectly solves
one of the major concerns of medical cannabis patients, which is the initial high peak of active cannabinoids concentration in
the plasma soon after administration. This high peak is a common feature of immediate release cannabis administration methods,
and can cause undesirable side effects such as disorientation and dizziness. The unique pharmacokinetic profile of our technology
helps to avoid this undesired result. The CANNABICS technology assumes only natural pure extracts of active cannabinoids from specifically
selected strains of medical cannabis, that are carefully chosen to serve the unique needs of patients suffering from specific indications.
There are no synthetic compounds involved. The CANNABICS technology is pre-designed to fit the currently existing medical cannabis
regulations in Israel, Europe and certain US States which are licensed as a  Medical Marijuana Infused Products Manufacturer 
( 12-43.3-404 CRS). The ingredients used in the proprietary CANNABICS SR formulation are all certified food grade ingredients
(recognized by the FDA as  G.R.A.S.    Generally Regarded as Safe) and the formulation is free of any artificial
additives or chemical substances. Thus the CANNABICS SR technology is fully compliant with the current cannabis infused edible
product regulatory definition, which is in fact very similar to a regular food supplement regulatory definition. 

As a result, CANNABICS technology is exempt
from long and arduous pharmaceutical development processes and does not require additional regulatory approval beyond the standard
 Medical Marijuana Infused Products Manufacturer  license from a licensee (the  manufacturer ) in order
to reach the market. This unique position distinguishes CANNABICS SR technology from other options currently available in the market.
On the one hand, the technology proffers a fully standardized and reproducible product that has compliance for GMP manufacturing
standards just as one would expect from any pharmaceutical product; and on the other hand it is pre-designed to allow for use of
this technology without long, arduous and extremely expensive regulation processes that are typical in the pharmaceutical industry. 

In order to establish the goal of true standardization
and reproducibility and to indeed rank as one of the leading medical cannabis technologies in the market, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. has achieved Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) capabilities. GMP regulations are designed to ensure that products are produced
and controlled according to the highest industry quality standards. Adhering to these practices ranks Cannabics among a very limited
number of medical cannabis technologies available in the market that are capable of being manufactured according to GMP standards.
An additional goal of the company is to be one of the first and few companies in the world to commercialize its clinically tested
cannabis-based technology. In furtherance of this goal, Cannabics Inc. has now undertaken a series of clinical studies in renowned
medical centers in Israel where the R D division is strategically located. Achievement of GMP manufacturing capabilities is
an important pre-requisite for the initiation of these clinical studies. The efficacy and safety data collected in these formal
clinical studies, together with the superior pharmacokinetic profile of the Cannabics SR formulation, will be the key advantage
of Cannabics in the medical cannabis arena. 

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. has now initiated
its technology through a strategic partner in the state of Colorado and EU markets under existing medical cannabis regulatory pathways,
while simultaneously preparing to launch a series of formal clinical studies in order to establish the unique medical benefits
of its technologies for patients suffering from various indications. 

The company s business model is solely
based on technology development and IP out-licensing to licensed and certified producers for marketing. The Company s technologies
are licensed to a strategic partner in compliance with each country s and/or US state s statutory regulations and exclusively
to licensed and authorized medical cannabis local licensees that have adequate production and marketing capabilities. Within the
US, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. itself  does not  manufacture, distribute, dispense or possess any controlled substances,
including cannabis or cannabis based preparations, it merely licenses its IP. Within Israel, Europe and other territories outside
the US, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. may employ a different business model through gaining adequate licenses under the appropriate
regulations in each territory, all in full compliance with local rules and regulations in each country. Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. is purely a Bio-Technology Pharmaceutical company which licenses use of its Intellectual Property, it does not itself produce
or provide any product in any location. 

Intellectual Property  

On July 31, 2014, the Company filed an exclusive
Patent Application with the US Patent   Trademark Office (USPTO), which covers the proprietary technology developed by its
team of experts in the field of cannabinoid long acting lipid based formulations. This technology is the basis for the company s
 CANNABICS SR  technology, which is the basis of a standardized and long acting medical cannabis capsules, designed
for patients suffering from diverse indications. Simultaneously a Patent Application was filed with the PCT division of the Israeli
Patent Office (ILPO) in order to provide International IP protection. 

On May 27th, 2015 the Company filed a Patent
with the USPTO entitled   A Method of in Vitro High Throughput Screening of Cancer Biopsies with Cannabinoid Extracts  .
In essence this patent takes the next step from the cancer cell knowledge already obtained from cell lines in the Technion Laboratory
and extends it to a system of analyzing cancer cells taken from patient biopsies, and then testing them against a multitude of
cannabinoid combinations for anti-tumor activity via the High Throughput Screening process. This patent formally begins the next
phase of the Company, which is Personalized Medicine (PM). We have developed an automated high-throughput method for the screening
of different types of cancer cells or biopsies treated with a multitude of cannabis extracts. These natural extracts could also
be tested in conjunction with already approved and common synthetic drugs for patients that undergo chemotherapy for the most
personally tailored therapy. This multilayer method is producing a large-scale database that will capture the knowledge gained
as to the unique effects of different combinations of cannabinoid compounds on diverse malignancies. Coextensive with the development
of the automated high-throughput system, we are also developing proprietary and novel compounds targeting diverse and specific
types of tumors. 

On February 24, 2016, the Company filed a new
patent application for the company s slow release medical capsules with the US Patent   Trademark Office, as noted in
their Press Release of that date. 

On June 6th, 2016 the Company filed a PCT
Application with the US Patent   Trademark Office (USPTO) entitled a  System and Method for High Throughput Screening
of Cancer Cells . Cannabics Pharmaceuticals has developed a proprietary high throughput screening process which is
designed to generate mega-data of specific cannabinoids and cannabinoid formulations with antitumor properties. In this proprietary
process biopsies and live cancer cells lines are treated, In vitro, with innumerous combinations of cannabinoids and the resulting
antitumor effects are screened, categorized and actually visually displayed. 

Competitive Factors  

The Pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive
and we will be competing with many other and better financed companies. 

We are an early stage pharmaceutical company,
with deminimis positive cash flow. We compete with other early stage bio-tech and pharmaceutical companies for financing from a
limited number of investors that are prepared to make investments in early stage development companies. The presence of competing
early stage pharmaceutical companies may impact on our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund our research and development
if investors are of the view that investments in competitors are more attractive based on their subjective analysis of our company,
the general market conditions and the price of the investment offered to investors. 

Regulations  

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. is purely a
Bio-Technology Pharmaceutical company which licenses use of its Intellectual Property, it does not produce, manufacture or provide
any product in any location. We are duly licensed by the Israeli Health Ministry for our research in Israel. Beyond the Israeli
Health Ministry (by whom we are licensed), we are not under the aegis of any Federal or State regulatory scheme as we have no manufacturing
activity. Any licensee whom we engage must be duly licensed and certified according to all pertinent local government regulations. 

It is imperative for the reader of this report
to recognize that the company itself does not manufacture, distribute, or dispense any controlled substances, including cannabis,
rather it develops proprietary technologies that are then licensed for use by certified and governmentally approved manufacturers.
However, as is well known, US Federal regulations continue to consider Cannabis a schedule 1 drug, meaning that it has no currently
accepted medical use in treatment, and thus illegal under Federal US laws. As such, the company could be deemed to be at variance
with the Federal Controlled Substances Act. 

Employees  

As of August 31, 2016, the Company had 2 employees,
one of which was our Director Eyal Ballan, who, along with our administrative assistant were given monthly salaries. We do not
presently have pension, health, annuity, insurance, stock options, profit sharing or similar benefit plans; however, we may adopt
such plans in the future. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments  

None. 

Item 2. Properties  

Our executive offices are located in Bethesda,
Maryland and are sufficient for the time being. These offices are let to us by our attorney free of charge. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings  

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more
than 5% of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material
interest adverse to the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5. Market For Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Market Information.  

We have one class of securities, Common Voting
Equity Shares ( Common Stock ). The holders of our common stock have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally
available if and when declared by our Board of Directors and are entitled to share pro-rata in all of our available assets for
distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; there are no preemptive, subscription
or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. 

Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ OTC
Bulletin Board ( OTCBB ) under the symbol  CNBX . As of November 28th, 2016, the Company s common
stock was held by 69 shareholders of record, which does not include shares that are held in street or nominee name. 

The closing share prices presented below represent
prices between broker-dealers and do not include retail mark-ups and mark-downs or any commission to the dealer. 

Shareholders  

Our shares of common stock are issued in registered
form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is ClearTrust LLC, 16540 Pointe Village Dr. Suite 210, Lutz,
FL 33558; (813) 235-4490. 

On November 28th, 2016, the shareholders'
list of our shares of common stock showed 69 registered holders of our shares of common stock and 107,221,903 shares of common
stock outstanding. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial
owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing
agencies. 

Dividend Policy  

Our board of directors may declare and pay
dividends on outstanding shares of common stock out of funds legally available there for in our sole discretion; however, to date
no dividends have been declared or paid on common stock. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers  

Nevada Corporation Law allows for the indemnification
of officers, directors, and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to indemnify such persons under certain circumstances
for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses, incurred arising under the 1933 Act. The Bylaws of the Company provide that
the Company will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law and such right to indemnification
will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company and will inure to the benefit of his or
her heirs, executors and Consultants; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the
Company will not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated
by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification
conferred will include the right to be paid by the Company the expenses (including attorney s fees) incurred in defending
any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition. 

The Company may, to the extent authorized from
time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents
of the Company similar to those conferred to directors and officers of the Company. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement
of expenses are subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act to the extent applicable. 

Furthermore, the Company may maintain insurance,
at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or another company against any expense,
liability or loss, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or
loss under the Nevada General Corporation Law. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   

During the year ended August 31, 2016, the
Company issued 3,133,332 shares to 11 people at $.03 per share for a total of $94,000. 

During the year ended August 31, 2016,
the Company issued 1,290,000 shares of its common stock to 6 consultants for services rendered at a fair value of 47,550 or
an average of $0.037 per share .  

These securities were not registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), but were issued in reliance upon the exemption from
registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

Penny Stock Regulation  

Our shares must comply with the Penny Stock
Reform Act of 1990, which may potentially decrease our shareholders  ability to easily transfer their shares. Broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in  penny stocks  are regulated. Penny stocks generally are equity securities
with a price of less than $5.00. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the
risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the
penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may
have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that must comply with the penny stock
rules. Since our shares must comply with such penny stock rules, our shareholders will in all likelihood find it more difficult
to sell their securities. 

Item 6. Selected Financial
Data  

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION SHOULD BE READ IN
CONJUNCTION WITH OUR AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE RELATED NOTES THAT APPEAR ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT. THE FOLLOWING
DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT REFLECT OUR PLANS, ESTIMATES AND BELIEFS. OUR ACTUAL RESULTS COULD DIFFER MATERIALLY
FROM THOSE DISCUSSED IN THE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS. FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE OR CONTRIBUTE TO SUCH DIFFERENCES INCLUDE THOSE
DISCUSSED BELOW AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Certain statements made in this report may
constitute  forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events . These forward-looking
statements involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements
of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   should, 
 potential,   continue,   expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans, 
 believes,   estimates,  and similar expressions. These statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations,
and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that the expectations reflected-in
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, other than as required by law. In light of these
assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, the forward-looking events discussed in this report might not occur and actual results and
events may vary significantly from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview  

The Company was incorporated in the State
of Nevada, on September 15, 2004, as Thrust Energy Corp. On May 5, 2011, the Company changed its name to American Mining Company.
Our principal offices are in Bethesda, Maryland. On May 21st, 2014 the Company changed its name to its current Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. 

The Company was originally engaged in the exploration,
development and production of oil and gas projects within North America, but was unable to operate profitably. In May 2011, the
Company suspended its oil and gas operations and changed its business to toll milling and refining and mine development. As of
April 2014, the Company has changed its course of business to Biotechnology Pharmaceutical development. As such, the Company has
divested itself of its former mining properties. 

Financing  

We will require additional financing to implement
our business plan, which may include joint venture projects and debt or equity financings. The nature of this enterprise and lack
of positive cash flow places debt financing beyond the credit-worthiness required by most banks or typical investors of corporate
debt until such time as an economically viable profits and losses can be demonstrated. Therefore any debt financing of our activities
may be costly and result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Future financing through equity investments
is likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may
be more favorable for our new investors. Newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights, and the issuance
of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have additional dilutive effects. Further, we may incur substantial costs
in pursuing future capital and financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, and other costs. We may
also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and
warrants, which will adversely impact our financial condition. 

Our ability to obtain needed financing may
be impaired by such factors as the capital markets, both generally and specifically in the bio-pharma industry, and the fact that
we have not been profitable to date, which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount of capital
we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenue from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital
needs, even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly, we may be required to cease operations. 

There is no assurance that we will be able
to obtain financing on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future financing.
If we are unable to secure additional funding, we may cease or suspend operations. We have no plans, arrangements or contingencies
in place in the event that we cease operations. 

Results of Operations  

Year ended August 31, 2016 compared to
the year ended August 31, 2015   

Revenues  

The revenues for the year ended August 31,
2016 totaled to $112,500. 

In March 2016, we received a $50,000 deposit
and in May 2016 received an additional $50,000 deposit from a potential strategic investor as an option agreement towards a final
licensing agreement for certain of its technologies. The deposits were forfeited under the terms of the agreement. 

The Company received $12,500 as IP fees. 

Operating and Other Expenses  

For the year ended August 31, 2016 our total
operating expenses were $393,177 compared to $536,500 for the year ended August 31, 2015. The decrease is attributable mainly to,
general and administrative expenses of $119,737, marketing expenses of $61,755, offset by an increase in research and development
expenditures of $38,169. The decrease in the operating expenses attributed to reduction as a result of cash storage. 

The net loss for the year ended August 31,
2016 was $307,181 compared to $541,387 for the year ended August 31, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Overview   

For the years ended August 31, 2016, as well
as August 31, 2015, we funded our operations through issuance of common stock and advances from our majority shareholder. Our principal
use of funds during the year ended August 31, 2016 has been for laboratory and clinical research relating to our proprietary materials
normative corporate operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources during
the year ended August 31, 2016 compared to the year ended August 31, 2015   

As of August 31, 2016, we had $19,127 compared
to $25,229 as of August 31,2015. The Company used cash in operations of $120,103 for the year ended August 31, 2016 compared to
cash used in operations of $179,055 for the year ended August 31, 2015. 

During the year ended August 31, 2016, the
Company received $20,000 in proceeds from a promissory note as well as $94,000 from the issuance of common stock, compared to $108,556
in the year ended August 31, 2015. 

Going Concern  

Our independent auditors included an explanatory
paragraph in their report on the accompanying consolidated financial statements regarding concerns about our ability to continue
as a going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosures describing the circumstances that lead to this
disclosure by our independent auditors. 

Our financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which assumes the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/ or
to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when
they become due. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time and raise substantial doubt that
we will be able to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amount and classification
of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

There is no assurance that our operations will
be profitable. The Company has conducted private placements of its common stock, which have generated funds to satisfy the initial
cash requirements of its planned Nevada exploration ventures. Our continued existence and plans for future growth depend on our
ability to obtain the additional capital necessary to operate either through the generation of revenue or the issuance of additional
debt or equity. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.  

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.  

REPORT OF REGISTERED
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.: 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. as of August 31, 2016
and 2015 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
an operating loss since inception. Further, as of August 31, 2016, the cash resources of the Company were insufficient to meet
its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Respectfully submitted, 

/s/ Weinberg   Baer LLC   

Weinberg   Baer LLC 

 Baltimore, Maryland 

 December 7, 2016 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements.  

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements.  

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity (Deficit)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.  

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  As of August 31, 2016  

Note 1   Nature of Business, Presentation
and Going Concern  

Organization   

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the  Company ),
was incorporated in the State of Nevada, on September 15, 2004, under the name of Thrust Energy Corp. The Company was originally
engaged in the exploration, exploitation, development and production of oil and gas projects within North America, but was unable
to operate profitably. 

In May 2011, the Company changed its name to
American Mining Corporation, suspending its oil and gas operations and changing its business to toll milling and refining, mineral
exploration and mine development. 

On April 25, 2014, the Company experienced
a change in control. Cannabics, Inc. ( Cannabics ) acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of
the Company in accordance with stock purchase agreements by and between Cannabics and Thomas Mills ( Mills ).  On
the closing date, April 25, 2014, pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Cannabics purchased from Mills 41,000,000
shares of the Company s outstanding restricted common stock for $198,000, representing 51%. 

On May 21, 2014, the Company changed its name,
via merger in the state of Nevada, to Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. The Company s principle offices are in Bethesda, Maryland.
As of May 21, 2014, the Company has changed its course of business to laboratory research and development. 

On August 25, 2014, the Company organized G.R.I.N.
Ultra Ltd. ( GRIN ), an Israeli corporation, as a wholly-owned subsidiary. GRIN will provide research and development
activities for the Company s products in Israel. 

Stock Split   

On June 3, 2014, the Company s Board
of Directors declared a two-to-one forward stock split of all outstanding shares of common stock. The stock split was approved
by FINRA on June 25, 2014. The effect of the stock split increased the number of shares of common stock outstanding from 40,880,203
to 81,760,406. All common share and per common share data in these financial statements and related notes hereto have been retroactively
adjusted to account for the effect of the stock split for all periods presented prior to June 3, 2014. The total number of authorized
common shares and the par value thereof was not changed by the split. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  

Going Concern   

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business. The Company has incurred a net loss of $307,181 for the year ended August 31, 2016 and has incurred
cumulative losses since inception of $1,586,319. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern. 

The Company s continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to generate revenues, its ability to continue to raise investment capital, and implementing
its business plan. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. 

Note 1   Nature of Business, Presentation
and Going Concern (Continued)  

Going Concern (Continued)   

These financial statements do not include any
adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Management believes that actions presently
being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity for the Company to continue
as a going concern. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. 

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Functional currency   

The currency of the primary economic environment
in which the operations of the Company and its Subsidiary are conducted is the U.S. dollar ( $  or  dollar ).
Therefore, the functional currency of the Company and its Subsidiary is the dollar. 

Transactions and balances denominated in dollars
are presented at their original amounts. Non-dollar transactions and balances have been re-measured to dollars in accordance with
the provisions of ASC 830-10 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standard 52),  Foreign Currency Translation .
All transaction gains and losses from re-measurement of monetary balance sheet items denominated in non-dollar currencies are reflected
in the statement of operations as financial income or expenses, as appropriate. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates in the accompanying financial statements include the amortization period
for intangible assets, impairment valuation of intangible assets, valuation of share-based payments and the valuation allowance
on deferred tax assets. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Cannabics Pharmaceutical Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, G.R.I.N. Ultra Ltd. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid temporary
cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At August 31, 2016 and 2015, cash equivalents
consisted of bank accounts held at financial institutions. 

Concentration of Credit Risk   

The Company places its cash and cash equivalents
with high credit quality financial institutions. There is Federal Deposit Insurance on the Company s U.S. bank accounts. 

Equipment, net   

Equipment at August 31, 2016 consists of computer
equipment and is recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are
charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed by the straight-line method (after taking
into account their respective estimated residual values) over the assets estimated useful lives of 3 years. Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Depreciation expense was $1,577 and $1,304
for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

Revenue recognition   

Revenue is recognized when delivery has occurred, evidence of an
arrangement exists, title and risks and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer, collection is reasonably assured
and product returns can be reliably estimated. 

Revenue from license agreements is recognized over the periods from
which the Company is entitled to the respective payments. 

The Company s revenues are concentrated in a small number
of customers. For the year ended August 31, 2016 the revenues were for license fees or forfeited deposits on license agreements. 

Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets   

The Company accounts for the impairment or
disposal of long-lived assets according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) 360  Property, Plant and Equipment . ASC 360 clarifies the accounting for the impairment
of long-lived assets and for long-lived assets to be disposed of, including the disposal of business segments and major lines of
business. Long-lived assets are reviewed when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be
recoverable. When necessary, impaired assets are written down to estimated fair value based on the best information available.
Estimated fair value is generally based on either appraised value or measured by discounting estimated future cash flows. Considerable
management judgment is necessary to estimate discounted future cash flows. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly
from such estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The following provides an analysis of financial
instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to
which fair value is observable: 

Level 1 - fair value measurements are those
derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 - fair value measurements are those
derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and 

Level 3 - fair value measurements are those
derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable
inputs). 

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of August 31, 2016 and 2015. The respective
carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of
these instruments. 

Derivative liabilities fair values were based
on level 1. 

The Company applied ASC 820 for all non-financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The adoption of ASC 820 for non-financial assets and liabilities
did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

As of August 31, 2016 and 2015 the fair values
of the Company s financial instruments approximate their historical carrying amount. 

Research and development, net  

Research and development expenses include costs directly attributable
to the conduct of research and development programs, including the cost of salaries, employee benefits, the cost of supplies, the
cost of services provided by outside contractors, including services related to the Company s clinical trials, clinical trial
expenses and the full cost of manufacturing product for use in research and preclinical development. All costs associated with
research and development are expensed as incurred. 

Clinical trial costs are a significant component of research and
development expenses and include costs associated with third-party contractors. The Company outsources a substantial portion of
its clinical trial activities, utilizing external entities such as Contract Research Organizations, independent clinical investigators,
and other third-party service providers to assist the Company with the execution of its clinical studies. For each clinical trial
that the Company conducts, clinical trial costs are expensed immediately. 

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

Stock Based Compensation   

The Company accounts for Stock-Based Compensation
under ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation , which addresses the accounting for transactions in which an
entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, with a primary focus on transactions in which an entity obtains
employee services in share-based payment transactions. ASC 718-10 requires measurement of the cost of employee services received
in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Incremental compensation costs
arising from subsequent modifications of awards after the grant date must be recognized. 

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
awards to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. Under ASC 505-50, the Company determines
the fair value of the warrants or stock-based compensation awards granted as either the fair value of the consideration received
or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. Any stock options or warrants issued
to non-employees are recorded in expense and additional paid-in capital in shareholders' deficit over the applicable service periods
using variable accounting through the vesting dates based on the fair value of the options or warrants at the end of each period. 

The Company issues stock to consultants for
various services. The costs for these transactions are measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value
of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of the common stock is measured at the earlier
of (i) the date at which a firm commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached or (ii)
the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete. The Company recognized consulting expense and a corresponding increase
to additional paid-in-capital related to stock issued for services. 

Income Taxes   

Income taxes are accounted for under the liability
method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, future tax liabilities and assets are recognized for the estimated
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the amounts reported in the financial statement carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Future tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted or substantially
enacted income tax rates expected to apply when the asset is realized or the liability settled. The effect of a change in income
tax rates on future income tax liabilities and assets is recognized in income in the period that the change occurs. Future income
tax assets are recognized to the extent that they are considered more likely than not to be realized. 

The FASB has issued ASC 740  Income
Taxes . ASC 740 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements.
This standard requires a company to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination
based upon the technical merits of the position. 

If the more-likely-than-not threshold is met,
a company must measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the financial statements. 

As a result of the implementation of this standard,
the Company performed a review of its material tax positions in accordance with recognition and measurement standards established
by ASC 740 and concluded that the tax position of the Company has not met the more-likely-than-not threshold as of August 31, 2016. 

Comprehensive Income   

The Company adopted ASC 220,  Comprehensive
Income  which establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances.
The Company is disclosing this information on its Statement of Stockholders' Equity. Comprehensive income comprises equity except
those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. The Company has no elements of  other comprehensive
income  for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued)  

Basic and Diluted Loss per Share   

The Company computes income (loss) per share
in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share , which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per
share ( EPS ) on the face of the statement of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing income (loss) available
to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all
dilutive potential shares of common stock outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred
stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the
number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential
shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. As of August 31, 2016 and 2015, the potentially dilutive shares were anti-dilutive. 

Segment Information   

In accordance with the provisions of ASC 280-10,
 Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information , the Company is required to report financial
and descriptive information about its reportable operating segments. The Company does not consider itself to have any operating
segments as of August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Reclassification   

Certain amounts in the prior period financial
statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

Note 3   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In February 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic
810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , which provides guidance in evaluating entities for inclusion in consolidations.
ASU 2015-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company does not believe the adoption of ASU 2015-02
will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-10 ( ASU 2014-10 ),  Development Stage Entities (Topic 915), Elimination of Certain
Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation. 
The objective of the amendments in this Update is to improve financial reporting by reducing the cost and complexity associated
with incremental reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments in this Update also eliminate an exception
provided to development stage entities in Topic 810, Consolidation, for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity
on the basis of the amount of investment equity at risk. The amendments related to the elimination of inception-to-date information
and the other remaining disclosure requirements of Topic 915 should be applied retrospectively except for the clarification to
Topic 275, which shall be applied prospectively.  These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein. 

The amendment eliminating the exception to
the sufficiency-of-equity-at-risk criterion for development stage entities in paragraph 810-10-15-16 should be applied retrospectively
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods therein. Early application of each of the amendments
is permitted for any annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity s financial statements have not yet been
issued. The Company has adopted ASU 2014-10 in the fourth quarter of 2014 and does not expect this adoption to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern.  The objective of the amendments in this Update is to provide guidance on determining when and
how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform
interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial
statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if  conditions or events raise substantial doubt about
the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.  The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods
ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact
of ASU 2014-15 on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Note 3   Recent Accounting Pronouncements
(continued)  

In September 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-16 (ASU 2015-16)  Simplifying the Accounting
for Measurement Period Adjustments . ASU 2015-16 require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that
are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments
in ASU 2015-16 require that the acquirer record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes
in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated
as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The amendments in ASU 2015-16 require an entity to present separately
on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line
item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized
as of the acquisition date. For public business entities, the amendments in ASU 2015-16 are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in ASU 2015-16 should be applied prospectively
to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of this update with earlier application permitted for
financial statements that have not been issued. For all other entities, the amendments in ASU 2015-16 are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments
in ASU 2015-16 should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of this
update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not yet been made available for issuance. 

Note 4   Intangible Assets  

On July 24, 2014, the Company executed a Collaboration
  Exclusivity Agreement with Cannabics, Inc. ( Cannabics ), a Delaware corporation and largest shareholder of the
Company. Per the terms of the Agreement, the Company has issued 18,239,594 shares of its common stock to acquire the entire institutional
knowledge of Cannabics, Inc., which primarily consists of the human Brain Trust in its team of experts, the cumulative result of
their years of scientific knowledge in the fields of Molecular Biology, Cancer and Pharmacology research. Additionally Cannabics
tendered $150,000 to the Company specifically earmarked as working funds towards prospective short-term projects of the Company. 

Since that time, Management has determined
that fair value measurement is not allowable where there are entities under common control and cost should be used based on the
carrying book value of the seller s intangible. The only value ascribed to this transaction was the cash received for the
transfer of the additional shares to the controlling parent company. 

Note 5   Related Party Transactions  

On October 7, 2015, the Company executed an
Intellectual Property   Subsidiary Assignment and an Assignment   Assumption of Debt   Liabilities Agreement with Cannabics,
Inc., a Delaware Corporation, related party, and majority holder of the Issuer. Said Agreements were executed as part of a restructuring
of the Company, whereby the Research and Development components were at that time made separate from the Issuer s continuing
business operations. 

On February 22, 2016, the Company and Cannabics Inc., a Delaware
Corporation, related party, and majority holder of the Issuer did execute a Rescission Agreement, wholly rescinding the previous
Agreements noted supra. As such, all Intellectual Property, provisional patents, assigned Debts and the Company s Subsidiary
 Grin Ultra Ltd.  has been reincorporated as part of the company. 

During the year ended August 31, 2016 and August
31 2015, the Company paid a total of $38,833 and $24,500, respectively, consulting fees and salary to one of its directors. 

Cannabics Inc. (the parent company) balance
at August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $224,483. The advance is due on demand and bears no interest. 

As of August 31, 2016, an officer and director
of the Company owes the Company $1,849.  

Note 6   Commitments and Contingencies  

The Company signed an agreement with
the  Technion Research and Development Foundation  on February 15, 2015 for $130,000 to perform  research and
development for  advanced cannabinoid based therapies. By the fiscal year end of 2016 the company has paid a total $65,000
and additional $10,000 in September 2016, and the full balance in November, 2016, with no balance remaining. 

As security for its obligation under a lease agreement the Company s
subsidiary provided a bank guarantee in the amount of $5,000. 

Note 7   Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)  

Authorized Shares   

The Company is authorized to issue up to 900,000,000
shares of common stock par value $0.0001 per share. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote per
share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative, with no
pre-emptive rights. The Company s initial Articled authorized 5,000,000 preferred shares at .0001 par value, no other attributes
have been assigned and no such shares have ever been issued. 

Common Stock   

During the year ended August 31, 2015, the Company issued
713,333 shares of its common stock to 2 investors for cash of $128,333, or an average of $0.18 per share. 313,333 shares were issued
to one investor in September and November 2014 and 400,000 were issued to the second investor in August 2015. This 400,000 issuance
included 1.6 million warrants. 

During the year ended August 31, 2015, the Company issued 540,000
shares of its common stock to 8 consultants for services rendered at a fair value of $83,123, or an average of $0.16 per share. 

During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company issued 3,133,332
shares to 11 people at $.03 per share for a total of $94,000. 

During the year ended August 31, 2016,
the Company issued 1,290,000 shares of its common stock to 6 consultants for services rendered at a fair value of $47,550 or
an average of $0.037 per share. These service fees were accounted for as costs of investments. 

In May 2016 the Company issued 1,100,000 Shares in full conversion
of a Promissory Note due to a Holder which converted at $0.02 per share per the terms of the Note. 

In August 2016 the Company issued 195,238 shares to a previous investor
per the terms of his original investment with the Company. The shares are issued as part of the  Ratchet Clause  of
the Subscription Agreement. The amount of shares is derived by looking backwards at the 20 day VWAP on the 9 month anniversary
of initial funding. 

Note 8   Warrants  

As part of the Company's private placements and equity sales the
Company issued warrants, as follows: 

1.  In August 2015, the Company issued 1,600,000 non-transferable Common Stock warrants to an investor. Each Common Stock warrant
can be exercised into one share at an exercise price of $0.20 per warrant and is exercisable until August 10, 2016 issuance price.
The fair value of the warrants are estimated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:   

Note 8   Warrants (continued)  

2.  In February 2016, the Company issued 11,974,333 non-transferable Common Stock warrants to investors as part of their Subscription
rights. Each Common Stock warrant can be exercised into one share at an exercise price of $0.03 per warrant, and are exercisable
until various dates between August 2016 and February 2018. The fair value of the warrants are estimated using the Black Scholes
option-pricing model with the following assumptions:   

The following table presents the warrant activity
for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Note 9   Income Taxes  

Taxes on income included in the consolidated
statements of operations represent current taxes due to taxable income of the Company and its Subsidiary. 

Corporate taxation in the U.S.  

The applicable corporate tax rate for the Company
is 34%. 

No provision for income tax was made for the
period from September 15, 2004 (Inception) to August 31, 2016 as the Company had cumulative operating losses. For the years ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred net losses for tax purposes of approximately $162,000 and $412,000, respectively.
Under U.S. tax laws, subject to certain limitations, carry forward tax losses expire 20 years after the year in which incurred.
In the case of the Company, subject to potential limitations in accordance with the relevant law, the net loss carry forward will
expire in the years 2032 through 2036. 

Note 9   Income Taxes (continued)  

Corporate taxation in Israel:  

The Subsidiary is taxed in accordance with
Israeli tax laws. The corporate tax rate applicable to 2016 and 2015 is 25% and 26.5% respectively. 

In January 2016, the Law for the
Amendment of the Income Tax Ordinance (No. 216) was published, enacting a reduction of corporate tax rate beginning in 2016
and thereafter, from 26.5% to 25%. There is no impact on the financial statements of the Company as a result of the changes
in the Israeli corporate tax rate as the Subsidiary is in a loss position for tax purposes. 

As of August 31, 2016, the Subsidiary has an accumulated tax
loss carry forward of approximately $274,000 (as of August 31, 2015, approximately $130,000). Under the Israeli tax laws,
carry forward tax losses have no expiration date. 

The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed
by applying the United States Statutory corporate income tax rate as follows: 

Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effect
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
used for tax purposes. The components of the net deferred income tax assets are approximately as follows: 

Note 9   Income Taxes (continued)  

The amount taken into income as deferred income
tax assets must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more likely than not to be realized from future
operations. The Company has established a full valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets because of a lack of sufficient
positive evidence to support its realization. The valuation allowance increased by $81,908 and $183,940 for the years ended August
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

No provision for income taxes has been provided
in these financial statements due to the net loss for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. At August 31, 2016, the Company
has net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $1,586,319 which expire commencing 2032. The potential tax benefit of these
losses may be limited due to certain change in ownership provisions under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code ( IRS )
and similar state provisions. 

IRS Section 382 places limitations (the  Section
382 Limitation ) on the amount of taxable income which can be offset by net operating loss carry forwards after a change
in control (generally greater than 50% change in ownership) of a loss corporation. Generally, after a change in control, a loss
corporation cannot deduct operating loss carry forwards in excess of the Section 382 Limitation. Due to these  change in
ownership  provisions, utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards may be subject to an annual limitation
regarding their utilization against taxable income in future periods. The Company has not concluded its analysis of Section 382
through August 31, 2016, but believes the provisions will not limit the availability of losses to offset future income. 

The Company is subject to income taxes in
the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination for a period of three years for current filings and indefinitely for
any delinquent filings. The tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to interpretation of related tax laws and regulations
and require significant judgment to apply. The Company estimates that the amount of penalties, if any, will not have a material
effect on the results of operations, cash flows or financial position. No provisions have been made in the financial statements
for such penalties, if any. 

Note 10   Subsequent Events  

On September 20 th , 2016, the Company
received $11,000- in the form of a Promissory Note. The terms of the Note are without interest and if not repaid prior to January
1 st , 2017, is convertible at a 50% discount to the then market price of the company s common stock. 

The Company has evaluated subsequent events
through the date the financial statements were issued and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has determined
that there are no other such events that warrant disclosure or recognition in the financial statements. 

Note 11     Financial expenses  

Item 12. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

Item 12a. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

In connection with the preparation of this
Annual Report, an evaluation was carried out by Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. s management, with the participation of the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act )) as of August
31, 2016. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC
rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Based on that evaluation, the Company s
management concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets;   

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors; and   

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

The Company s management conducted an
assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016, based on
criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ). As a result of this assessment, management identified material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The material weaknesses identified are described
below. 

Procedures for Control Evaluation.  
Management has not established with appropriate rigor the procedures for evaluating internal controls over financial reporting.
Due to limited resources and lack of segregation of duties, documentation of the limited control structure has not been accomplished. 

Lack of Audit Committee.   To date,
the Company has not established an Audit Committee. It is management s view that such a committee, including a financial
expert, is an utmost important entity level control over the financial reporting process. 

Insufficient Documentation of Review
Procedures   We employ policies and procedures for reconciliation of the financial statements and note disclosures, however,
these processes are not appropriately documented. The Company has only one individual responsible for the preparation of the financial
records. 

Insufficient Information Technology Procedures.  
Management has not established methodical and consistent data back-up procedures to ensure loss of data will not occur. 

As a result of the material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting described above, the Company s management has concluded that, as of August 31, 2016, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control   Integrated
Framework issued by COSO. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. We were not required
to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report
in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

As of the end of the period covered by this
report, there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act)
during the year ended August 31, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. 

PART III  

Item 13. Directors, Executive
Officers, Promoters and Control Persons; Compliance With Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act  

The following individuals serves as Directors
and Executive Officers of the Company as of the date of this Annual Report. Directors of the Company hold office until the next
annual meeting of our shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Executive officers of the Company
are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 

Dr. Eyal Ballan, 42,
is a co-founder of Cannabics Inc. and is its CTO. Dr. Ballan holds a Ph.D. in Neurophysiology, EEG, Brain Wave Analysis and Cortical
Connectivity. After obtaining his Ph.D. he was an entrepreneur in the field of Biofeedback Studies and developed a Resonating Neuro-Feedback
system. Dr. Ballan holds a M.Sc. from Tel-Aviv University - Magna Cum Laude - in anticancer drug development. Dr. Ballan was
part of the renowned research team which developed Salirasib (Treatment for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer).  He is an expert
in molecular biology, cell cultures and genomics with a focus towards identification of anticancer compounds and delivery systems
to tumors and a member of the American Neurology Association. 

Itamar Borochov, 57, is a co-founder of Cannabics
Inc. and is its Chief Marketing Officer. Mr. Borochov is a known environmentalist with experience as an entrepreneur in the fields
of organic agricultural and medical botanicals and brings vast expertise in the areas of market intelligence and organizational
branding. 

Uri Ben-Or, 46 CPA, MBA - CFO, has More than
15 years of experience as CFO of public and private companies in the life science and Medical Device Industry. Uri has significant
expertise in public Life Science companies traded on the TASE and serve as the acting CFO of some of In addition Uri has strong
finance, operation, and business development background in both startups and public global companies in the US, Europe, and Israel
including developing strategic policy and guidance with respect to corporate structure and fundraising 

All directors serve for terms of one year each,
and are subject to re-election at Annual Meeting of Shareholders, unless they earlier resign. 

There are no material proceedings to which
any of our directors, officers or affiliates, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of our
voting securities, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate, or security holder is a party adverse to us or any
of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries. 

We have attempted and will continue to attempt
to insure that any transactions between we and our officers, directors, principal shareholders, or other affiliates have been and
will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties on an arm s length basis. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

Except as noted herein or below, during the
last ten (10) years none of our directors or officers have: 

(1) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or
against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within
two years prior to that time; 

(2) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or subject to a pending criminal proceeding; 

(3) been subject to any order, judgment, or
decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining,
barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 

(4) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action, the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or
commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

All of these filing requirements were satisfied
by the Company s officers, directors, and ten-percent holders. 

In making these statements, we have relied
on the written representation of our Directors and Officers or copies of the reports that they have filed with the Commission. 

Committees of the Board  

All proceedings of the board of directors for
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by our board of directors and filed
with the minutes of the proceedings of our board of directors. Our company currently does not have nominating, compensation or
audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating, compensation or audit
committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes that
the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors. 

The Company does not have any defined policy
or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The Company s board of
directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance
until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. The Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria
for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such
nominees. The board of directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with
the Company s board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to any of our Directors at the address
appearing on the first page of this registration statement. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert  

We do not have a standing audit committee.
Our directors perform the functions usually designated to an audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that we do
not have a board member that qualifies as an  audit committee financial expert  as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K, nor do we have a board member that qualifies as  independent  as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule
14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the NASD Rules. 

We believe that our board of directors is capable
of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting.
Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because management believes that the functions
of an audit committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent
director who would qualify as an  audit committee financial expert  would be overly costly and burdensome and is not
warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development and the fact that we have not generated positive cash flow to
date. 

As we generate revenue in the future, we intend
to form a standing audit committee and identify and appoint a financial expert to serve on our audit committee. 

Code of Ethics  

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for
Senior Financial Officers that is applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. 

Indemnification  

Under our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding, including a law suit, because
of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. We may advance expenses
incurred in defending a proceeding. To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in a proceeding as to
which he is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney's fees. With respect to
a derivative action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding, and
if the officer or director is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent
permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 

Regarding indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933, which may be permitted to directors or officers under Nevada law, we have been advised that,
in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in the Act and
is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Item 14. Executive Compensation  

We have begun to pay monthly salaries to one
of our Directors and Counsel as of August, 2015. For the current year ending August 31, 2016, only one Director received a yearly
payment of $38,833 for FY 2016. We have no employment agreements with any of our officers. We do not contemplate entering into
any employment agreements until such time as we have positive and stable cash flows. 

There are no stock option plans, retirement,
pension, or profit sharing plans for the benefit of our officers or directors. We do not have any long-term incentive plans that
provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth, as of November
28 th , 2016, information concerning ownership of our securities by (i) each director, (ii) each executive officer, (iii)
all directors and executive officers as a group; and (iv) each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five
percent of each class: 

The number and percentage of shares beneficially
owned includes any shares as to which the named person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and any shares that
the named person has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

*Our 2 Directors Dr. Eyal Ballan and Itamar
Borochov are also Directors of Cannabics, Inc. The mailing address for all directors, executive officers and beneficial owners
of more than 5% of our common stock is #3 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 700, Bethesda, Maryland, 20814. 

*The Directors of the Company hold positions
in Cannabics, Inc., the majority holder. The relative positions of Cannabics, Inc. are listed below: 

Unless otherwise noted, we believe that all
persons or entities named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. For purposes hereof, a person is considered to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such
person within 60 days from the date hereof. 

Item 15. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence  

On June 24, 2013, the Company sold 40,000,000
shares of its common stock for $100,000 through a private placement to Ophion Management Ltd., a Canadian corporation controlled
by Thomas Mills, who is also the controlling shareholder of the Company. On June 28, 2013, the private placement was rescinded
by agreement and a promissory note for the principal amount of $100,000 (the  Promissory Note ) was issued by the Company
to Ophion Management Ltd. The Promissory Note was due on demand and accrued simple interest at the rate of 20% per year from June
20, 2013. The Promissory Note was assigned to Mr. Mills on October 7, 2014. 

On October 24, 2013, the Company entered into
a debt restructuring agreement with Mr. Mills, whereby he agreed to surrender the Promissory Note for cancellation. In exchange
for the Promissory Note, the Company agreed to issue a convertible promissory note with a fixed maturity date of December 31, 2018
(the  Convertible Note ). The Convertible Note, accrues simple interest at the rate of 20% per annum from June 20,
2013, and is convertible at any time by the holder of the Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common stock at the
rate of one share for each $0.005 of indebtedness secured by the convertible note. 

On October 28, 2013, the Promissory Note was
cancelled and the Convertible Note was issued. 

On November 20, 2013, the Convertible Note
was rescinded by mutual agreement and the Company accepted a subscription from Mr. Mills for 40,000,000 shares of its common stock
at a price of $0.0025 per share in full consideration of the $100,000 he advanced to the Company on June 20, 2013. 

No other material related party transactions
between the Company and its officers, directors or control persons occurred during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Item 16. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

Audit Fees  

The aggregate fees billed by Weinberg  
Baer for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were $13,500 and $7,500, respectively. 

Audit Related Fees  

For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2015,
the aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by Fruci   Associates II, PLLC relating to our quarterly financial
statements which are not reported under the caption  Audit Fees  above, were $20,636. 

Tax Fees  

For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016
and 2015, the Company paid fees of $1,000 for tax compliance. 

All Other Fees  

For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016
and 2015, the Company did not pay any other fees. 

Effective May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange
Commission adopted rules that require that before Weinberg and Bear is engaged by us or our subsidiaries to render any auditing
or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: 

approved by our audit committee; or   

entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee's responsibilities to management.   

We do not have an audit committee. Our Board
of Directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and
approved by our Board of Directors either before the respective services were rendered. 

PART IV  

Item 17. Exhibits  

Exhibit 3.1   
      Amended Articles of Incorporation, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc., Incorporated by reference   

Exhibit 3.2   
      Bylaws of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated by reference.   

Exhibit 3.3   
      Subsidiary   G.R.I.N. Ultra Ltd   Board Resolution Authorizing Creation, Incorporated by reference.   

Exhibit 3.4   
      Subsidiary   G.R.I.N. Ultra Ltd   Official Companies Listing (Israel) Incorporated by reference.   

Exhibit 3.5   
     
         Material Contract   Collaboration
  Exclusivity Agreement with Cannabics, Inc., incorporated by reference from Form 8K filed July 25th, 2014.   

Exhibit 3.6   
      Intellectual Property
  Subsidiary Assignment of October 7th, 2015, Incorporated by reference from form 8K of October 8th, 2015.   

Exhibit 3.7   
      Assignment  
Assumption of Debt   Liabilities Agreement of October 7th, 2015, Incorporated by reference from form 8K of October 8th, 2015.   

Exhibit 3.8   
      Debt Cancellation
Agreement of October 7th, 2015, Incorporated by reference from form 8K of October 8th, 2015.   

Exhibit 3.9   
      IP Licensing Agreement
with The CIMA Group LLC, December 17th, 2015.   

Exhibit 31.1   
      Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). *   

Exhibit 31.2   
      Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). *   

Exhibit 32.1   
      Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *   

Exhibit 32.2   
      Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *   

101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document *   

101.SCH  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document *   

101.CAL  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document *   

101.DEF  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document *   

101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document *   

101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document *   

*  
      Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: December 13, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Itamar Borochov    

Itamar Borochov, Director  
         Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Dr. Eyal Ballan    

Dr. Eyal Ballan, Director, 
         Chief Technical Officer   

/s/ Uri Ben-Or    

Uri Ben-Or, Chief Financial Officer 
         Principal Accounting Officer 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cannabics_10k-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Itamar Borochov, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Form 10-K of CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   

4.  
      I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 13, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Itamar Borochov    

Itamar Borochov 
         Director, Chief Executive Officer   

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cannabics_10k-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Uri Ben-Or, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Form 10-K of CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   

4.  
      I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 13, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Uri Ben-Or    

Uri Ben-Or 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         Principal Accounting Officer   

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cannabics_10k-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this Annual Report of CANNABICS
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Itamar Borochov, Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

2.  
      The
information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2016, fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: December 13, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Itamar Borochov    

Itamar Borochov 
         Director, Chief Executive Officer   

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cannabics_10k-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this Annual Report of CANNABICS
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Uri Ben-Or, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer) of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

2.  
      The
information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2016, fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: December 13, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Uri Ben-Or    

Uri Ben-Or 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         Principal Accounting Officer   

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cnbx-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cnbx-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cnbx-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cnbx-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cnbx-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cnbx-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

