<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_1483096_0001483096-16-000033_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9796532</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>588560</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>927262</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3382339</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3592433</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1086498</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>114</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001483096-16-000033.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031172216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001483096-16-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001483096
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				800534394
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34831
		FILM NUMBER:		161962559

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WILLIAMS CENTER
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74172
		BUSINESS PHONE:		918-573-0454

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WILLIAMS CENTER
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74172

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACCESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120724

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHESAPEAKE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110225

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001483096-16-000033.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 wpz_20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
     (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  or 

For the transition period from _____________ to ____________  _ 
  Commission file number 1-34831 
    
               WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (918) 573-2000 
  NO CHANGE 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes         No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes         No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer     
      
    Accelerated filer     
      
    Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company     

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No     
  The registrant had   595,916,792   common units and   16,314,835   Class B units outstanding as of   October 27, 2016  . 

Williams Partners L.P. 
  Index 
    
                    Part I. Financial Information  
      
    Page 
       Item 1. Financial Statements  

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      
    6 
       Consolidated Balance Sheet   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
      
    7 
       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
      
    8 
       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      
    9 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    10 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    29 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      
    56 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
      
    57 
       Part II. Other Information  
      
    57 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
      
    57 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
      
    58 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
    58 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
      
    59 

The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Williams Partners L.P. (WPZ) may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Such statements are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). These forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management s plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, outcome of regulatory proceedings, market conditions and other matters.  
    
  All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will exist or may occur in the future, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by various forms of words such as  anticipates,   believes,   seeks,   could,   may,   should,   continues,   estimates,   expects,   forecasts,   intends,   might,   goals,   objectives,   targets,   planned,   potential,   projects,   scheduled,   will,   assumes,   guidance,   outlook,   in service date  or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management and include, among others, statements regarding:  

Expected levels of cash distributions with respect to general partner interests, incentive distribution rights and limited partner interests; 

Our and our affiliates  future credit ratings; 

Amounts and nature of future capital expenditures; 

Expansion of our business and operations; 

Financial condition and liquidity; 
     
   1 

Business strategy; 

Cash flow from operations or results of operations; 

Seasonality of certain business components; 

Natural gas, natural gas liquids, and olefins prices, supply, and demand;  

Demand for our services. 
       
  Forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions, uncertainties and risks that could cause future events or results to be materially different from those stated or implied in this report. Many of the factors that will determine these results are beyond our ability to control or predict. Specific factors that could cause actual results to differ from results contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 

Whether we have sufficient cash from operations to enable us to pay current and expected levels of cash distributions, if any, following the establishment of cash reserves and payment of fees and expenses, including payments to our general partner; 

Whether we will be able to effectively execute our financing plan including the receipt of anticipated levels of proceeds from planned asset sales; 

Availability of supplies, including lower than anticipated volumes from third parties served by our midstream business, and market demand; 

Volatility of pricing including the effect of lower than anticipated energy commodity prices and margins; 

Inflation, interest rates, fluctuation in foreign exchange rates and general economic conditions (including future disruptions and volatility in the global credit markets and the impact of these events on customers and suppliers); 

The strength and financial resources of our competitors and the effects of competition; 

Whether we are able to successfully identify, evaluate and timely execute our capital projects and other investment opportunities in accordance with our forecasted capital expenditures budget; 

Our ability to successfully expand our facilities and operations; 

Development of alternative energy sources; 

Availability of adequate insurance coverage and the impact of operational and developmental hazards and unforeseen interruptions; 

The impact of existing and future laws, regulations, the regulatory environment, environmental liabilities, and  litigation as well as our ability to obtain permits, and achieve favorable rate proceeding outcomes; 

Williams  costs and funding obligations for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans; 

2 

Our allocated costs for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans sponsored by our affiliates; 

Changes in maintenance and construction costs; 

Changes in the current geopolitical situation; 

Our exposure to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties; 

Risks related to financing, including restrictions stemming from debt agreements, future changes in credit ratings as determined by nationally-recognized credit rating agencies and the availability and cost of capital; 

The amount of cash distributions from and capital requirements of our investments and joint ventures in which we participate; 

Risks associated with weather and natural phenomena, including climate conditions and physical damage to our facilities; 

Acts of terrorism, including cybersecurity threats and related disruptions; 

Additional risks described in our filings with the SEC. 
       
  Given the uncertainties and risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligations to and do not intend to update the above list or announce publicly the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. 
    
  In addition to causing our actual results to differ, the factors listed above and referred to below may cause our intentions to change from those statements of intention set forth in this report. Such changes in our intentions may also cause our results to differ. We may change our intentions, at any time and without notice, based upon changes in such factors, our assumptions, or otherwise. 
    
  Limited partner units are inherently different from the capital stock of a corporation, although many of the business risks to which we are subject are similar to those that would be faced by a corporation engaged in a similar business. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below in addition to the other information in this report. If any of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In that case, we might not be able to pay distributions on our common units, the trading price of our common units could decline, and unitholders could lose all or part of their investment.   
    
  Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, we caution that there are important factors, in addition to those listed above, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.  For a detailed discussion of those factors, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016 and in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

3 

DEFINITIONS 
  The following is a listing of certain abbreviations, acronyms, and other industry terminology used throughout this Form 10-Q.   
  Measurements  : 
  Barrel  :  One barrel of petroleum products that equals 42 U.S. gallons 
  Bcf   :  One billion cubic feet of natural gas 
  Bcf/d  :  One billion cubic feet of natural gas per day 
  British Thermal Unit (Btu)  :  A unit of energy needed to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree 
  Fahrenheit 
  Dekatherms (Dth)  :  A unit of energy equal to one million British thermal units 
  Mbbls/d  :  One thousand barrels per day 
  Mdth/d  :  One thousand dekatherms per day 
  MMcf/d  :  One million cubic feet per day 
  MMdth  :  One million dekatherms or approximately one trillion British thermal units 
  MMdth/d  :  One million dekatherms per day 
  Tbtu  :  One trillion British thermal units 
  Consolidated Entities  : 
  ACMP  :      Access Midstream Partners, L.P. prior to its merger with Pre-merger WPZ 
  Cardinal:    Cardinal Gas Services, L.L.C. 
  Constitution:    Constitution Pipeline Company, LLC 
  Gulfstar One:    Gulfstar One LLC     
  Jackalope:    Jackalope Gas Gathering Services, L.L.C.          
  Northwest Pipeline:    Northwest Pipeline, LLC 
  Pre-merger WPZ  :      Williams Partners L.P. prior to its merger with ACMP 
  Transco:    Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
  Partially Owned Entities  :  Entities in which     we do not own a 100 percent ownership interest and which, as of   September 30, 2016  , we account for as an equity-method investment, including principally the following:     
  Aux Sable:    Aux Sable Liquid Products LP 
  Caiman II:    Caiman Energy II, LLC 
  Discovery:    Discovery Producer Services LLC 
  Gulfstream:    Gulfstream Natural Gas System, L.L.C. 
  Laurel Mountain:    Laurel Mountain Midstream, LLC 
  OPPL:    Overland Pass Pipeline Company LLC 
  UEOM:    Utica East Ohio Midstream LLC 
  Government and Regulatory  :     
  EPA:    Environmental Protection Agency 
  FERC:    Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
  SEC:    Securities and Exchange Commission 
  
   4 

Other:  
  Williams:   The Williams Companies, Inc. and, unless the context otherwise indicates, its subsidiaries (other than Williams Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries) 
  DRIP:   Distribution Reinvestment Program 
  Energy Transfer or ETE:   Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. 
  ETC:   Energy Transfer Corp LP 
  Merger Agreement  : Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger of Williams with Energy Transfer and certain of its affiliates 
  ETC Merger:   Merger wherein Williams was to be merged into ETC    
  GAAP:    U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
  Fractionation:    The process by which a mixed stream of natural gas liquids is separated into constituent products, such as ethane, propane, and butane 
  IDR:    Incentive distribution right               
  NGLs:    Natural gas liquids; natural gas liquids result from natural gas processing and crude oil refining and are 
  used as petrochemical feedstocks, heating fuels, and gasoline additives, among other applications 
  NGL margins  :      NGL revenues less any applicable Btu replacement cost, plant fuel, and third-party transportation and fractionation 

5 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Williams Partners L.P. 
  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)    
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   6 

Williams Partners L.P. 
  Consolidated Balance Sheet    
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   7 

Williams Partners L.P. 
  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity    
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

8 

Williams Partners L.P. 
  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   9 

Williams Partners L.P. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

Note 1   General, Description of Business, and Basis of Presentation 
  General 
  Our accompanying interim consolidated financial statements do not include all the notes in our annual financial statements and, therefore, should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, in Exhibit 99.1 of our Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016. The accompanying unaudited financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments and others that, in the opinion of management, are necessary to present fairly our interim financial statements. 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, references in this report to  we,   our,   us,  or like terms refer to Williams Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, references to  we,   our,  and  us  include the operations in which we own interests accounted for as equity-method investments that are not consolidated in our financial statements. When we refer to our equity investees by name, we are referring exclusively to their businesses and operations. 
  We are a Delaware limited partnership whose common units are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange. WPZ GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company wholly owned by The Williams Companies, Inc. (Williams), serves as our general partner. As of   September 30, 2016  , Williams owns an approximate   58 percent   limited partner interest, a   2 percent   general partner interest, and incentive distribution rights (IDRs) in us. 
  WPZ Public Unit Exchange 
  On May 12, 2015, we entered into an agreement for a unit-for-stock transaction whereby Williams would have acquired all of our publicly held outstanding common units in exchange for shares of Williams  common stock (WPZ Public Unit Exchange). 
  On September 28, 2015, we entered into a Termination Agreement and Release (Termination Agreement), terminating the WPZ Public Unit Exchange. Under the terms of the Termination Agreement, Williams was required to pay us a   $428 million   termination fee, which settled through a reduction of quarterly incentive distributions payable to Williams (such reduction not to exceed   $209 million   per quarter). Our November 2015, February 2016, and May 2016 distributions to Williams were reduced by   $209 million  ,   $209 million  , and   $10 million  , respectively, related to this termination fee. 
  Williams  Merger Agreement with Energy Transfer 
  On September 28, 2015, Williams publicly announced in a press release that it had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (Merger Agreement) with Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (Energy Transfer) and certain of its affiliates. The Merger Agreement provided that, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, Williams would be merged with and into the newly formed Energy Transfer Corp LP (ETC) (ETC Merger), with ETC surviving the ETC Merger. Energy Transfer formed ETC as a limited partnership that would be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Immediately following the completion of the ETC Merger, ETC would contribute to Energy Transfer all of the assets and liabilities of Williams in exchange for the issuance by Energy Transfer to ETC of a number of Energy Transfer Class E common units equal to the number of ETC common shares issued to Williams stockholders in the ETC Merger. 
  
   10 

Notes (Continued) 

On June 29, 2016, Energy Transfer provided Williams written notice terminating the Merger Agreement, citing the alleged failure of certain conditions under the Merger Agreement. 
  ACMP Merger 
  On February 2, 2015, Williams Partners L.P. merged with and into Access Midstream Partners, L.P. (ACMP Merger). For the purpose of these financial statements and notes, Williams Partners L.P. (WPZ) refers to the renamed merged partnership, while Pre-merger Access Midstream Partners, L.P. (ACMP) and Pre-merger Williams Partners L.P. (Pre-merger WPZ) refer to the separate partnerships prior to the consummation of the ACMP Merger and subsequent name change. The net assets of Pre-merger WPZ and ACMP were combined at Williams  historical basis. Williams  basis in ACMP reflected its business combination accounting resulting from acquiring control of ACMP on July 1, 2014. 
  Description of Business 
  Our operations are located in North America. Effective January 1, 2016, businesses located in the Marcellus and Utica shale plays within the former Access Midstream segment are now managed, and thus presented, within the Northeast G P segment. The remaining Access Midstream businesses are now presented as the Central segment. As a result, beginning with the reporting of first quarter 2016, our operations are organized into the following reportable segments: Central, Northeast G P, Atlantic-Gulf, West, and NGL   Petchem Services. Prior period segment disclosures have been recast for these segment changes. 
  Central provides domestic gathering, treating, and compression services to producers under long-term, fixed-fee contracts. Its primary operating areas are in the Barnett Shale region of north-central Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale region of south Texas, the Haynesville Shale region of northwest Louisiana, and the Mid-Continent region which includes the Anadarko, Arkoma, Delaware, and Permian basins. Central also includes a   50 percent   equity-method investment in the Delaware basin gas gathering system (DBJV) in the Mid-Continent region. 
  Northeast G P is comprised of our midstream gathering and processing businesses in the Marcellus Shale region primarily in Pennsylvania, New York, and West Virginia and the Utica Shale region of eastern Ohio, as well as a   62 percent   equity-method investment in Utica East Ohio Midstream, LLC (UEOM), a   69 percent   equity-method investment in Laurel Mountain Midstream, LLC (Laurel Mountain), a   58 percent   equity-method investment in Caiman Energy II, LLC, and Appalachia Midstream Services, LLC, which owns equity-method investments with an approximate average   45 percent   interest in multiple gathering systems in the Marcellus Shale (Appalachia Midstream Investments). 
  Atlantic-Gulf is comprised of our interstate natural gas pipeline, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC (Transco), and significant natural gas gathering and processing and crude oil production handling and transportation assets in the Gulf Coast region, including a   51 percent   interest in Gulfstar One LLC (Gulfstar One) (a consolidated entity), which is a proprietary floating production system, as well as a   50 percent   equity-method investment in Gulfstream Natural Gas System, L.L.C. (Gulfstream), a   41 percent   interest in Constitution Pipeline Company, LLC (Constitution) (a consolidated entity), which is under development, and a   60 percent   equity-method investment in Discovery Producer Services LLC (Discovery). 
  West is comprised of our gathering, processing, and treating operations in New Mexico, Colorado, and Wyoming, and our interstate natural gas pipeline, Northwest Pipeline LLC (Northwest Pipeline). 
  NGL   Petchem Services is comprised of our   88.5 percent   undivided interest in an olefins production facility in Geismar, Louisiana, along with a refinery grade propylene splitter and pipelines in the Gulf Coast region, an oil sands offgas processing plant located near Fort McMurray, Alberta, and a natural gas liquid (NGL)/olefin fractionation facility at Redwater, Alberta. In September,  2016, we completed the sale of our Canadian operations. (See   Note 2   Divestiture  .) This segment also includes our NGL and natural gas marketing business, storage facilities, and an undivided   50 percent   interest in an NGL fractionator near Conway, Kansas, and a   50 percent   equity-method investment in Overland Pass Pipeline, LLC (OPPL). 
  
   11 

Notes (Continued) 

Basis of Presentation 
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   (AOCI) is substantially comprised of foreign currency translation adjustments. The cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment was reclassified into earnings as part of the net loss upon completing the sale of our Canadian operations in September 2016  (see   Note 2   Divestiture  ).    We no longer expect to have any significant foreign currency translation adjustments within AOCI. 
  Significant risks and uncertainties 
  At the end of the third quarter of 2016, we became aware of changes involving certain of DBJV s customer contracts, which impacted our estimates of DBJV s future cash flows. As such, we evaluated this investment for impairment at September 30, 2016, and through the date of this filing, and determined that no impairment was necessary. The carrying value of our investment in DBJV at September 30, 2016, is   $964 million  . 
  We estimated the fair value of this investment using an income approach. The computations considered our estimate of the future cash flows associated with the underlying business. We have recently entered into initial discussions with the system operator regarding the terms and economic assumptions of these contract changes. Depending upon the outcome of these discussions, we may not approve of the contract changes and it is possible that we could exercise our rights pursuant to the operating agreement and move to arbitration proceedings to address these contracts and other matters potentially impacting the future cash flows of DBJV. As a result, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate outcome could adversely affect our estimates of future cash flows and could ultimately result in a future impairment of our investment in DBJV.  
  Accounting standards issued but not yet adopted 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-15  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  (ASU 2016-15). ASU 2016-15 provides specific guidance on eight cash flow classification issues, including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs and distributions received from equity method investees, to reduce diversity in practice. The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard requires a retrospective transition. We are evaluating the impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  (ASU 2016-13). ASU 2016-13 changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans, and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. The guidance also requires increased disclosures. The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard requires varying transition methods for the different categories of amendments. We are evaluating the impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic 842)  (ASU 2016-02). ASU 2016-02 establishes a comprehensive new lease accounting model. The new standard clarifies the definition of a lease, requires a dual approach to lease classification similar to current lease classifications, and causes lessees to recognize leases on the balance sheet as a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use asset. The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard requires a modified retrospective transition for capital or operating leases existing at or entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. We are evaluating the impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 establishing Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (ASC 606). ASC 606 establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition model designed to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration  
  
   12 

Notes (Continued) 

the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services and requires significantly enhanced revenue disclosures. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  (ASU 2015-14). Per ASU 2015-14, the standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. ASC 606 allows either full retrospective or modified retrospective transition and early adoption is permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We continue to evaluate both the impact of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements and the transition method we will utilize for adoption. 
   
  Note 2   Divestiture 
  In September 2016, we completed the sale of subsidiaries conducting Canadian operations (such subsidiaries, the disposal group) for total consideration of   $839 million  , including   $510 million   of cash proceeds, net of   $13 million   of cash divested and subject to customary working capital adjustments. The total consideration also includes   $171 million   of escrowed proceeds expected to be fully received in late 2016 or early 2017 pending clearance by the Canadian Revenue Agency and   $8 million   of other contingent consideration, both reflected in   Other current assets and deferred charges   in the   Consolidated Balance Sheet  . Consideration also includes   $150 million   in the form of a waiver of incentive distributions otherwise payable to Williams in the fourth quarter of 2016. The waiver recognizes certain affiliate contracts wherein our Canadian operations provided services to Williams. This noncash transaction is reflected as a decrease in   General partner equity  . We used the cash proceeds from the transactions to reduce borrowings on credit facilities. 
  During the second quarter of 2016, we designated these operations as held for sale. As a result, we measured the fair value of the disposal group as of June 30, 2016, resulting in an impairment charge of   $341 million  , reflected in   Impairment of long-lived assets   in the   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  . (See   Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees  .) We recorded an additional loss of   $32 million   at NGL   Petchem Services upon completion of the sale, primarily reflecting revisions to the sales price and including an   $11 million   benefit related to transactions to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk on the Canadian proceeds, reflected in   Other (income) expense   net   within   Costs and expenses   in the   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  .  
    
  The following table presents the results of operations for the disposal group, excluding the impairment and loss noted above. 

Note 3   Variable Interest Entities    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we consolidate the following variable interest entities (VIEs): 
  Gulfstar One 
  We own a     51 percent   interest in Gulfstar One, a subsidiary that, due to certain risk-sharing provisions in its customer contracts, is a VIE. Gulfstar One includes a proprietary floating-production system, Gulfstar FPS, and associated pipelines which provide production handling and gathering services for the Tubular Bells oil and gas discovery in the eastern deepwater Gulf of Mexico.  We are the primary beneficiary because we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Gulfstar One s economic performance. Construction of an expansion project is underway that will provide production handling and gathering services for the Gunflint oil and gas discovery in the eastern deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The expansion project is expected to be completed in two phases. The first phase went into service in July of 2016 and the second phase is expected to go into service in the fourth quarter of 2016. The current estimate of the total remaining construction cost for the expansion project is approximately   $19 million  , which we expect will be funded with revenues received from customers and capital contributions from us and the other equity partner on a proportional basis. 
  
   13 

Notes (Continued) 

Constitution  
  We own a     41 percent   interest in Constitution, a subsidiary that, due to shipper fixed-payment commitments under its long-term firm transportation contracts, is a VIE. We are the primary beneficiary because we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Constitution s economic performance. We, as construction manager for Constitution, are responsible for constructing the proposed pipeline connecting our gathering system in Susquehanna  County, Pennsylvania, to the Iroquois Gas Transmission and the Tennessee Gas Pipeline systems. The total remaining cost of the project is estimated to be approximately   $687 million  , which we expect will be funded with capital contributions from us and the other equity partners on a proportional basis. 
  In December 2014, we received approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to construct and operate the Constitution pipeline. However, in April 2016, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) denied a necessary water quality certification for the New York portion of the Constitution pipeline. We remain steadfastly committed to the project, and in May 2016, Constitution appealed the NYSDEC's denial of the certification  and filed an action in federal court seeking a declaration that the State of New York's authority to exercise permitting jurisdiction over certain other environmental matters is preempted by federal law. In light of the NYSDEC's denial of the water quality certification and the actions taken to challenge the decision, the project in-service date is targeted as early as the second half of 2018, which assumes that the legal challenge process is satisfactorily and promptly concluded. An unfavorable resolution could result in the impairment of a significant portion of the capitalized project costs, which total   $381 million   on a consolidated basis at September 30, 2016, and are included within   Property, plant, and equipment, at cost   in the   Consolidated Balance Sheet  .  Beginning in April 2016, we discontinued capitalization of development costs related to this project. It is also possible that we could incur certain supplier-related costs in the event of a prolonged delay or termination of the project.    
  Cardinal 
  We own a   66 percent   interest in Cardinal Gas Services, L.L.C (Cardinal), a subsidiary that provides gathering services for the Utica region and is a VIE due to certain risks shared with customers. We are the primary beneficiary because we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Cardinal s economic performance.  We expect to fund future expansion activity with capital contributions from us and the other equity partner on a proportional basis. 
  Jackalope 
  We own a   50 percent     interest in Jackalope Gas Gathering Services, L.L.C (Jackalope), a subsidiary that provides gathering and processing services for the Powder River basin and is a VIE due to certain risks shared with customers. We are the primary beneficiary because we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Jackalope s economic performance. We expect to fund future expansion activity with capital contributions from us and the other equity partner on a proportional basis. 
  
   14 

Notes (Continued) 

The following table presents amounts included in our   Consolidated Balance Sheet   that are for the use or obligation of our consolidated VIEs: 
                                   
    September 30,  2016 
      
    December 31,  2015 
      
    Classification 
        
    (Millions) 

Assets (liabilities): 

Cash and cash equivalents 
    $ 
    50 

$ 
    70 

Cash and cash equivalents 
      Accounts receivable 
    81 

71 

Trade accounts and other receivables   net 
      Prepaid assets 
    3 

2 

Other current assets and deferred charges 
      Property, plant, and equipment       net 
    3,055 

3,000 

Property, plant, and equipment   net 
      Intangible assets       net 
    1,444 

1,483 

Intangible assets   net of accumulated amortization 
      Accounts payable 
    (49 
    ) 
      
    (59 
    ) 
      
    Accounts payable   trade 
      Accrued liabilities 
    (4 
    ) 
      
    (14 
    ) 
      
    Other accrued liabilities 
      Current deferred revenue 
    (63 
    ) 
      
    (62 
    ) 
      
    Other accrued liabilities 
      Noncurrent asset retirement obligations 
    (100 
    ) 
      
    (93 
    ) 
      
    Asset retirement obligations 
      Noncurrent deferred revenue associated with customer advance payments 
    (318 
    ) 
      
    (331 
    ) 
      
    Regulatory liabilities, deferred income, and other 

15 

Notes (Continued) 

Note 4   Allocation of Net Income (Loss) and Distributions 
  The allocation of net income (loss) among our general partner, limited partners, and noncontrolling interests is as follows: 

(1) 
    Includes amortization of the beneficial conversion feature associated with the Pre-merger WPZ Class D units of   $68 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  See following discussion of Class D units. 
       
           (2) 
    Incentive distributions paid   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and   Incentive distributions declared   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, reflect the waiver associated with the Termination Agreement.  (See   Note 1   General, Description of Business, and Basis of Presentation  .)    Incentive distributions declared   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, reflect the waiver associated with the sale of our Canadian operations.  (See   Note 2   Divestiture  .)  

Class B Units 
  The Class B units are not entitled to cash distributions. Instead, prior to conversion into common units, the Class B units receive quarterly distributions of additional paid-in-kind Class B units.  Effective February 10, 2015, each Class B  
  
   16 

Notes (Continued) 

unit became convertible at the election of either us or the holders of such Class B unit into a common unit on a one-for-one basis.  The Board of Directors of our general partner has authorized the issuance of   375,181   Class B units associated with the third-quarter distribution, to be issued on November 14, 2016. 
  Class D Units 
  The Pre-merger WPZ Class D units, issued in February 2014 in conjunction with our acquisition of certain Canadian operations, were issued at a discount to the market price of Pre-merger WPZ s common units, into which they were convertible.  The remaining unamortized balance was recognized in the first quarter of  2015 due to the ACMP Merger.  All Pre-merger WPZ Class D units were converted into common units in conjunction with the ACMP Merger. 
   
  Note 5   Investing Activities    
  Investing Income 
  The   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , includes a   $27 million   gain from the sale of an equity-method investment interest in a gathering system that was part of our Appalachia Midstream Investments within the Northeast G P segment.  
  During the third quarter of 2015, we recognized a loss of   $16 million   within   Equity earnings (losses)   in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) associated with our share of underlying property impairments at certain of the Appalachia Midstream Investments. This item is reported within the Northeast G P segment. 
  Impairments 
  The   nine   months ended September 30, 2016, includes other-than-temporary impairment charges of   $59 million   and   $50 million   related to certain equity-method investments in DBJV and Laurel Mountain, respectively (see   Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees  ) within the Central and Northeast G P segments, respectively.  
  During the third quarter of 2015, we recognized other-than-temporary impairment charges of   $458 million   and   $3 million   related to our equity-method investments in DBJV and certain of the Appalachia Midstream Investments, respectively (see   Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees  .) These items are reported within the Central and Northeast G P segments, respectively. 
  Investments 
  On September 24, 2015, we received a special distribution of   $396 million   from Gulfstream reflecting our proportional share of the proceeds from new debt issued by Gulfstream. The new debt was issued to refinance Gulfstream s debt maturities. Subsequently, we contributed   $248 million   and   $148 million   to Gulfstream for our proportional share of amounts necessary to fund debt maturities of   $500 million   due on November 1, 2015 and   $300 million   due on June 1, 2016, respectively. 
  Summarized Results of Operations for Certain Equity-Method Investments 
  The table below presents aggregated selected income statement data for our investments in Discovery, Gulfstream,   and Appalachia Midstream Investments, which are considered significant. 

17 

Notes (Continued) 

Note 6   Other Income and Expenses    
  The following table presents certain gains or losses reflected in   Other (income) expense   net     within   Costs and expenses   in our   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  : 

(1) 
    Primarily relates to gains and losses incurred on foreign currency transactions and the remeasurement of U.S. dollar denominated current assets and liabilities within our former Canadian operations (see   Note 2   Divestiture  ). 
     ACMP Merger and Transition 
  Nine months   ended   September 30, 2016    
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses     includes   $5 million     for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , associated with the ACMP Merger and transition. These costs are primarily reflected within the Central segment.  
  Three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses   includes   $1 million   and   $35 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, primarily related to professional advisory fees and employee transition costs associated with the ACMP Merger and transition. These costs are primarily reflected within the Central segment.  
  Operating and maintenance expenses   includes   $10 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , of transition costs from the ACMP Merger primarily within the Central segment.  
  Interest incurred   includes transaction-related financing costs of   $2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , from the ACMP Merger. 
  Geismar Incident 
  On June 13, 2013, an explosion and fire occurred at our Geismar olefins plant. The incident rendered the facility temporarily inoperable (Geismar Incident). We received   $126 million   of insurance recoveries during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , reported within the NGL   Petchem Services segment and reflected as gains in   Net insurance recoveries - Geismar Incident  . 
  Additional Items 
  Three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 
  Service revenues   have been reduced by   $15 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , related to potential refunds associated with a ruling received in certain rate case litigation within the Atlantic-Gulf segment. 
  
   18 

Notes (Continued) 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses     and   Operating and maintenance expenses   include   $25 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , in severance and other related costs associated with an approximate   10 percent   reduction in workforce in the first quarter of 2016. Amounts by segment are as follows: 

Other income (expense)   net   below   Operating income (loss)   includes   $17 million   and   $46 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, for allowance for equity funds used during construction within the Atlantic-Gulf segment.  
  Three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Other income (expense)   net   below   Operating income (loss)   includes   $20 million   and   $56 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, for  allowance for equity funds used during construction within the Atlantic-Gulf segment.   Other income (expense)   net   below   Operating income (loss)   also includes a   $14 million   gain for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , resulting from the early retirement of certain debt. 
   
  Note 7   Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
  The   Provision (benefit) for income taxes   includes: 

The effective income tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , is less than the federal statutory rate primarily due to income not subject to U.S. federal tax and taxes on foreign operations.  
    
  The effective income tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , is less than the federal statutory rate primarily due to income not subject to U.S. federal tax and taxes on foreign operations, which includes the tax effect of a   $341 million   impairment associated with our Canadian operations (see   Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees  ). 
    
  The effective income tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , is less than the federal statutory rate primarily due to income not subject to U.S. federal tax, partially offset by taxes on foreign operations. 
  The effective income tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , is less than the federal statutory rate primarily due to income not subject to U.S. federal tax, partially offset by taxes on foreign operations. The 2015 state  
  
   19 

Notes (Continued) 

deferred benefit includes   $7 million   related to the impact of a Texas franchise tax rate decrease. The 2015 foreign deferred provision includes   $8 million   related to the impact of an Alberta provincial tax rate increase. 
   
  Note 8   Debt and Banking Arrangements    
  Long-Term Debt 
  Issuances and retirements 
  On January 22, 2016, Transco issued   $1 billion   of   7.85 percent   senior unsecured notes due 2026 to investors in a private debt placement.  Transco used the net proceeds to repay debt and to fund capital expenditures.  As part of the new issuance, Transco entered into a registration rights agreement with the initial purchasers of the unsecured notes.  Transco is obligated to file and consummate a registration statement for an offer to exchange the notes for a new issue of substantially identical notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, within 365 days from closing and to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the exchange offer.  Transco is required to provide a shelf registration statement to cover resales of the notes under certain circumstances.  If Transco fails to fulfill these obligations, additional interest will accrue on the affected securities.  The rate of additional interest will be   0.25 percent   per annum on the principal amount of the affected securities for the first 90-day period immediately following the occurrence of default, increasing by an additional   0.25 percent   per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period thereafter, up to a maximum amount for all such defaults of   0.5 percent   annually.  Following the cure of any registration defaults, the accrual of additional interest will cease.  
  Transco retired   $200 million   of   6.4 percent   senior unsecured notes that matured on April 15, 2016. 
  Northwest Pipeline retired   $175 million   of   7 percent   senior unsecured notes that matured on June 15, 2016. 
  Commercial Paper Program 
  As of September 30, 2016, we had   $2 million   of   Commercial paper   outstanding under our   $3 billion   commercial paper program with a weighted average interest rate of   1.30 percent  .  
  Credit Facilities 

(1) 
    In managing our available liquidity, we do not expect a maximum outstanding amount in excess of the capacity of our credit facility inclusive of any outstanding amounts under our commercial paper program. 
      
  Note 9   Partners  Capital 
  In September 2016, we filed a Form S-3D registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission  for our new distribution reinvestment program (DRIP).  The DRIP is expected to commence with the quarterly distribution for the quarter ending September 30, 2016.  Under the DRIP, registered unitholders may invest all or a portion of their cash distributions in our common units.  The price for newly issued common units purchased under the DRIP will be the average of the high and low trading prices of our common units for the   five   trading days immediately preceding the distribution, less a discount rate currently set at   2.5 percent  . 
  In August 2016, we completed an equity issuance of   6,975,446   common units sold to Williams in a private placement.  The units were sold for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $250 million  .  In addition, Williams contributed the proportionate share necessary to maintain its   2 percent   general partner interest.  The proceeds were used to repay amounts outstanding under our credit facility and for general partnership purposes.   
  
   20 

Notes (Continued) 

Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees 
  The following table presents, by level within the fair value hierarchy, certain of our financial assets and liabilities. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, commercial paper, and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. Therefore, these assets and liabilities are not presented in the following table. 

___________________________________ 
  (1) Excludes capital leases. 
  Fair Value Methods 
  We use the following methods and assumptions in estimating the fair value of our financial instruments: 
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
  ARO Trust investments  :   Transco deposits a portion of its collected rates, pursuant to its rate case settlement, into an external trust (ARO Trust) that is specifically designated to fund future asset retirement obligations (ARO). The ARO Trust invests in a portfolio of actively traded mutual funds that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis based on quoted prices in an active market, is classified as available-for-sale, and is reported in   Regulatory assets, deferred charges, and other   in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Both realized and unrealized gains and losses are ultimately recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities. 
  Energy derivatives  :   Energy derivatives include commodity based exchange-traded contracts and over-the-counter contracts, which consist of physical forwards, futures, and swaps that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value amounts are presented on a gross basis and do not reflect the netting of asset and liability positions permitted  
  
   21 

Notes (Continued) 

under the terms of our master netting arrangements. Further, the amounts do not include cash held on deposit in margin accounts that we have received or remitted to collateralize certain derivative positions. Energy derivatives assets are reported in   Other current assets and deferred charges   and   Regulatory assets, deferred charges, and other   in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Energy derivatives liabilities are reported in   Other accrued liabilities   and   Regulatory liabilities, deferred income, and other   in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
  Reclassifications of fair value between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, if applicable, are made at the end of each quarter. No transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 occurred during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 
  Additional fair value disclosures 
  Other receivables:   Other receivables primarily consists of margin deposits, which are reported in   Other current assets and deferred charges   in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The disclosed fair value of our margin deposits is considered to approximate the carrying value generally due to the short-term nature of these items.  
  Long-term debt  :   The disclosed fair value of our long-term debt is determined by a market approach using broker quoted indicative period-end bond prices. The quoted prices are based on observable transactions in less active markets for our debt or similar instruments. 
  Nonrecurring fair value measurements 
  The following table presents impairments associated with certain nonrecurring fair value measurements within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

_________________ 
           (1) 
    Relates to certain surplus equipment. The estimated fair value was determined by a market approach based on our analysis of observable inputs in the principal market.  
       
           (2) 
    Relates to our Canadian operations. We designated these operations as held for sale as of June 30, 2016. As a result, we measured the fair value of the disposal group, resulting in an impairment charge. The estimated fair value was  
     
   22 

Notes (Continued) 

determined by a market approach based primarily on inputs received in the marketing process and reflected our estimate of the potential assumed proceeds. We disposed of our Canadian operations through a sale during the third quarter of 2016. See   Note 2   Divestiture  .  
    
           (3) 
    Relates to certain gathering assets within the Mid-Continent region. The estimated fair value was determined by a market approach based on our analysis of observable inputs in the principal market.  
       
           (4) 
    Reflects multiple individually insignificant impairments of other certain assets that may no longer be in use or are surplus in nature for which the fair value was determined to be zero or an insignificant salvage value.  
       
           (5) 
    Relates to equity-method investments in DBJV at Central and certain of the Appalachia Midstream Investments in Northeast G P.  The historical carrying value of these investments was initially recorded based on estimated fair value during the third quarter of 2014 in conjunction with our acquisition of ACMP.  We estimated the fair value of these investments using an income approach based on expected future cash flows and appropriate discount rates. The determination of estimated future cash flows involved significant assumptions regarding gathering volumes and related capital spending.  Discount rates utilized were   11.8 percent   and   8.8 percent   for DBJV and certain of the Appalachia Midstream Investments, respectively, and reflected our cost of capital as impacted by market conditions, and risks associated with the underlying businesses. 
       
           (6) 
    Relates to Central s equity-method investment in DBJV and Northeast G P s equity-method investment in Laurel Mountain. Our carrying values in these equity-method investments had been written down to fair value at December 31, 2015. Our first-quarter 2016 analysis reflected higher discount rates for both of these investments, along with lower natural gas prices for Laurel Mountain. We estimated the fair value of these investments using an income approach based on expected future cash flows and appropriate discount rates.  The determination of estimated future cash flows involved significant assumptions regarding gathering volumes and related capital spending. Discount rates utilized ranged from   13.0 percent   to   13.3 percent   and reflected increases in our cost of capital, revised estimates of expected future cash flows, and risks associated with the underlying businesses.  
     Guarantees 
  We are required by our revolving credit agreements to indemnify lenders for certain taxes required to be withheld from payments due to the lenders and for certain tax payments made by the lenders. The maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnifications is based on the related borrowings and such future payments cannot currently be determined. These indemnifications generally continue indefinitely unless limited by the underlying tax regulations and have no carrying value. We have never been called upon to perform under these indemnifications and have no current expectation of a future claim. 
   
  Note 11   Contingent Liabilities 
  Environmental Matters 
  We are a participant in certain environmental activities in various stages including assessment studies, cleanup operations, and remedial processes at certain sites, some of which we currently do not own. We are monitoring these sites in a coordinated effort with other potentially responsible parties, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and other governmental authorities. We are jointly and severally liable along with unrelated third parties in some of these activities and solely responsible in others. Certain of our subsidiaries have been identified as potentially responsible parties at various Superfund and state waste disposal sites. In addition, these subsidiaries have incurred, or are alleged to have incurred, various other hazardous materials removal or remediation obligations under environmental laws. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have accrued liabilities totaling   $14 million   for these matters, as discussed below. Our accrual reflects the most likely costs of cleanup, which are generally based on completed assessment studies, preliminary results of studies, or our experience with other similar cleanup operations. Certain assessment studies are still in process for which the ultimate outcome may yield significantly different estimates of most likely costs. Any incremental amount in excess of amounts currently accrued cannot be reasonably estimated at this time due to uncertainty about the actual number of contaminated sites ultimately identified, the actual amount and extent of contamination discovered, and the final cleanup standards mandated by the EPA and other governmental authorities. 
  
   23 

Notes (Continued) 

The EPA and various state regulatory agencies routinely promulgate and propose new rules, and issue updated guidance to existing rules. More recent rules and rulemakings include, but are not limited to, rules for reciprocating internal combustion engine maximum achievable control technology, new air quality standards for one hour nitrogen dioxide emissions, and volatile organic compound and methane new source performance standards impacting design and operation of storage vessels, pressure valves, and compressors. On October 1, 2015, the EPA issued its new rule regarding National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground-level ozone, setting a new standard of   70 parts per billion  . We are monitoring the rule s implementation and evaluating potential impacts to our operations. For these and other new regulations, we are unable to estimate the costs of asset additions or modifications necessary to comply due to uncertainty created by the various legal challenges to these regulations and the need for further specific regulatory guidance. 
  Our interstate gas pipelines are involved in remediation activities related to certain facilities and locations for polychlorinated biphenyls, mercury, and other hazardous substances. These activities have involved the EPA and various state environmental authorities, resulting in our identification as a potentially responsible party at various Superfund waste sites. At   September 30, 2016  , we have accrued liabilities of   $7 million   for these costs. We expect that these costs will be recoverable through rates. 
  We also accrue environmental remediation costs for natural gas underground storage facilities, primarily related to soil and groundwater contamination. At   September 30, 2016  , we have accrued liabilities totaling   $7 million   for these costs. 
  Geismar Incident 
  On June 13, 2013, an explosion and fire occurred at our Geismar olefins plant and rendered the facility temporarily inoperable. We are addressing the following contingent liabilities in connection with the Geismar Incident. 
  On October 21, 2013, the EPA issued an Inspection Report pursuant to the Clean Air Act s Risk Management Program following its inspection of the facility on June 24 through June 28, 2013. The report notes the EPA s preliminary determinations about the facility s documentation regarding process safety, process hazard analysis, as well as operating procedures, employee training, and other matters. On June 16, 2014, we received a request for information related to the Geismar Incident from the EPA under Section 114 of the Clean Air Act to which we responded on August 13, 2014. The EPA could issue penalties pertaining to final determinations. 
  Multiple lawsuits, including class actions for alleged offsite impacts, property damage, customer claims, and personal injury, have been filed against us. To date, we have settled certain of the personal injury claims for an aggregate immaterial amount that we have recovered from our insurers. The first trial, for four plaintiffs claiming personal injury, began on September 6, 2016, in Louisiana state court in Iberville Parish, Louisiana. On September 26, 2016, the jury returned a verdict against Williams, our subsidiary Williams Olefins, LLC, and two individual defendants, awarding damages of approximately   $13.6 million  , a portion of which was paid in a prior partial settlement and recovered from our insurers and the remainder of which has been charged to expense in the third quarter of 2016 along with an equal offsetting amount reflecting probable insurance recovery. We and the other defendants intend to appeal the verdict. Trial dates for additional plaintiffs are scheduled in November 2016, January 2017, April 2017, and August 2017. We believe it is probable that additional losses will be incurred on some lawsuits, while for others we believe it is only reasonably possible that losses will be incurred. However, due to ongoing litigation involving defenses to liability, the number of individual plaintiffs, limited information as to the nature and extent of all plaintiffs  damages, and the ultimate outcome of all appeals, we are unable to reliably estimate any such losses at this time. We believe that it is probable that any ultimate losses incurred will be covered by our general liability insurance policy, which has an aggregate limit of   $610 million   applicable to this event and retention (deductible) of   $2 million   per occurrence. 
  Royalty Matters 
  Certain of our customers, including one major customer, have been named in various lawsuits alleging underpayment of royalties and claiming, among other things, violations of anti-trust laws and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. We have also been named as a defendant in certain of these cases in Texas, Pennsylvania, and Ohio based on allegations that we improperly participated with that major customer in causing the alleged royalty underpayments. We have also received subpoenas from the United States Department of Justice and the Pennsylvania  
  
   24 

Notes (Continued) 

Attorney General requesting documents relating to the agreements between us and our major customer and calculations of the major customer s royalty payments. On December 9, 2015, the Pennsylvania Attorney General filed a civil suit against one of our major customers and us alleging breaches of the Pennsylvania Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, and on February 8, 2016, the Pennsylvania Attorney General filed an amended complaint in such civil suit, which omitted us as a party. We believe that the claims asserted are subject to indemnity obligations owed to us by that major customer. Our customer and plaintiffs in the Texas cases reached a settlement, and therefore all claims asserted (or possibly asserted) by any such plaintiffs against us in the Texas cases have been fully dismissed with prejudice. Due to the preliminary status of the remaining cases, we are unable to estimate a range of potential loss at this time. 
  Stockholder Litigation 
  On March 7, 2016, a purported unitholder of us filed a putative class action on behalf of certain purchasers of our units in the U.S. District Court in Oklahoma. The action names as defendants, us, Williams, Williams Partners GP LLC, Alan S. Armstrong, and Donald R. Chappel and alleges violations of certain federal securities laws for failure to disclose Energy Transfer s intention to pursue a purchase of Williams conditioned on Williams not closing the WPZ Public Unit Exchange when announcing the WPZ Public Unit Exchange. The complaint seeks, among other things, damages and an award of costs and attorneys  fees. The plaintiff filed an amended complaint on August 31, 2016. We cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential loss at this time. 
  Opal 2014 Incident Subpoena 
  On July 14, 2016, our subsidiary, Williams Field Services Company, LLC (WFS), received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. District Court for the District of Wyoming. The subpoena requests documents and information from WFS relating to, among other things, the April 23, 2014, explosion and fire at its natural gas processing facility in Lincoln County, Wyoming, near the town of Opal. We and WFS intend to cooperate fully with this investigation. It is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of this investigation, including whether the investigation will result in any action or proceeding against WFS, or to reasonably estimate any potential loss related thereto. We currently believe that this matter will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 
  Other 
  In addition to the foregoing, various other proceedings are pending against us which are incidental to our operations. 
  Summary 
  We have disclosed all significant matters for which we are unable to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. We estimate that for all other matters for which we are able to reasonably estimate a range of loss, our aggregate reasonably possible losses beyond amounts accrued are immaterial to our expected future annual results of operations, liquidity, and financial position. These calculations have been made without consideration of any potential recovery from third parties. 
   
  Note 12   Segment Disclosures    
  Our reportable segments are Central, Northeast G P, Atlantic-Gulf, West, and NGL   Petchem Services. (See   Note 1   General, Description of Business, and Basis of Presentation  .) 
  Performance Measurement 
  We evaluate segment operating performance based upon   Modified EBITDA   (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization). This measure represents the basis of our internal financial reporting and is the primary performance measure used by our chief operating decision maker in measuring performance and allocating resources among our reportable segments. 
  
   25 

Notes (Continued) 

We define   Modified EBITDA   as follows: 
             
    Net income (loss) before: 
                
    Provision (benefit) for income taxes; 
                
    Interest incurred, net of interest capitalized; 
                
    Equity earnings (losses); 
                
    Impairment of equity-method investments; 
                
    Other investing income (loss)        
                
    Impairment of goodwill; 
                
    Depreciation and amortization expenses;  
                
    Accretion expense associated with asset retirement obligations for nonregulated operations. 
                
    This measure is further adjusted to include our proportionate share (based on ownership interest) of   Modified EBITDA   from our equity-method investments calculated consistently with the definition described above. 
     
   26 

Notes (Continued) 

The following table reflects the reconciliation of   Segment revenues   to   Total     revenues   as reported in the   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  .  

27 

Notes (Continued) 

The following table reflects the reconciliation of   Modified EBITDA   to   Net income (loss)   as reported in the   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  . 

The following table reflects   Total assets   by reportable segment.   

(1) 
    Eliminations primarily relate to the intercompany accounts and notes receivable generated by our cash management program. 
     
   28 

Item 2 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  General 
  We are an energy infrastructure master limited partnership focused on connecting North America s significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas, NGLs, and olefins through our gas pipeline and midstream businesses. WPZ GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company wholly owned by Williams, is our general partner. 
  Our interstate natural gas pipeline strategy is to create value by maximizing the utilization of our pipeline capacity by providing high quality, low cost transportation of natural gas to large and growing markets. Our gas pipeline businesses  interstate transmission and storage activities are subject to regulation by the FERC and as such, our rates and charges for the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, and the extension, expansion or abandonment of jurisdictional facilities and accounting, among other things, are subject to regulation. The rates are established through the FERC s ratemaking process. Changes in commodity prices and volumes transported have limited near-term impact on these revenues because the majority of cost of service is recovered through firm capacity reservation charges in transportation rates. 
  The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. These services include natural gas gathering, processing, treating, and compression, NGL fractionation and transportation, crude oil production handling and transportation, olefin production, marketing services for NGL, oil and natural gas, as well as storage facilities. 
  Effective January 1, 2016, businesses located in the Marcellus and Utica shale plays within the former Access Midstream segment are now managed, and thus presented, within the Northeast G P segment. The remaining Access Midstream businesses are now presented as the Central segment. Prior period segment disclosures have been recast for these segment changes. As a result, beginning with the reporting of first-quarter 2016, our reportable segments are Central, Northeast G P, Atlantic-Gulf, West, and NGL   Petchem Services, which are comprised of the following businesses: 
             
    Central provides domestic gathering, treating, and compression services to producers under  long-term, fixed-fee contracts.  Its primary operating areas are in the Barnett Shale region of north-central Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale region of south Texas, the Haynesville Shale  region of northwest Louisiana, and the Mid-Continent region which includes the Anadarko, Arkoma, Delaware and Permian basins. Central also includes a 50 percent equity-method investment in the Delaware basin gas gathering system (DBJV) in the Mid-Continent region. 
                
    Northeast G P is comprised of midstream gathering and processing businesses in the Marcellus Shale region primarily in Pennsylvania, New York, and West Virginia, and the Utica shale region of eastern Ohio, as well as a 69 percent equity-method investment in Laurel Mountain and a 58 percent equity-method investment in Caiman II. Northeast G P also includes a 62 percent equity-method investment in UEOM and Appalachia Midstream Services, LLC, which owns equity-method investments with an approximate average 45 percent interest in multiple gas gathering systems in the Marcellus Shale (Appalachia Midstream Investments). 
                
    Atlantic-Gulf is comprised of our interstate natural gas pipeline, Transco, and significant natural gas gathering and processing and crude oil production handling and transportation assets in the Gulf Coast region, including a 51 percent interest in Gulfstar One (a consolidated entity), which is a proprietary floating production system, as well as a 50 percent equity-method investment in Gulfstream, a 60 percent equity-method investment in Discovery, and a 41 percent interest in Constitution (a consolidated entity), which is under development. 
     
   29 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

West is comprised of our gathering, processing and treating operations in New Mexico, Colorado, and Wyoming, and our interstate natural gas pipeline, Northwest Pipeline.  
                
    NGL   Petchem Services is comprised of our 88.5 percent undivided interest in an olefins production facility in Geismar, Louisiana (see Geismar Olefins Facility Monetization below), along with a refinery grade propylene splitter and various petrochemical and feedstock pipelines in the Gulf Coast region, an oil sands offgas processing plant near Fort McMurray, Alberta, and an NGL/olefin fractionation facility at Redwater, Alberta. In September 2016, these Canadian operations were sold. (See   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) This segment also includes an NGL and natural gas marketing business, storage facilities, and an undivided 50 percent interest in an NGL fractionator near Conway, Kansas, and a 50 percent equity-method investment in OPPL. 
     As of   September 30, 2016  , Williams holds an approximate 60 percent interest in us, comprised of an approximate 58 percent limited partner interest and all of our 2 percent general partner interest and IDRs. 
  Unless indicated otherwise, the following discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition and liquidity should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of this Form 10 Q and our annual consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Exhibit 99.1 of our Form 8 K dated May 27, 2016. 
   
  Distributions 
  On October 25, 2016  ,   our general partner s Board of Directors approved a quarterly distribution to unitholders of   $0.85   per common unit on November 14, 2016, on our outstanding common units to unitholders of record at the close of business on November 4, 2016. 
   
  Overview of   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016    
  Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , increased   $91 million   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , reflecting lower impairments of equity-method investments, an increase in olefins margins associated with our Geismar plant, decreases in operating and maintenance and selling, general, and administrative expenses, and higher equity earnings. These favorable changes were partially offset by increased impairment charges and loss on sale associated with our Canadian operations, the absence of $126 million of insurance recoveries, and higher interest incurred. See additional discussion in Results of Operations.  
  Sale of Canadian Operations 
  In September 2016, we completed the sale of our Canadian operations for total consideration of   $839 million  , including   $510 million   of cash proceeds, net of $  13 million   of cash divested and subject to customary working capital adjustments. In connection with the sale, Williams agreed to waive   $150 million   of incentive distributions in the fourth quarter of 2016. We recognized an impairment charge of   $341 million   during the second quarter of 2016 related to these operations and an additional loss of   $32 million   upon completion of the sale. (See   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)  
  Organizational Realignment 
  In September 2016, Williams announced organizational changes aiming to simplify our structure, increase direct operational alignment to advance our natural gas-focused strategy, and drive continued focus on customer service and execution.  Effective beginning in 2017, we plan to implement the changes, which will combine the management of certain  of our operations and reduce the overall number of operating areas managed within our business.  
  Williams  Merger Agreement with Energy Transfer 
  On September 28, 2015, Williams publicly announced in a press release that it had entered into a Merger Agreement with Energy Transfer and certain of its affiliates. The Merger Agreement provided that, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, Williams would merge with and into the newly formed ETC, with ETC surviving the  
  
   30 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

ETC Merger. Energy Transfer formed ETC as a limited partnership that would be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Immediately following the completion of the ETC Merger, ETC would contribute to Energy Transfer all of the assets and liabilities of Williams in exchange for the issuance by Energy Transfer to ETC of a number of Energy Transfer Class E common units equal to the number of ETC common shares issued to Williams stockholders in the ETC Merger.  
  On June 29, 2016, Energy Transfer provided Williams written notice terminating the Merger Agreement, citing the alleged failure of certain conditions under the Merger Agreement. 
  Central 
  Barnett Shale and Mid-Continent Contract Restructurings 
  In August 2016, we conditionally committed to execute a new gas gathering agreement in the Barnett Shale.  The agreement was executed in the fourth quarter of 2016,  in conjunction with our existing customer, Chesapeake Energy Corporation, closing the sale of its Barnett Shale properties to another producer.  That other producer, which has an investment grade credit rating, is now our customer under the new gas gathering agreement. The restructured agreement provided a $754 million up-front cash payment to us primarily in exchange for eliminating future minimum volume commitments. The restructured agreement also provides for revised gathering rates. Based on current commodity price assumptions, we generally expect the up-front cash proceeds and the ongoing cash flows generated by gathering services, to represent equivalent net present value of cash flows as compared to expected performance under the existing agreement. Additionally, we agreed to a revised contract in the Mid-Continent region, also with Chesapeake Energy Corporation.  The revised contract was executed in the third quarter of 2016 and provided an up-front cash payment to us of $66 million primarily in exchange for changing from a cost of service contract to fixed-fee terms. We expect the majority of the up-front cash proceeds from both these agreements will be recognized as deferred revenue and amortized into income in future periods. In the near term, we do not expect that our trend of reported results will be significantly impacted by the effect of the discount associated with the up-front cash proceeds relative to the original minimum volume commitments and reduced gathering rates. It is anticipated that both agreements will reduce customer concentration risk and provide support to realize additional drilling and improved volumes in these regions. 
  West 
  Powder River Basin Contract Restructuring 
  In October 2016, in conjunction with our partner in the Bucking Horse natural gas processing plant and Jackalope Gas Gathering System,  we announced an agreement with Chesapeake Energy Corporation to restructure gathering and processing contracts in the Powder River Basin. The restructured contracts become effective in January 2017, subject to final approvals, and are expected to replace the current cost-of-service arrangement with minimum annual revenue guarantees that support the transition to a new fixed-fee structure over the next five to seven years. In the near term, we do not expect that our trend of reported results will be significantly impacted by the restructured terms. 
  NGL   Petchem Services 
  Geismar Olefins Facility Monetization 
  In September 2016, we announced we have initiated a process to explore monetization of our ownership interest in the Geismar, Louisiana olefins plant and complex.  The potential monetization process may result in a sale or a long-term, fee-for-service tolling agreement and would be consistent with our strategy to narrow our focus and allocate capital to our natural gas-focused business. 
  Redwater Expansion 
  In March 2016, we completed the expansion of our Redwater facilities to provide NGL transportation and fractionation services to Williams associated with its long-term agreement to provide gas processing services to a second bitumen upgrader in Canada s oil sands near Fort McMurray, Alberta. With this capacity increase, additional NGL/olefins mixtures from Williams are fractionated into an ethane/ethylene mix, propane, polymer grade propylene, normal  
  
   31 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

butane, an alkylation feed and condensate under a long-term, fee-based agreement. We sold these operations in September 2016. (See   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Atlantic-Gulf 
  Rock Springs Expansion 
  In August 2016, our Rock Springs expansion was placed into service.  The project expanded Transco s existing natural gas transmission system from New Jersey to a generation facility in Maryland and increased capacity by 192 Mdth/d. 
  Volatile Commodity Prices  
  NGL per-unit margins were approximately 18 percent lower in the first   nine   months of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015. The primary drivers for the   nine  -month comparative period decrease were a 9 percent decline     in     per-unit     non  -  ethane prices, a 39 percent decline in ethane prices, and a change in the relative mix of NGL products produced, which has shifted to a higher proportion of lower-margin ethane products  .    These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by an approximate 25 percent decline in per-unit natural gas feedstock prices. NGL per-unit margins were approximately 7 percent lower for the quarter ending   September 30, 2016  , compared to the quarter ending June 30, 2016. The decline in NGL per-unit margins between the   third   and second quarter of 2016 was due primarily to an increase in natural gas prices of approximately 40 percent in the quarter ending   September 30, 2016  , compared to the quarter ending June 30, 2016. 
  NGL margins are defined as NGL revenues less any applicable Btu replacement cost, plant fuel, and third-party transportation and fractionation. Per-unit NGL margins are calculated based on sales of our own equity volumes at the processing plants. Our equity volumes include NGLs where we own the rights to the value from NGLs recovered at our plants under both  keep-whole  processing agreements, where we have the obligation to replace the lost heating value with natural gas, and  percent-of-liquids  agreements whereby we receive a portion of the extracted liquids with no obligation to replace the lost heating value. 
  
   32 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

The following graph illustrates the effects of margin volatility and NGL production and sales volumes, as well as the margin differential between ethane and non-ethane products and the relative mix of those products.    

The potential impact of commodity price volatility on our business for the remainder of 2016 is further discussed in the following Company Outlook. 
   
  Company Outlook 
    
  Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We seek to accomplish this through further developing our scale positions in current key markets and basins and entering new demand driven growth markets and basins where we can become the large-scale service provider. We will continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our unitholders. 
  In response to challenging market conditions, our business plan announced in January of 2016 included significant actions to reduce costs and funding needs, such as reductions in capital investment, a reduction in workforce, and the sale of our Canadian operations. Furthermore, we have also recently announced additional measures, including the previously discussed organizational realignment and the process to explore the monetization of our ownership interest in the Geismar olefins facility. 
  Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2016 are expected to total $1.9 billion. Approximately $1.3 billion of our growth capital funding needs include Transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. The remaining non-interstate pipeline growth capital spending in 2016 primarily reflects investment in gathering and processing systems limited primarily to known new producer volumes, including volumes that support Transco expansion projects in addition to wells drilled and  
  
   33 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

completed awaiting connecting infrastructure. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. 
  As previously discussed, we have announced a quarterly distribution of $0.85 per common unit, or $3.40 annually.  Additionally, Williams plans to reinvest approximately $1.7 billion in us through 2017, primarily through the recently implemented DRIP.  Williams has already invested $250 million of the planned $1.7 billion in the third quarter of 2016 through a private placement offering.  The program is expected to enhance our ability to maintain our distribution, while providing us with the flexibility to reduce debt and maintain our investment grade ratings. 
  Fee-based businesses are a significant component of our portfolio and serve to somewhat reduce the influence of commodity price fluctuations on our operating results and cash flows. However, producer activities have been impacted by lower energy commodity prices, which have affected our gathering volumes. The credit profiles of certain of our producer customers are increasingly challenged by the current market conditions. These conditions as well as further or prolonged declines in energy commodity prices may also result in noncash impairments of our assets. 
  We continue to be approached by certain customers seeking to revise certain of our gathering and processing contracts, due in part to the low energy commodity price environment. In these situations, we generally seek to reasonably consider customer needs while maintaining or improving the overall value of our contracts. Any such revisions may impact the level and timing of expected future cash flows, requiring that we evaluate the recoverability of the underlying assets, which could result in noncash impairments. 
  Commodity NGL margins are highly dependent upon regional supply/demand balances of natural gas  while olefins are impacted by global supply and demand fundamentals. We anticipate the following trends in energy commodity prices for 2016, compared to 2015, that may impact our operating results and cash flows: 
             
    Natural gas prices are expected to be lower; 
                
    NGL prices are expected to be somewhat consistent; 
                
    Olefins prices, including propylene, ethylene, and the overall ethylene crack spread, are expected to be lower.  
     In 2016, our operating results include increases from our fee-based businesses placed in service over the last two years, increases in our olefins volumes associated with a full year of operations at our Geismar plant following its 2015 repair and expansion, and lower operating and general and administrative expenses associated with cost reduction initiatives. 
  Potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include: 
             
    Downgrade of our investment grade credit ratings and associated increase in cost of borrowings; 
                
    Higher cost of capital and/or limited availability of capital due to a change in our financial condition, interest rates, and/or market or industry conditions; 
                
    Counterparty credit and performance risk, including that of Chesapeake Energy Corporation and its affiliates; 
                
    Lower than anticipated energy commodity prices and margins; 
                
    Lower than anticipated volumes from third parties served by our midstream business; 
                
    Unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution; 
                
    Changes in the political and regulatory environments including the risk of delay in permits needed for regulatory projects; 
                
    General economic, financial markets, or further industry downturn; 
     
   34 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Lower than expected levels of cash flow from operations; 
                
    Physical damages to facilities, including damage to offshore facilities by named windstorms; 
                
    Reduced availability of insurance coverage. 
       
  We continue to address these risks through maintaining a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as through managing a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key markets and basins in the United States. 
  Expansion Projects  
  Our ongoing major expansion projects include the following: 
  Central 
  Eagle Ford 
  We plan to expand our gathering infrastructure in the Eagle Ford region in order to meet our customers  production plans. The expansion of the gathering infrastructure includes the addition of new facilities, well connections, and gathering pipeline to the existing systems. 
  Northeast G P 
  Oak Grove Expansion 
  We plan to expand our processing capacity at our Oak Grove facility by adding a second 200 MMcf/d cryogenic natural gas processing plant, which, based on our customers  needs, is expected to be placed into service in 2020. 
  Gathering System Expansion 
  We will continue to expand the gathering systems in the Marcellus and Utica shale regions that are needed to meet our customers  production plans. The expansion of the gathering infrastructure includes additional compression and gathering pipeline to the existing system.  
  Atlantic-Gulf  
  Constitution Pipeline 
  In December 2014, we received approval from the FERC to construct and operate the jointly owned Constitution pipeline, which will have an expected capacity of 650 Mdth/d. However, in April 2016, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) denied a necessary water quality certification for the New York portion of the pipeline. We remain steadfastly committed to the project, and in May 2016, Constitution appealed the NYSDEC s denial of the certification and filed an action in federal court seeking a declaration that the State of New York s authority to exercise permitting jurisdiction over certain other environmental matters is preempted by federal law.  (See   Note 3   Variable Interest Entities   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) We currently own 41 percent of Constitution with three other parties holding 25 percent, 24 percent, and 10 percent, respectively. We will be the operator of Constitution. The 126-mile Constitution pipeline will connect our gathering system in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, to the Iroquois Gas Transmission and Tennessee Gas Pipeline systems in New York, as well as to a local distribution company serving New York and Pennsylvania. In light of the NYSDEC s denial of the water quality certification and the actions taken to challenge the decision, the target in-service date has been revised to as early as the second half of 2018, which assumes that the legal challenge process is satisfactorily and promptly concluded. 
  
   35 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Garden State 
  In April 2016, we received approval from the FERC to expand Transco s existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 210 in New Jersey to a new interconnection on our Trenton Woodbury Lateral in New Jersey. The project will be constructed in phases and is expected to increase capacity by 180 Mdth/d. We plan to place the initial phase of the project into service during the first half of 2017 and the remaining portion in the fourth quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. 
  Norphlet Project 
  In March 2016, we announced that we have reached an agreement to provide deepwater gas gathering services to the Appomattox development in the Gulf of Mexico. The project will provide offshore gas gathering services to our existing Transco lateral, which will provide transmission services onshore to our Mobile Bay processing facility. We also plan to make modifications to our Main Pass 261 Platform to install an alternate delivery route from the platform, as well as modifications to our Mobile Bay processing facility. The project is scheduled to go into service during the second quarter of 2020. 
  Hillabee 
  In February 2016, the FERC issued a certificate order for the initial phases of Transco s Hillabee Expansion Project. The project involves an expansion of Transco s existing natural gas transmission system from Station 85 in west central Alabama to a proposed new interconnection with the Sabal Trail project in Alabama.  The project will be constructed in phases, and all of the project expansion capacity will be leased to Sabal Trail. We plan to place the initial phase of the project into service concurrent with the in-service date of the Sabal Trail project, which is planned to occur as early as the second quarter of 2017.  The in-service date of the second phase of the project is planned for the second quarter of 2020 and together they are expected to increase capacity by 1,025 Mdth/d. 
  In March 2016, we entered into an agreement with the member-sponsors of Sabal Trail to resolve several matters. In accordance with the agreement, the member-sponsors will pay us an aggregate amount of $240 million in three equal installments as certain milestones of the project are met. The first $80 million payment was received in March 2016 and the second installment was received in September 2016. We expect to recognize income associated with these receipts over the term of the capacity lease agreement. 
  Gulf Trace 
  In October 2015, we received approval from the FERC to     expand Transco s existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 65 in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana to a new interconnection with Sabine Pass Liquefaction in Cameron Parish, Louisiana. We plan to place the project into service during the first quarter of 2017 and it is expected to increase capacity by 1,200 Mdth/d. 
  New York Bay Expansion 
  In July 2016, we  received approval from the FERC to expand Transco s existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Pennsylvania to the Rockaway Delivery Lateral transfer point and the Narrows meter station in Richmond County, New York. We plan to place the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2017, and it is expected to increase capacity by 115 Mdth/d. 
  Atlantic Sunrise 
  In March 2015, we filed an application with the FERC to expand Transco s existing natural gas transmission system along with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from the northeastern Marcellus producing area to markets along Transco s mainline as far south as Station 85 in west central Alabama. We expect to place a portion of the project facilities into service during the second half of 2017 and are targeting a full  
  
   36 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

in-service during mid-2018, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals.  The project is expected to increase capacity by 1,700 Mdth/d. 
  Virginia Southside II 
  In July 2016, we received approval from the FERC to expand Transco s existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 210 in New Jersey and Station 165 in Virginia to a new lateral extending from our Brunswick Lateral in Virginia. We plan to place the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 250 Mdth/d. 
  Dalton 
  In August 2016, we obtained approval from the FERC     to expand Transco s existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 210 in New Jersey to markets in northwest Georgia. We plan to place the project into service in 2017 and it is expected to increase capacity by 448 Mdth/d. 
  Gulf Connector 
  In August 2016, we filed an application with the FERC to expand Transco s existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 65 in Louisiana to delivery points in Wharton and San Patricio Counties, Texas.  The project will be constructed in phases, with the initial phase of the project expected to be in service during the second half of 2018 and the remaining phase in 2019, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals.  The project is expected to increase capacity by 475 Mdth/d. 
   
  Critical Accounting Estimates 
  Goodwill 
  During the first quarter of 2016 we observed a significant decline in the market value of WPZ.  As a result, we evaluated our goodwill associated with the West G P reporting unit for impairment.    Goodwill   for the West G P reporting unit was $47 million at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  We estimated the fair value of the West G P reporting unit based on an income approach utilizing discount rates specific to the underlying business.  These discount rates considered variables unique to each business, including equity yields of comparable midstream businesses, expectations for future growth, and customer performance considerations.  The weighted-average discount rate utilized was 11.6 percent.  Our analysis indicated that the fair value of the West G P reporting unit exceeded its book value by approximately $262 million, or 10 percent, at the end of the first quarter.  We estimated that an overall increase in the discount rate utilized of 250 basis points would have resulted in a potential impairment of goodwill for this reporting unit. 
    
  We did not perform an interim assessment at the end of the third quarter of 2016 as our weighted-average cost of capital and equity yields of comparable midstream businesses, which drive discount rates, decreased compared to first quarter. 
    
  Judgments and assumptions are inherent in our estimates of future cash flows, discount rates, and market measures utilized. The use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in a different calculation of fair value, which could ultimately result in the recognition of an impairment charge in the consolidated financial statements. 
  Equity-Method Investments  
  In response to declining market conditions in the first quarter of 2016, we assessed whether the carrying amounts of certain of our equity-method investments exceeded their fair value.  As a result, we recognized other-than-temporary impairment charges of $59 million and $50 million in the first quarter related to our equity-method investments in the DBJV and Laurel Mountain (LMM), respectively. Our carrying values in these equity-method investments had been written down to fair value at December 31, 2015.  Our first-quarter analysis reflected higher discount rates for both DBJV and LMM, along with lower natural gas prices for LMM. 
  
   37 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

We estimated the fair value of these investments using an income approach and discount rates ranging from 13.0 percent to 13.3 percent.  These discount rates considered variables unique to each business area, including equity yields of comparable midstream businesses, expectations for future growth and customer performance considerations.   
    
  We estimated that an overall increase in the discount rates utilized of 50 basis points would have resulted in additional impairment charges on our at-risk equity-method investments of approximately $107 million. 
    
  Judgments and assumptions are inherent in our estimates of future cash flows, discount rates, and market measures utilized.  The use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in a different calculation of fair value, which could ultimately result in the recognition of a different impairment charge in the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Subsequent to the first quarter the discount rates decreased significantly and no additional impairments have been recognized. 
    
  At the end of the third quarter of 2016, we became aware of changes involving certain of DBJV s customer contracts, which impacted our estimates of DBJV s future cash flows.   As such, we evaluated this investment for impairment at September 30, 2016, and through the date of this filing and determined that no impairment was necessary.   The carrying value of our investment in DBJV at September 30, 2016, is $964 million. 
    
  We estimated the fair value of this investment using an income approach and applied a discount rate of 10.9 percent.  The computations considered our estimate of the future cash flows associated with the underlying business.  We have recently entered into initial discussions with the system operator regarding the terms and economic assumptions of these contract changes.  Depending upon the outcome of these discussions, we may not approve of the contract changes and it is possible that we could exercise our rights pursuant to the operating agreement and move to arbitration proceedings to address these contracts and other matters potentially impacting the future cash flows of DBJV.  As a result, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate outcome could adversely affect our estimates of future cash flows and could ultimately result in a future impairment of our investment in DBJV.  
    
  At September 30, 2016, our Consolidated Balance Sheet includes approximately $7.1 billion of investments that are accounted for under the equity-method of accounting. We evaluate these investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in our management s judgment, that the carrying value of such investments may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value.  We continue to monitor our equity-method investments for any indications that the carrying value may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value.  When evidence of a loss in value has occurred, we compare our estimate of the fair value of the investment to the carrying value of the investment to determine whether an impairment has occurred. We generally estimate the fair value of our investments using an income approach where significant judgments and assumptions include expected future cash flows and the appropriate discount rate. In some cases, we may utilize a form of market approach to estimate the fair value of our investments. 
    
  If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value and we consider the decline in value to be other-than-temporary, the excess of the carrying value over the fair value is recognized in the consolidated financial statements as an impairment charge. Events or changes in circumstances that may be indicative of an other-than-temporary decline in value will vary by investment, but may include:  
             
    A significant or sustained decline in the market value of an investee; 
                
    Lower than expected cash distributions from investees; 
                
    Significant asset impairments or operating losses recognized by investees; 
                
    Significant delays in or lack of producer development or significant declines in producer volumes in markets served by investees; 
     
   38 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Significant delays in or failure to complete significant growth projects of investees. 
     Constitution Pipeline Capitalized Project Costs 
  As of September 30, 2016,   Property, plant, and equipment, at cost     in our Consolidated Balance Sheet includes approximately $381 million of capitalized project costs for Constitution, for which we are the construction manager and own a 41 percent consolidated interest.  In December 2014, we received approval from the FERC to construct and operate this jointly owned pipeline. However, in April 2016, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) denied a necessary water quality certification for the New York portion of the Constitution pipeline.  We remain steadfastly committed to the project, and in May 2016, Constitution appealed the NYSDEC's denial of the certification and filed an action in federal court seeking a declaration that the State of New York's authority to exercise permitting jurisdiction over certain other environmental matters is preempted by federal law. 
    
  As a result of the denial by the NYSDEC, we evaluated the capitalized project costs for impairment as of March 31, 2016, and determined that no impairment was necessary.  Our evaluation considered probability-weighted scenarios of undiscounted future net cash flows, including a scenario assuming successful resolution with the NYSDEC and construction of the pipeline, as well as a scenario where the project does not proceed.  We continue to monitor the capitalized project costs associated with Constitution for potential impairment. 
  Long-lived Assets 
  We evaluate our property, plant, and equipment and other identifiable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in our judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. When an indicator of impairment has occurred, we compare our estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the assets to the carrying value of the assets to determine whether an impairment has occurred and we may apply a probability-weighted approach to consider the likelihood of different cash flow assumptions and possible outcomes including selling in the near term or holding for the remaining estimated useful life. If an impairment of the carrying value has occurred, we determine the amount of the impairment recognized by estimating the fair value of the assets and recording a loss for the amount that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. This evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which separately identifiable cash flows exist. 
  During the second quarter of 2016, certain Mid-Continent gas gathering systems were assessed for impairment due to a potential disposition of those systems in the future.  Based on market observed information for these gas gathering systems, these assets were written down to their fair value.  As a result, we recognized an impairment of $48 million in the Central segment.  

39 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Results of Operations 
  Consolidated Overview 
  The following table and discussion is a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The results of operations by segment are discussed in further detail following this consolidated overview discussion. 

* 
    + = Favorable change; - = Unfavorable change; NM = A percentage calculation is not meaningful due to a change in signs, a zero-value denominator, or a percentage change greater than 200. 
     
   40 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. three months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Service revenues     improved due to growth associated with expansion projects placed in service in 2015 and 2016, including projects in the eastern Gulf Coast region, Transco s natural gas transportation system, our Redwater facility in Canada, and in the Appalachian basin. These increases were partially offset by lower gathering rates in the Eagle Ford Shale.    
  Product sales   increased due to higher marketing revenues, higher olefins sales, and increased revenues from our equity NGLs primarily due to higher volumes. The increase in marketing revenues are driven by higher NGL and natural gas prices and crude oil volumes, partially offset by lower NGL and natural gas volumes and crude oil prices. The increase in olefin sales are primarily associated with higher ethylene prices at our Geismar plant. 
  The increase in   Product costs   includes higher marketing purchases primarily due to the same factors that increased marketing revenues. In addition, natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity NGLs increased, partially offset by lower olefin feedstock purchases. Natural gas purchases increased reflecting higher volumes. The decline in olefin feedstock purchases is primarily due to lower propylene production volumes. 
  Operating and maintenance expenses   reflect decreases in primarily outside service and labor-related costs resulting from our cost containment efforts and first-quarter 2016 workforce reductions, substantially offset by higher pipeline testing and general maintenance at Transco. 
  Other (income) expense   net   within   Operating income (loss)   includes a loss on the sale of our Canadian operations that were sold in September 2016 (see   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), as well as project development costs at Constitution as we discontinued capitalization of these costs in April 2016. (See   Note 3   Variable Interest Entities   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Operating income (loss)   changed favorably primarily due to higher olefin margins associated with improved ethylene prices at our Geismar plant, higher service revenues driven by higher volumes, and lower costs and expenses primarily related to cost containment efforts and workforce reductions, partially offset by the loss on sale of our Canadian operations and project development costs at Constitution. 
  Equity earnings (losses)   changed favorably primarily due to a $7 million increase at UEOM. Additionally, lower impairments recognized within our Appalachia Midstream Investments were substantially offset by lower operating results. 
  Impairment of equity-method investments   reflects 2015 impairment charges associated with certain equity-method investments. (See   Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)  
  Other investing income (loss) - net   reflects a 2016 gain on the sale of an equity-method investment interest in a gathering system that was part of our Appalachia Midstream Investments gathering system. (See   Note 5   Investing Activities   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Interest expense   increased due to higher   Interest incurred   of     $20 million primarily attributable to new debt issuances in 2016 and 2015. (See   Note 8   Debt and Banking Arrangements   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Service revenues     increased primarily due to expansion projects placed in service in 2015 and 2016, including Transco s natural gas transportation system, new transportation and fractionation revenue associated with Williams  Horizon liquids extraction plant in Canada, as well as higher rates and volumes in the Haynesville area primarily attributable to a new contract executed in 2015.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease related to lower volumes attributable to suspending operations in order to facilitate the tie-in of the Gunflint expansion at Gulfstar One, a decrease in storage revenues at Transco, and lower gathering rates in the Eagle Ford Shale.   
  Product sales   decreased due to reduced marketing revenues primarily associated with lower NGL volumes and lower crude oil, non-ethane, and natural gas prices, partially offset by higher crude oil and natural gas volumes.  Olefins  
  
   41 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

sales increased primarily due to the increased volumes at our Geismar plant as a result of the plant operating at higher production levels in 2016, partially offset by lower olefin sales from other olefin operations associated with lower volumes and per-unit sales prices. 
  The decrease in   Product costs   includes lower marketing purchases primarily associated with a decline in per-unit costs across most products and lower volumes in addition to lower olefin feedstock purchases. The decline in olefin feedstock purchases is primarily associated with lower per-unit feedstock costs and volumes at our other olefin operations, partially offset by an increase in olefin feedstock purchases at our Geismar plant reflecting increased volumes resulting from higher production levels in 2016. 
  Operating and maintenance expenses   decreased primarily due to lower labor-related and outside service costs resulting from our first-quarter 2016 workforce reductions and cost containment efforts, as well as the absence of ACMP transition-related costs recognized in 2015, partially offset by $14 million of severance and related costs recognized in 2016 and higher pipeline testing and general maintenance costs at Transco. 
  Depreciation and amortization expenses   increased primarily due to depreciation on new assets placed in-service, including Transco pipeline projects. 
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses   decreased primarily due to the absence of ACMP merger and transition- related costs recognized in 2015 and lower labor-related costs resulting from our first-quarter 2016 workforce reductions and cost containment efforts,  partially offset by $11 million of severance and related costs recognized in 2016.  
  Net insurance recoveries   Geismar Incident   changed unfavorably reflecting the absence of $126 million of insurance proceeds received in the second quarter of 2015. 
  Impairment of long-lived assets   reflects 2016 impairments of our Canadian operations and certain Mid-Continent assets. (See   Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) Impairments recognized in 2015 relate primarily to surplus equipment write-offs. 
  Other (income) expense   net   within   Operating income (loss)   includes a loss on the sale of our Canadian operations that were sold in September 2016, project development costs at Constitution as we discontinued capitalization of these costs in April 2016, and an unfavorable change in foreign currency exchange that primarily relates to losses incurred on foreign currency transactions and the remeasurement of the U.S. dollar-denominated current assets and liabilities within our Canadian operations.  
  Operating income (loss)   changed unfavorably primarily due impairments in 2016, the absence of insurance proceeds received in the second quarter of 2015, and higher depreciation expenses related to new projects placed in service.  These decreases were partially offset by higher olefin margins related to the Geismar plant operating at higher production levels in 2016, lower costs related to the merger and integration of ACMP, lower costs and expenses associated with cost containment efforts, and higher service revenues reflecting new projects placed in service in 2015 and 2016.  
  Equity earnings (losses)   changed favorably primarily due to a $23 million increase at Discovery driven by the completion of the Keathley Canyon Connector in the first quarter of 2015. Additionally, UEOM and OPPL increased $16 million and $14 million, respectively. 
  Impairment of equity-method investments   reflects first-quarter 2016 impairment charges associated with our  DBJV and Laurel Mountain equity-method investments, while the 2015 impairment charge relates to our equity-method investment in DBJV. (See   Note 5   Investing Activities     of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)  
  Other investing income (loss) - net   reflects a 2016 gain on the sale of an equity-method investment interest in a gathering system that was part of our Appalachia Midstream Investments gathering system. (See   Note 5   Investing Activities   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Interest expense   increased due to higher   Interest incurred   of     $75 million primarily attributable to new debt issuances in 2016 and 2015, as well as lower   Interest capitalized   of $14 million primarily related to construction projects that  
  
   42 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

have been placed into service, partially offset by lower interest due to 2015 and 2016 debt retirements. (See   Note 8   Debt and Banking Arrangements   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Other income (expense)   net   below   Operating income (loss)   changed unfavorably primarily due to the absence of a $14 million gain on early debt retirement in 2015 and a decrease in allowance for equity funds used during construction (AFUDC) due to decreased spending on Constitution. 
  Provision (benefit) for income taxes   changed favorably due to lower foreign pretax income, including a foreign tax benefit associated with our Canadian operations. See   Note 7   Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the effective tax rates compared to the federal statutory rate for both periods. 
  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests   changed favorably primarily due to project development costs expensed for Constitution and the reduction of Gulfstar One earnings, partially offset by higher earnings from Cardinal.  
  Period-Over-Period Operating Results   Segments  
  We evaluate segment operating performance based upon   Modified EBITDA  .    Note 12   Segment Disclosures   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements includes a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to   Net income (loss)  . Management uses   Modified EBITDA   because it is an accepted financial indicator used by investors to compare company performance.  In addition, management believes that this measure provides investors an enhanced perspective of the operating performance of our assets.   Modified EBITDA   should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for a measure of performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
   
  Central 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Modified EBITDA   increased primarily due to a decrease in   Segment costs and expenses   related to the decrease in labor-related and outside service costs resulting from our first quarter workforce reductions and ongoing cost containment efforts, partially offset by a decrease in   Service revenues  . 
  Service revenues   decreased primarily due to lower volumes in the Barnett area, lower rates in the Eagle Ford area as a result of the redetermination of a cost of service contract, and lower volumes partially offset by higher rates in the Anadarko area. These decreases were partially offset by higher rates and volumes in the Haynesville area primarily attributable to a new contract executed in 2015. 
  Segment costs and expenses   decreased primarily due to a decrease in labor-related and outside service costs resulting from our first quarter workforce reductions and ongoing cost containment efforts, as well as the absence of ACMP Merger and transition expenses in 2016. 
  Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. nine months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Modified EBITDA   increased primarily due to a decrease in   Segment costs and expenses   related to a decrease in ACMP Merger and transition expenses in 2016 as well as lower labor-related and outside service costs resulting from  
  
   43 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

our first quarter workforce reductions and ongoing cost containment efforts, partially offset by a $48 million impairment of certain Mid-Continent gathering assets in 2016 and lower   Service revenues  . 
  Service revenues   decreased primarily due to lower volumes in the Barnett area, lower volumes partially offset by higher rates in the Anadarko area, and lower rates in the Eagle Ford area as a result of the redetermination of a cost of service contract. These decreases were partially offset by higher rates and volumes in the Haynesville area primarily attributable to a new contract executed in 2015. 
  Segment costs and expenses   decreased primarily due to a $42 million decrease in ACMP Merger and transition expenses and lower labor-related and outside service costs resulting from our first quarter workforce reductions and ongoing cost containment efforts. 
  Impairment of long-lived assets   increased primarily due to a $48 million impairment of certain Mid-Continent gathering assets in 2016. 
   
  Northeast G P 

Three months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   three months ended September 30, 2015     
  Modified EBITDA   increased primarily due to higher gathering revenues driven by higher volumes in the Susquehanna Supply Hub and the Utica Shale. 
  Service revenues     increased primarily due to $12 million higher gathering revenues, reflecting higher volumes in the Susquehanna Supply Hub from fewer producer shut-ins associated with improved regional natural gas prices and higher volumes in the Utica Shale from new well connections and additional compression. These increases were partially offset by a $6 million decrease in our Ohio Valley Midstream operations associated with lower volumes and rates from the impact of producer shut-ins and temporarily reduced gathering and processing rates with certain producers, partially offset by new well connections. 
  Product sales   increased primarily due to $17 million higher marketing sales due primarily to higher non-ethane prices. The changes in marketing revenues are offset by similar changes in marketing purchases, reflected above as   Product costs  . 
  Product costs   increased primarily due to $18 million higher marketing costs due primarily to higher non-ethane prices. The changes in marketing purchases are offset by similar changes in marketing revenues, reflected above as   Product sales  . 
  
   44 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Proportional Modified EBITDA of equity-method investments   changed favorably due to improved results at UEOM associated with higher processing volumes. Appalachia Midstream Investments reflect lower operating results, offset by lower impairments in 2016. 
  Nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   vs.   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Modified EBITDA   increased primarily due to improvements in   Proportional Modified EBITDA of equity-method investments   driven by higher volumes and the absence of certain impairments from 2015, higher service revenues, lower impairment charges, and lower operating and maintenance expenses. 
  Service revenues     include a $17 million increase in Utica Shale gathering revenues primarily due to growth in volumes associated with new well connects, and a $16 million increase in Susquehanna Supply Hub gathering revenues resulting from fewer producer shut-ins associated with improved regional natural gas prices.  In addition, fee-based revenues increased due to higher reimbursements for management services from certain equity-method investees.  The increase in service revenues was partially offset by a $32 million decrease from our Ohio Valley Midstream operations associated with lower volumes and rates driven by producer shut-ins and temporarily reduced gathering and processing rates with certain producers. 
  Other segment costs and expenses    decreased primarily due to a $25 million decrease in operating and maintenance expenses primarily resulting from lower costs related to supplies, outside services, and repairs, partially offset by slightly higher general and administrative expenses.  
  Impairment of long-lived assets   changed favorably primarily due to lower impairment charges associated with certain surplus equipment within our Ohio Valley Midstream business.  (See   Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Proportional Modified EBITDA of equity-method investments   changed favorably due to a $20 million increase from UEOM associated with higher processing volumes and an increase in our ownership percentage, and a $14 million increase from Caiman II resulting from higher volumes due to assets placed into service in 2015.  These increases were partially offset by a $12 million decrease from  Appalachia Midstream Investments primarily due to lower fee revenues driven by lower rates, partially offset by lower impairments in 2016 and higher volumes.   
   
  Atlantic-Gulf 

Three months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   three months ended September 30, 2015 
  Modified EBITDA   increased slightly primarily due to higher service revenues, substantially offset by higher segment costs and expenses. 
  Service revenues   increased primarily due to a $26 million increase in eastern Gulf Coast region fee revenues primarily due to higher volumes, including a temporary increase related to disrupted operations of a competitor, the impact of new volumes at Gulfstar One related to the Gunflint expansion being placed in service in the third quarter of 2016, and higher volumes at Devils Tower related to Kodiak field production which began earlier this year, partially  
  
   45 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

offset by lower volumes from the Tubular Bells development due primarily to well outages. Additionally, Transco s natural gas transportation fee revenues increased $12 million primarily associated with expansion projects placed in service in 2015 and 2016.  
  Product sales   increased primarily due to: 
             
    A $14 million increase in crude oil and NGL marketing revenues. Crude oil marketing sales increased $11 million primarily due to higher volumes, partially offset by 23 percent lower crude oil per barrel sales prices. NGL marketing sales increased $3 million primarily due to a 21 percent increase in non-ethane per-unit sales prices. These changes in marketing revenues are offset by similar changes in marketing purchases; 
                
    A $14 million increase in revenues from our equity NGLs primarily due to higher volumes driven by a temporary increase in volumes due to disrupted operations of a competitor; 
                
    A $13 million decrease in system management gas sales from Transco. System management gas sales are offset in   Product costs     and, therefore, have no impact on   Modified EBITDA. 
     Product costs   increased primarily due to: 
             
    A $15 million increase in marketing purchases (offset in   Product sales  ); 
                
    A $12 million increase in natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity NGLs primarily due to higher volumes; 
                
    A $13 million decrease in system management gas costs (offset in   Product sales  )  . 
     Other segment costs and expenses   increased due to higher operating expenses primarily related to higher contract services for pipeline  testing and general maintenance at Transco. In addition, project development costs at Constitution are higher as we discontinued capitalization of these costs in April 2016, and AFUDC also changed unfavorably associated with a decrease in spending on Constitution.  
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   nine months ended September 30, 2015    
  Modified EBITDA   increased primarily due to higher earnings at Discovery due to the completion of the Keathley Canyon Connector in the first quarter of 2015 and higher service revenues, partially offset by higher segment costs and expenses. 
  Service revenues   increased primarily due to: 
             
    A  $66 million increase in Transco s natural gas transportation fee revenues primarily associated with expansion projects placed in service in 2015 and 2016, partially offset by lower volume-based transportation services revenues; 
                
    A $15 million decrease in Transco s storage revenue related to potential refunds associated with a ruling received in certain rate case litigation in 2016; 
                
    A $15 million decrease in eastern Gulf Coast region fee revenues primarily related to lower volumes, including the impact of 2016 producers  operational issues and suspending operations in order to facilitate the tie-in of the Gunflint expansion at Gulfstar One. This decrease was partially offset by new volumes at Gulfstar One related to the Gunflint expansion placed in service in the third quarter of 2016, a temporary increase in volumes related to disrupted operations of a competitor, and higher volumes at Devils Tower related to Kodiak field production which began earlier this year; 
                
    A $13 million decrease in western Gulf Coast region fee revenues primarily related to lower volumes associated with producer maintenance in 2016 and natural declines in certain production areas.  
     
   46 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Product sales   decreased primarily due to: 
             
    A $34 million decrease in system management gas sales from Transco. System management gas sales are offset in   Product costs     and, therefore, have no impact on   Modified EBITDA; 
                
    A $33 million decrease in crude oil and NGL marketing revenues. Crude oil marketing sales decreased $17 million primarily due to 27 percent lower crude oil per barrel sales prices, partially offset by higher volumes. NGL marketing sales also decreased $16 million primarily due to a lower non-ethane volumes and per-unit sales prices. These changes in marketing revenues are offset by similar changes in marketing purchases; 
                
    A $15 million increase in revenues from our equity NGLs primarily due to higher volumes driven by a temporary increase in volumes due to disrupted operations of a competitor, partially offset by lower prices.  
     Product costs   decreased primarily due to: 
             
    A $34 million decrease in system management gas costs (offset in   Product sales  )  ; 
                
    A $36 million decrease in marketing purchases (substantially offset in   Product sales  ); 
                
    A $13 million increase in natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity NGLs primarily due to higher volumes. 
     The increase in   Other segment costs and expenses   includes $24 million higher operating expenses primarily due to higher contract services for pipeline testing and general maintenance, as well as higher operating taxes, at Transco, and $19 million higher Constitution project development costs as we discontinued capitalization of these costs beginning in April 2016. AFUDC also changed unfavorably by $12 million associated with a decrease in spending on Constitution, and $8 million was incurred in first-quarter 2016 for severance and related costs associated with workforce reductions. These increases are partially offset by $19 million lower general and administrative expenses driven by first-quarter 2016 workforce reductions and ongoing cost containment efforts, as well as a favorable change in the deferral of asset retirement obligation-related depreciation to a regulatory asset. 
  The increase in   Proportional Modified EBITDA of equity-method investments   includes a $25 million increase from Discovery primarily due to higher fee revenues attributable to the completion of the Keathley Canyon Connector in the first quarter of 2015. 
   
  West 

Three months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   three months ended September 30, 2015 
  Modified EBITDA   decreased slightly primarily due to reduced fee revenues.   
  
   47 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Service revenues   decreased primarily due to $7 million in reduced gathering and processing fees in the Four Corners region associated with system downtime and lower gathering volumes in the Piceance region due to reduced producer activity. 
  Product sales   increased primarily due to a $9 million increase in revenues associated with our equity NGLs due to increased sales from inventory and higher non-ethane prices. 
  Product costs   increased primarily due to a $5 million increase in natural gas volumes attributable to sales from inventory.   
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   nine months ended September 30, 2015 
  Modified EBITDA   decreased slightly primarily due to lower fee revenues associated with lower volumes and rates,   offset by lower operational costs. 
  Service revenues   decreased primarily due to a $19 million reduction associated with lower gathering volumes in the Piceance region attributable to reduced producer activity and lower gathering and processing fees in the Four Corners region associated with system downtime and a natural decline in producer volumes.  These reductions are partially offset by increased gathering and processing revenues of $14 million associated with higher gathering and processing rates in our Niobrara operations. 
  Product sales   increased primarily due to a $7 million increase in marketing revenues due to higher non-ethane volumes (offset in   Product costs  ) and an increase in revenues from our equity NGLs associated with higher NGL volumes,  partially offset by lower NGL prices and a reduction in other sales. 
  Product costs   increased primarily due to a $7 million increase in NGL marketing purchases due to higher non-ethane volumes (offset in   Product sales)  . 
  Other segment costs and expenses   decreased due to lower labor-related costs driven by first-quarter 2016 workforce reductions and lower major maintenance and operating charges.   
   
  NGL   Petchem Services 

Three months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   three months ended September 30, 2015    
  Modified EBITDA   increased primarily due to higher olefin margins associated with favorable prices at our Geismar facility and higher service revenues due to the expansion of our Redwater facilities in Canada, partially offset by a $32 million loss on sale of our Canadian operations. (See   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  
   48 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Service revenues   improved primarily due to the expansion of our Redwater facilities in March 2016 to provide transportation and fractionation services associated with the Williams Horizon liquids extraction plant. These operations were sold in late September 2016.   
  Product sales     increased     primarily due to: 
             
    A $71 million increase in marketing revenues primarily due to higher natural gas and non-ethane volumes, partially offset by lower natural gas prices (substantially offset by higher   Product costs  ); 
                
    A $28 million increase in olefin sales primarily due to a $27 million increase from our Geismar plant reflecting $24 million in primarily higher ethylene prices. 
     Product costs   increased primarily due to: 
             
    A $64 million increase in marketing product costs primarily due to higher natural gas and non-ethane volumes, partially offset by lower per-unit natural gas costs (more than offset by higher   Product sales  ); 
                
    A $5 million decrease in olefin feedstock purchases primarily due to lower propylene production volumes. 
     The increase in   Other segment costs and expenses   is primarily due to a $32 million loss on the sale of our Canadian operations in September 2016.  
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   nine months ended September 30, 2015    
  Modified EBITDA   decreased primarily due to the impairment of our Canadian operations, lower insurance proceeds related to the Geismar Incident, and a $32 million loss on the sale of the Canadian operations, partially offset by higher olefin margins driven by higher production levels at the Geismar facility in 2016 than in 2015 and higher service revenues associated with the expansion of our Redwater facilities in Canada. 
  Service revenues   improved primarily due to the expansion of our Redwater facilities in March 2016 to provide transportation and fractionation services associated with the Williams Horizon liquids extraction plant. These operations were sold in late September 2016.  
  Product sales   increased primarily due to: 
             
    An $82 million increase in olefin sales comprised of a $152 million increase from our Geismar plant that returned to service in late March 2015, partially offset by a $70 million decrease from our other olefin operations. The increase at Geismar includes $189 million associated with increased volumes as a result of the plant operating at higher production levels in 2016 than when production resumed in March 2015, partially offset by $37 million in lower per-unit sales prices. The decrease in other olefin sales are associated with both lower volumes and lower per-unit sales prices; 
                
    A $30 million decrease in marketing revenues primarily due to lower prices across all products, particularly non-ethane, partially offset by higher natural gas and non-ethane volumes (more than offset in   Product costs  ); 
                
    A $29 million decrease in Canadian NGL production revenues comprised of a $19 million decrease associated with lower volumes and a $10 million decrease associated with lower prices across all products. The lower volumes are associated with the shut-down and evacuation of our liquids extraction plant because of wild fires in the Fort McMurray area during the second quarter of 2016, as well as a longer period of planned maintenance in 2016. 
     
   49 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Product costs   decreased primarily due to: 
             
    A $37 million decrease in marketing product costs primarily due to lower per-unit costs associated with all products, partially offset by higher natural gas and non-ethane volumes (substantially offset by lower   Product sales  ); 
                
    A $26 million decrease in olefin feedstock purchases is primarily comprised of $81 million in lower purchases at our other olefins operations, partially offset by $55 million of higher purchases due primarily to increased volumes at our Geismar plant resulting from higher productions levels. The lower costs at our other olefin operations are comprised of $57 million in lower per-unit feedstock costs and $24 million in primarily lower propylene volumes; 
                
    A $25 million decrease in NGL product costs due to a $14 million decrease in primarily propane and ethane volumes and an $11 million decrease reflecting the decline in the price of natural gas associated with the production of equity NGLs. 
     The increase in   Other segment costs and expenses   is primarily due to a $32 million loss on the sale of our Canadian operations in September 2016  ,   as well as a $19 million unfavorable change in foreign currency exchange that primarily relates to losses on foreign currency transactions and the remeasurement of U.S. dollar denominated current assets and liabilities within our Canadian operations. 
  Net insurance recoveries - Geismar Incident   decreased $126 million as insurance proceeds were received in 2015, while no proceeds were received in 2016. 
  Impairment of long-lived assets   reflects the second-quarter 2016 impairment of our Canadian operations (see         Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees  ).  
  The increase in   Proportional modified EBITDA of equity-method investments   reflects a $14 million improvement at OPPL due primarily to higher transportation volumes, as well as lower expenses in 2016 due to cost reduction efforts. 
  
   50 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Liquidity 
  Outlook 
  We continue to transition to an overall business mix that is increasingly fee-based. Although our cash flows are impacted by fluctuations in energy commodity prices, that impact is somewhat mitigated by certain of our cash flow streams that are not directly impacted by short-term commodity price movements, including: 
             
    Firm demand and capacity reservation transportation revenues under long-term contracts; 
                
    Fee-based revenues from certain gathering and processing services. 
     However, we are indirectly exposed to longer duration depressed energy commodity prices and the related impact on drilling activities and volumes available for gathering and processing services. 
  We believe we have, or have access to, the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet our requirements for working capital, capital and investment expenditures, unitholder distributions, and debt service payments while maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity. In particular, as previously discussed in Company Outlook, our expected growth capital and investment expenditures total approximately $1.9 billion in 2016. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities. We expect additional proceeds from amounts held in escrow from the sale of our Canadian operations by early 2017. (See   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Liquidity 
  Based on our forecasted levels of cash flow from operations and other sources of liquidity, we expect to have sufficient liquidity to manage our businesses in 2016. Our internal and external sources of consolidated liquidity include: 
             
    Cash and cash equivalents on hand; 
                
    Cash generated from operations, including cash distributions from our equity-method investees; 
                
    Cash proceeds from issuances of debt and/or equity securities, including issuances under our equity distribution agreement; 
                
    Distribution reinvestment program (DRIP); 
                
    Use of our credit facilities and/or commercial paper program; 
                
    Transco s January 2016 debt issuance described further below; 
                
    Proceeds from sale of our Canadian operations. (See   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
     We anticipate our more significant uses of cash to be: 
             
    Working capital requirements; 
                
    Maintenance and expansion capital and investment expenditures; 
                
    Interest on our long-term debt; 
                
    Repayment of current debt maturities; 
                
    Quarterly distributions to our unitholders and general partner, including IDRs. 
     
   51 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

We implemented a DRIP in the third quarter of 2016. Williams has announced that it plans to reinvest approximately $1.7 billion in us through 2017. Williams reinvested $250 million in the third quarter of 2016 via a private purchase of common units, and Williams plans to reinvest $250 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 via the DRIP. The remaining $1.2 billion is planned to be reinvested in 2017 via the DRIP. 
  Potential risks associated with our planned levels of liquidity discussed above include those previously discussed in Company Outlook. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a working capital deficit (current liabilities, inclusive of   $785 million   in   Long-term debt due within one year  , in excess of current assets) of $838 million. Our available liquidity is as follows: 

(1) 
    In managing our available liquidity, we do not expect a maximum outstanding amount in excess of the capacity of our credit facility inclusive of any outstanding amounts under our commercial paper program. Through   September 30, 2016  , the highest amount outstanding under our commercial paper program and credit facility during 2016 was $2.326 billion. At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with the financial covenants associated with this credit facility. See   Note 8   Debt and Banking Arrangements   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our commercial paper program. Borrowing capacity available under our $3.5 billion credit facility as of October 28, 2016, was $2.427 billion. 
     On September 24, 2015, we received a special distribution of $396 million from Gulfstream reflecting our proportional share of the proceeds from new debt issued by Gulfstream. The new debt was issued to refinance Gulfstream s debt maturities. Subsequently, we contributed $248 million and $148 million to Gulfstream for our proportional share of amounts necessary to fund debt maturities of $500 million due on November 1, 2015, and $300 million due on June 1, 2016, respectively. 
  Incentive Distribution Rights 
  Williams  ownership interest in us includes the right to incentive distributions determined in accordance with our partnership agreement. In connection with the sale of our Canadian operations in the third quarter of 2016, Williams agreed to waive $150 million of incentive distributions otherwise payable by us to Williams in the fourth quarter of 2016. (See   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Williams has also agreed to temporarily waive incentive distributions of approximately $2 million per quarter in connection with our acquisition of an approximate 13 percent additional interest in UEOM on June 10, 2015. The waiver will continue through the quarter ending September 30, 2017. 
  Williams was required to pay us a $428 million termination fee associated with the Termination Agreement (as described in   Note 1   General, Description of Business, and Basis of Presentation   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), which settled through a reduction of quarterly incentive distributions payable to Williams (such reduction not to exceed $209 million per quarter). The November 2015, February 2016, and May 2016 distributions to Williams were reduced by $209 million, $209 million, and $10 million, respectively, related to this termination fee. 
  Debt Issuances and Retirements 
  Northwest Pipeline retired $175 million of 7 percent senior unsecured notes that matured on June 15, 2016. 
  Transco retired $200 million of 6.4 percent senior unsecured notes that matured on April 15, 2016. 
  
   52 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

On January 22, 2016, Transco issued $1 billion of 7.85 percent senior unsecured notes due 2026 to investors in a private debt placement. Transco used the net proceeds from the offering to repay debt and to fund capital expenditures. 
  Registrations 
  In September 2016, we filed a registration statement for our new DRIP. (See   Note 9   Partners  Capital   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  In February 2015, we filed a shelf registration statement, as a well-known seasoned issuer, and we also filed a shelf registration statement for the offer and sale from time to time of common units representing limited partner interests in us having an aggregate offering price of up to $1 billion. These sales are to be made over a period of time and from time to time in transactions at prices which are market prices prevailing at the time of sale, prices related to market price, or at negotiated prices. Such sales are to be made pursuant to an equity distribution agreement between us and certain banks who may act as sales agents or purchase for their own accounts as principals. From February 2015 through   September 30, 2016  , we have received net proceeds of approximately $59 million from equity issued under this registration. 
  Distributions from Equity-Method Investees 
  The organizational documents of entities in which we have an equity-method investment generally require distribution of their available cash to their members on a quarterly basis. In each case, available cash is reduced, in part, by reserves appropriate for operating their respective businesses. 
  Credit Ratings 
  Our ability to borrow money is impacted by our credit ratings. Our current ratings are as follows: 
                           Rating Agency 
      
    Outlook 
      
    Senior Unsecured 
  Debt Rating 
      
    Corporate Credit Rating 
      S P Global Ratings 
      
    Negative 
      
    BBB- 
      
    BBB- 
      Moody s Investors Service 
      
    Negative 
      
    Baa3 
      
    N/A 
      Fitch Ratings 
      
    Stable 
      
    BBB- 
      
    N/A 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we estimate that a downgrade to a rating below investment grade could require us to post up to $447 million in additional collateral with third parties. 
  Cash Distributions to Unitholders 
  The Board of Directors of our general partner declared a cash distribution of   $0.85   per common unit on October 25, 2016  , to be paid on November 14, 2016, to unitholders of record at the close of business on November 4, 2016.  
  Sources (Uses) of Cash 
  The following table summarizes the increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents for each of the periods presented: 

53 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Operating activities 
  The factors that determine operating activities are largely the same as those that affect   Net income (loss)  , with the exception of noncash items such as   Depreciation and amortization  ,   Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes  ,   Impairment of equity-method investments  , and     Impairment of and net (gain) loss on sale of assets and businesses  .   Our     Net cash provided (used) by operating activities     in 2016 increased from 2015 primarily due to the impact of higher operating income and net favorable changes in operating working capital. 
  Financing activities 
  Significant transactions include: 
            Investing activities 
  Significant transactions include: 
               
    $112 million in 2015 paid to purchase a gathering system comprised of approximately 140 miles of pipeline and a sour gas compression facility in the Eagle Ford shale; 
       
   54 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Guarantees of Debt or Other Commitments 
  We have various other guarantees and commitments which are disclosed in   Note 3   Variable Interest Entities  ,   Note 8   Debt and Banking Arrangements  ,   Note 10   Fair Value Measurements and Guarantees  , and   Note 11   Contingent Liabilities   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We do not believe these guarantees and commitments or the possible fulfillment of them will prevent us from meeting our liquidity needs. 
  
   55 

Item 3 
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  Our current interest rate risk exposure is related primarily to our debt portfolio and has not materially changed during the first   nine   months of   2016  . 
  Foreign Currency Risk 
  In September 2016, we disposed of our Canadian operations, which comprised all of our foreign operations. We continue to be exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates due to local currency denominated proceeds in escrow and contingent consideration associated with that disposition. (See   Note 2   Divestiture   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 

56 

Item 4 
  Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, including our general partner s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act) (Disclosure Controls) or our internal control over financial reporting (Internal Controls) will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Williams Partners L.P. have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We monitor our Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls and make modifications as necessary; our intent in this regard is that the Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls will be modified as systems change and conditions warrant. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls was performed as of the end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our general partner s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our general partner s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these Disclosure Controls are effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes during the   third   quarter of   2016   that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  Environmental 
  Certain reportable legal proceedings involving governmental authorities under federal, state, and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment are described below. While it is not possible for us to predict the final outcome of the proceedings which are still pending, we do not anticipate a material effect on our consolidated financial position if we receive an unfavorable outcome in any one or more of such proceedings. 
  In November 2013, we became aware of deficiencies with the air permit for the Fort Beeler gas processing facility located in West Virginia. We notified the EPA and the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection and worked to bring the Fort Beeler facility into full compliance. On April 26, 2016, the EPA executed a consent order resolving various air permitting and emissions issues requiring payment of $140,000 in civil penalties which was paid on May 13, 2016. We do not anticipate penalties being imposed by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection. 
  
   57 

On January 21, 2016, we received a Compliance Order from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection requiring the correction of several alleged deficiencies arising out of the construction of the Springville Gathering Line, the Pennsylvania Mainline Gathering Line, and the 2008 Core Zone Gathering Line. The Order also identifies civil penalties in the amount of approximately $712,000. We are working with the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection to address certain issues and are in the process of negotiating the Order and the associated penalty. 
  Other 
  The additional information called for by this item is provided in   Note 11   Contingent Liabilities   of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this report, which information is incorporated by reference into this item. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016, include certain risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. Except as listed below, the risk factors stated in our periodic reports remain applicable, however, the risk factors listed below pertaining to the ETC Merger are no longer applicable: 

The pendency of the proposed ETC Merger between Energy Transfer and Williams could adversely affect our business and operations. 

The notes we acquired from ACMP in the ACMP Merger contain provisions that would require us to make an offer to repurchase such notes should our credit be downgraded within a period of ninety days following the completion of the proposed ETC Merger. 
      
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
  On August 26, 2016, we entered into a Common Unit Purchase Agreement with Williams providing for the issuance and sale to Williams of 6,975,446 common units representing limited partner interests in us in a private placement transaction in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. The sale of the common units closed on August 30, 2016.  The common units were sold for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $250 million, representing the reinvestment of a portion of the quarterly cash distribution received by Williams from us on August 12, 2016. The price per common unit of $35.84 was equal to the average of the high and low trading prices of our common units on the New York Stock Exchange for each of the five trading days from August 19 to August 25, 2016, less a discount of 2.5 percent per common unit, which price per common unit was calculated using the same method and discount that initially will be used to determine the price of the common units to be issued pursuant to our DRIP.  The sale proceeds were used to repay amounts outstanding under our credit facility and for general partnership purposes.    

58 

Item 6. Exhibits  

59 

Exhibit 
  No. 

Description 

Exhibit 3.11 

Amendment No. 6 to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Williams Partners L.P., dated September 28, 2015 (filed on September 28, 2015 as Exhibit 3.1 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
    
      Exhibit 3.12 

Amendment No. 7 to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Williams Partners L.P., dated October 12, 2016 (filed on October 13, 2016 as Exhibit 3 to Williams Partners L.P s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34831 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      *Exhibit 3.13 

Composite Agreement of Limited Partnership of Williams Partners L.P.  
      Exhibit 3.14 

Certificate of Formation of Chesapeake Midstream GP, L.L.C. (filed on February 16, 2010 as Exhibit 3.3 to Williams Partners L.P. s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-164905) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 3.15 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Chesapeake Midstream GP,  L.L.C. (filed on July 30, 2012 as Exhibit 3.5 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 3.16 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Access Midstream Partners GP, L.L.C. (filed on February 3, 2015 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 3.17 

Composite Certificate of Formation of WPZ GP LLC  (filed on February 25, 2015 as Exhibit 3.14 to Williams Partners L.P. s annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 3.18 

Eighth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WPZ GP LLC (filed on August 2, 2016 as Exhibit 3.17 to Williams Partners L.P. s quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 10.1 

Termination Agreement and Release, dated as of September 28, 2015, by and among The Williams Companies, Inc., SCMS LLC, Williams Partners L.P. and WPZ GP LLC (filed on September 28, 2015 as Exhibit 10.1 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      *Exhibit 10.2 

Third Amendment to Equity Distribution Agreement dated August 2, 2016, between Williams Partners L.P., WPZ GP LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and MUFJG Securities (USA), Inc. 
      *Exhibit 12 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
      *Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      *Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      **Exhibit 32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      *Exhibit 101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document. 

60 

Exhibit 
  No. 

Description 

*Exhibit 101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
      *Exhibit 101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
      *Exhibit 101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 
      *Exhibit 101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 
      *Exhibit 101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith. 
                
    Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K., the registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon request. 
     
   61 

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. 
        
    (Registrant) 
        
    By: WPZ GP LLC, its general partner 

/s/ Ted T. Timmermans 
        
    Ted T. Timmermans 
        
    Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

October 31, 2016    

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit 
  No. 

Description 

Exhibit 3.11 

Amendment No. 6 to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Williams Partners L.P., dated September 28, 2015 (filed on September 28, 2015 as Exhibit 3.1 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
    
      Exhibit 3.12 

Amendment No. 7 to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Williams Partners L.P., dated October 12, 2016 (filed on October 13, 2016 as Exhibit 3 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34831 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      *Exhibit 3.13 

Composite Agreement of Limited Partnership of Williams Partners L.P.  
      Exhibit 3.14 

Certificate of Formation of Chesapeake Midstream GP, L.L.C. (filed on February 16, 2010 as Exhibit 3.3 to Williams Partners L.P. s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-164905) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 3.15 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Chesapeake Midstream GP,  L.L.C. (filed on July 30, 2012 as Exhibit 3.5 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 3.16 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Access Midstream Partners GP, L.L.C. (filed on February 3, 2015 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 3.17 

Composite Certificate of Formation of  WPZ GP LLC (filed on February 25, 2015 as Exhibit 3.14 to Williams Partners L.P. s annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      Exhibit 3.18 

Eighth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WPZ GP LLC (filed on August 2, 2016 as Exhibit 3.17 to Williams Partners L.P. s quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference).  
      Exhibit 10.1 

Termination Agreement and Release, dated as of September 28, 2015, by and among The Williams Companies, Inc., SCMS LLC, Williams Partners L.P. and WPZ GP LLC (filed on September 28, 2015 as Exhibit 10.1 to Williams Partners L.P. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-34831) and incorporated herein by reference). 
      *Exhibit 10.2 

Third Amendment to Equity Distribution Agreement dated August 2, 2016, between Williams Partners L.P., WPZ GP LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and MUFJG Securities (USA), Inc. 
    
      *Exhibit 12 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
      *Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      *Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      **Exhibit 32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      *Exhibit 101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document. 

Exhibit 
  No. 

Description 

*Exhibit 101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
      *Exhibit 101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
      *Exhibit 101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 
      *Exhibit 101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 
      *Exhibit 101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith. 
                
    Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K., the registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon request.  

<EX-3.13>
 2
 wpz_20160930xex313.htm
 EX-3.13

Exhibit 

COMPOSITE 
  AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
  OF 
  WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.      (as amended as of July 24, 2012, December 20, 2012, January 29, 2015,  
  February 2, 2015, June 10, 2015, September 28, 2015 and October 12, 2016) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I        DEFINITIONS 
    ARTICLE II        ORGANIZATION 
             Section 2.3 
    Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices    22 
        ARTICLE III        RIGHTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS 
             Section 3.3 
    Outside Activities of the Limited Partners    23 
      ARTICLE IV        CERTIFICATES; RECORD HOLDERS; TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS;  REDEMPTION OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
            Section 4.2 
    Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates    24 
                Section 4.5 
    Registration and Transfer of Limited Partner Interests    25 
              Section 4.6 
    Transfer of the General Partner s General Partner Interest    26 
              Section 4.7 
    Transfer of Incentive Distribution Rights    26 
               Section 4.9 
    Eligibility Certificates; Ineligible Holders    28 
              Section 4.10 
    Redemption of Partnership Interests of Ineligible Holders    29 
     ARTICLE V        CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
            Section 5.2 
    Contributions by the General Partner and its Affiliates    30 
              Section 5.3 
    Contributions by Initial Limited Partners    30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Section 5.6 
    Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests    33 
              Section 5.7 
    Conversion of Subordinated Units    34 
                Section 5.10 
    Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Nature of Limited Partner Interests    35 
              Section 5.11 
    Issuance of Common Units in Connection with Reset of Incentive Distribution Rights    35 
               Section 5.13 
    Establishment of Subordinated Class C Units    38 
              Section 5.14 
    Transfers of Convertible Class B Units and Subordinated Class C Units.    41 
     ARTICLE VI        ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
           Section 6.1 
    Allocations for Capital Account Purposes    41 
               Section 6.3 
    Requirement and Characterization of Distributions; Distributions to Record Holders    49 
              Section 6.4 
    Distributions of Available Cash from Operating Surplus    50 
              Section 6.5 
    Distributions of Available Cash from Capital Surplus    53 
              Section 6.6 
    Adjustment of Minimum Quarterly Distribution and Target Distribution Levels    53 
              Section 6.7 
    Special Provisions Relating to the Holders of Subordinated Units    53 
              Section 6.8 
    Special Provisions Relating to the Holders of Incentive Distribution Rights    54 
               Section 6.10 
    Special Provisions Relating to the Holders of Convertible Class B Units.    54 
              Section 6.11 
    Special Provisions Relating to the Holders of Subordinated Class C Units.    54 
              Section 6.12 
    Special Provisions Relating to the Pre-Merger Unit Split and the WPZ Merger    55 
     ARTICLE VII        MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF BUSINESS 
            Section 7.2 
    Certificate of Limited Partnership    57 
              Section 7.3 
    Restrictions on the General Partner s Authority    57 
              Section 7.4 
    Reimbursement of the General Partner    57 
               Section 7.6 
    Loans from the General Partner; Loans or Contributions from the Partnership or Group  
     Members    59 
             Section 7.9 
    Resolution of Conflicts of Interest; Standards of Conduct and Modification of Duties    61 
              Section 7.10 
    Other Matters Concerning the General Partner    63 
       ARTICLE VIII        BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS 
     
   ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE IX        TAX MATTERS 
      ARTICLE X        ADMISSION OF PARTNERS 
             Section 10.3 
    Amendment of Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership    66 
     ARTICLE XI        WITHDRAWAL OR REMOVAL OF PARTNERS 
             Section 11.3 
    Interest of Departing General Partner and Successor General Partner    68 
              Section 11.4 
    Termination of Subordination Period, Conversion of Subordinated Units and Extinguishment 
     of Cumulative Common Unit Arrearages    69 
   ARTICLE XII        DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 
            Section 12.2 
    Continuation of the Business of the Partnership After Dissolution    70 
                Section 12.5 
    Cancellation of Certificate of Limited Partnership    71 
        ARTICLE XIII        AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; MEETINGS; RECORD DATE 
           Section 13.1 
    Amendments to be Adopted Solely by the General Partner    71 
                    Section 13.8 
    Waiver of Notice; Approval of Meeting; Approval of Minutes    74 
      
   iii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE XIV        MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR CONVERSION 
            Section 14.2 
    Procedure for Merger, Consolidation or Conversion    76 
                Section 14.5 
    Effect of Merger, Consolidation or Conversion    78 
     ARTICLE XV        RIGHT TO ACQUIRE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
   ARTICLE XVI        GENERAL PROVISIONS 
           Section 16.1 
    Addresses and Notices; Written Communications    80 
                     Section 16.9 
    Applicable Law; Forum, Venue and Jurisdiction    81 

iv 

COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF      WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. 
  ARTICLE I     DEFINITIONS 
  Section 1.1      Definitions  .  The following definitions shall be for all purposes, unless otherwise clearly indicated to the contrary, applied to the terms used in this Agreement. 
     2014 Merger Agreement    means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 24, 2014 by and among the Partnership, the General Partner, VHMS LLC, WPZ, and Williams Partners GP LLC, as may be amended. 
     Acquisition    means any transaction in which any Group Member acquires (through an asset acquisition, merger, stock acquisition or other form of investment) control over all or a portion of the assets, properties or business of another Person for the purpose of increasing or expanding, for a period exceeding the short-term, the operating capacity or operating income of the Partnership Group from the operating capacity or operating income of the Partnership Group existing immediately prior to such transaction.  For purposes of this definition, the short-term generally refers to a period not exceeding 12 months. 
     Additional Book Basis    means the portion of any remaining Carrying Value of an Adjusted Property that is attributable to positive adjustments made to such Carrying Value as a result of Book-Up Events.  For purposes of determining the extent that Carrying Value constitutes Additional Book Basis: 
  (a)    Any negative adjustment made to the Carrying Value of an Adjusted Property as a result of either a Book-Down Event or a Book Up Event shall first be deemed to offset or decrease that portion of the Carrying Value of such Adjusted Property that is attributable to any prior positive adjustments made thereto pursuant to a Book-Up Event or Book-Down Event. 
  (b)    If Carrying Value that constitutes Additional Book Basis is reduced as a result of a Book-Down Event and the Carrying Value of other property is increased as a result of such Book-Down Event, an allocable portion of any such increase in Carrying Value shall be treated as Additional Book Basis;   provided  , that the amount treated as Additional Book Basis pursuant hereto as a result of such Book-Down Event shall not exceed the amount by which the Aggregate Remaining Net Positive Adjustments after such Book-Down Event exceeds the remaining Additional Book Basis attributable to all of the Partnership s Adjusted Property after such Book-Down Event (determined without regard to the application of this clause (b) to such Book-Down Event). 
     Additional Book Basis Derivative Items    means any Book Basis Derivative Items that are computed with reference to Additional Book Basis.  To the extent that the Additional Book Basis attributable to all of the Partnership s Adjusted Property as of the beginning of any taxable period exceeds the Aggregate Remaining Net Positive Adjustments as of the beginning of such period (the    Excess Additional Book Basis   ), the Additional Book Basis Derivative Items for such period shall be reduced by the amount that bears the same ratio to the amount of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items determined without regard to this sentence as the Excess Additional Book Basis bears to the Additional Book Basis as of the beginning of such period.  With respect to a Disposed of Adjusted Property, the Additional Book Basis Derivative items shall be the amount of Additional Book Basis taken into account in computing gain or loss from the disposition of such Disposed of Adjusted Property. 
     Adjusted Capital Account    means the Capital Account maintained for each Partner as of the end of each taxable period of the Partnership, (a) increased by any amounts that such Partner is obligated to restore under the standards set by Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(ii)(c) (or is deemed obligated to restore under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 2(g) and 1.704 2(i)(5)) and (b) decreased by (i) the amount of all losses and deductions that, as of the end of such taxable period, are reasonably expected to be allocated to such Partner in subsequent taxable periods under Sections 704(e)(2) and 706(d) of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.751 1(b)(2)(ii), and (ii) the amount of all distributions that, as of the end of such taxable period, are reasonably expected to be made to such Partner  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

in subsequent taxable periods in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or otherwise to the extent they exceed offsetting increases to such Partner s Capital Account that are reasonably expected to occur during (or prior to) the taxable period in which such distributions are reasonably expected to be made (other than increases as a result of a minimum gain chargeback pursuant to Section 6.1(d)(i) or 6.1(d)(ii)).  The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account is intended to comply with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.  The  Adjusted Capital Account  of a Partner in respect of any Partnership Interest shall be the amount that such Adjusted Capital Account would be if such Partnership Interest were the only interest in the Partnership held by such Partner from and after the date on which such Partnership Interest was first issued. 
     Adjusted Operating Surplus    means, with respect to any period, (a) Operating Surplus generated with respect to such period; (b) less (i) the amount of any net increase in Working Capital Borrowings (or the Partnership s proportionate share of any net increase in Working Capital Borrowings in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) with respect to that period; and (ii) the amount of any net decrease in cash reserves (or the Partnership s proportionate share of any net decrease in cash reserves in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) for Operating Expenditures with respect to such period not relating to an Operating Expenditure made with respect to such period; and (c) plus (i) the amount of any net decrease in Working Capital Borrowings (or the Partnership s proportionate share of any net decrease in Working Capital Borrowings in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) with respect to that period; (ii) the amount of any net increase in cash reserves (or the Partnership s proportionate share of any net increase in cash reserves in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) for Operating Expenditures with respect to such period required by any debt instrument for the repayment of principal, interest or premium; and (iii) any net decrease made in subsequent periods in cash reserves for Operating Expenditures initially established with respect to such period to the extent such decrease results in a reduction in Adjusted Operating Surplus in subsequent periods pursuant to clause (b)(ii) above.  Adjusted Operating Surplus does not include that portion of Operating Surplus included in clause (a)(i) of the definition of Operating Surplus;   provided  , that to the extent that actual volumes of natural gas delivered to the gathering systems of the Partnership (associated with a Minimum Volume Commitment) in a particular Quarter or Quarters are less than the prorated (in Quarterly amounts) Minimum Volume Commitment amount for such period, the General Partner may add to Adjusted Operating Surplus for such period an amount equal to such shortfall in actual volumes delivered multiplied by the applicable gathering rate as set forth in the gas gathering or similar agreement (the    Quarterly Estimated Shortfall Payment   ).  The Quarterly Estimated Shortfall Payment shall be adjusted each subsequent Quarter based on the level of actual volumes delivered for such subsequent Quarter and the preceding Quarters of the period that remain subject to a Minimum Volume Commitment (as compared to the prorated Minimum Volume Commitment for such period).  If the sum of Quarterly Estimated Shortfall Payments in respect of a Minimum Volume Commitment Period is greater than the aggregate shortfall amount actually paid with respect to a Minimum Volume Commitment period as finally determined, and Subordinated Units remain outstanding, then Adjusted Operating Surplus shall be adjusted in each such Quarter to give effect to the shortfall amount actually paid as if it had been paid in such Quarter to cover the shortfall in such Quarter.  With respect to a Quarter in which a shortfall amount under a Minimum Volume Commitment is actually paid, Adjusted Operating Surplus shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of Adjusted Operating Surplus previously added by the General Partner with respect to such Minimum Volume Commitment Period pursuant to this proviso. 
     Adjusted Property    means any property the Carrying Value of which has been adjusted pursuant to Section 5.5(d)(i) or 5.5(d)(ii). 
     Affiliate    means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Person in question.  As used herein, the term  control  means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.  Without limiting the foregoing, for purposes of this Agreement, any Person that, individually or together with its Affiliates, has the direct or indirect right to designate or cause the designation of at least one member to the Board of Directors of the General Partner, and any such Person s Affiliates, shall be deemed to be Affiliates of the General Partner.  Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, the GIP Entities and their respective Affiliates (other than the General Partner or any Group Member), on the one hand, and CHK and its Affiliates (other than the General Partner or any Group Member), on the other hand, will not be deemed to be Affiliates of one another hereunder unless there is a basis for  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  2 

such Affiliation independent of their respective Affiliation with any Group Member, the General Partner or any Affiliate (disregarding the immediately preceding sentence) of any Group Member or the General Partner. 
     Aggregate Quantity of IDR Reset Common Units    is defined in Section 5.11(a). 
     Aggregate Remaining Net Positive Adjustments    means, as of the end of any taxable period, the sum of the Remaining Net Positive Adjustments of all the Partners. 
     Agreed Allocation    means any allocation, other than a Required Allocation, of an item of income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.1, including a Curative Allocation (if appropriate to the context in which the term  Agreed Allocation  is used). 
     Agreed Value    of any Contributed Property means the fair market value of such property at the time of contribution and in the case of an Adjusted Property, the fair market value of such Adjusted Property on the date of the revaluation event as described in Section 5.5(d), in both cases as determined by the General Partner.  In making such determination, the General Partner shall use such method as it determines to be appropriate. 
     Agreement    means the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Williams Partners L.P., as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
        Associate    means, when used to indicate a relationship with any Person, (a) any corporation or organization of which such Person is a director, officer, manager, general partner or managing member or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of 20% or more of any class of voting stock or other voting interest; (b) any trust or other estate in which such Person has at least a 20% beneficial interest or as to which such Person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (c) any relative or spouse of such Person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same principal residence as such Person. 
     Available Cash    means, with respect to any Quarter ending prior to the Liquidation Date: 
  (a)    the sum of (i) all cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership Group (or the Partnership s proportionate share of cash and cash equivalents in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) on hand at the end of such Quarter, and (ii) if the General Partner so determines, all or any portion of any additional cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership Group (or the Partnership s proportionate share of cash and cash equivalents in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) on hand on the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter resulting from Working Capital Borrowings made subsequent to the end of such Quarter, less 
  (b)    the amount of any cash reserves established by the General Partner (or the Partnership s proportionate share of cash reserves in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) to (i) provide for the proper conduct of the business of the Partnership Group (including reserves for future capital expenditures and for anticipated future credit needs of the Partnership Group) subsequent to such Quarter, (ii) comply with applicable law or any loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, debt instrument or other agreement or obligation to which any Group Member is a party or by which it is bound or its assets are subject or (iii) provide funds for distributions under Section 6.4 or 6.5 in respect of any one or more of the next four Quarters; 
  provided  ,   however  , that the General Partner may not establish cash reserves pursuant to clause (iii) above if the effect of such reserves would be that the Partnership is unable to distribute the Minimum Quarterly Distribution on all Common Units, plus any Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage on all Common Units, with respect to such Quarter; and,   provided further  , that disbursements made by a Group Member or cash reserves established, increased or reduced after the end of such Quarter but on or before the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall be deemed to have been made, established, increased or reduced, for purposes of determining Available Cash, within such Quarter if the General Partner so determines. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Available Cash  with respect to the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date occurs and any subsequent Quarter shall equal zero. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  3 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the WPZ Merger is consummated prior to the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to the Quarter immediately preceding the consummation of the WPZ Merger, the cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership Group on hand on the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall include the WPZ Available Cash Amount. 
     Board of Directors    means, with respect to the Board of Directors of the General Partner, its board of directors or board of managers, as applicable, if a corporation or limited liability company, or if a limited partnership, the board of directors or board of managers of the general partner of the General Partner. 
     Book Basis Derivative Items    means any item of income, deduction, gain or loss that is computed with reference to the Carrying Value of an Adjusted Property (e.g., depreciation, depletion, or gain or loss with respect to an Adjusted Property). 
     Book-Down Event    means an event that triggers a negative adjustment to the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant to Section 5.5(d). 
     Book-Tax Disparity    means with respect to any item of Contributed Property or Adjusted Property, as of the date of any determination, the difference between the Carrying Value of such Contributed Property or Adjusted Property and the adjusted basis thereof for federal income tax purposes as of such date.  A Partner s share of the Partnership s Book-Tax Disparities in all of its Contributed Property and Adjusted Property will be reflected by the difference between such Partner s Capital Account balance as maintained pursuant to Section 5.5 and the hypothetical balance of such Partner s Capital Account computed as if it had been maintained strictly in accordance with federal income tax accounting principles. 
     Book-Up Event    means an event that triggers a positive adjustment to the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant to Section 5.5(d). 
     Business Day    means Monday through Friday of each week, except that a legal holiday recognized as such by the government of the United States of America or the State of Oklahoma shall not be regarded as a Business Day. 
     Capital Account    means the capital account maintained for a Partner pursuant to Section 5.5.  The  Capital Account  of a Partner in respect of any Partnership Interest shall be the amount that such Capital Account would be if such Partnership Interest were the only interest in the Partnership held by such Partner from and after the date on which such Partnership Interest was first issued. 
     Capital Contribution    means any cash, cash equivalents or the Net Agreed Value of Contributed Property that a Partner contributes to the Partnership or that is contributed or deemed contributed to the Partnership on behalf of a Partner (including, in the case of an underwritten offering of Units, the amount of any underwriting discounts or commissions). 
     Capital Improvement    means any (a) addition or improvement to the capital assets owned by any Group Member, (b) acquisition of existing, or the construction of new or the improvement or replacement of existing, capital assets (including, without limitation, crude oil or natural gas gathering systems, natural gas treatment or processing plants, natural gas liquids fractionation facilities, storage facilities, pipeline systems, equipment related to compression and/or measurement or other midstream assets or facilities) or (c) capital contribution by a Group Member to a Person that is not a Subsidiary in which a Group Member has an equity interest, or after such capital contribution will have an equity interest, to fund such Group Member s pro rata share of the cost of the addition or improvement to or the acquisition of existing, or the construction of new or the improvement or replacement of existing, capital assets (including, without limitation, crude oil or natural gas gathering systems, natural gas treatment or processing plants, natural gas liquids fractionation facilities, storage facilities, pipeline systems, equipment related to compression and/or measurement or other midstream assets or facilities) by such Person, in each case if such addition, improvement, replacement, acquisition or construction is made to increase for a period longer than the short-term the operating capacity or operating income of the Partnership Group, in the case of clauses (a) and (b), or such Person, in the case of clause (c), from the operating capacity or operating income of the Partnership Group or such Person, as the case may be, existing  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  4 

immediately prior to such addition, improvement, replacement, acquisition or construction.  For purposes of this definition, the short-term generally refers to a period not exceeding 12 months. 
     Capital Surplus    means Available Cash distributed by the Partnership in excess of Operating Surplus, as described in Section 6.3(a). 
     Carrying Value    means (a) with respect to a Contributed Property or Adjusted Property, the Agreed Value of such property reduced (but not below zero) by all depreciation, amortization and cost recovery deductions charged to the Partners  Capital Accounts in respect of such property, and (b) with respect to any other Partnership property, the adjusted basis of such property for federal income tax purposes, all as of the time of determination;   provided   that the Carrying Value of any property shall be adjusted from time to time in accordance with Sections 5.5(d)(i) and 5.5(d)(ii) and to reflect changes, additions or other adjustments to the Carrying Value for dispositions and acquisitions of Partnership properties, as deemed appropriate by the General Partner. 
     Cause    means a court of competent jurisdiction has entered a final, non-appealable judgment finding the General Partner liable for actual fraud or willful misconduct in its capacity as a general partner of the Partnership. 
     Certificate    means (a) a certificate (i) substantially in the form of Exhibit A to this Agreement, (ii) issued in global form in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Depositary or (iii) in such other form as may be adopted by the General Partner, issued by the Partnership evidencing ownership of one or more Common Units or (b) a certificate, in such form as may be adopted by the General Partner, issued by the Partnership evidencing ownership of one or more other Partnership Interests. 
     Certificate of Limited Partnership    means the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as referenced in Section 7.2, as such Certificate of Limited Partnership may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
     Chesapeake    means Chesapeake Energy Corporation, an Oklahoma corporation. 
     Chesapeake Holdings    means Chesapeake Midstream Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.   Citizenship Eligibility Trigger  is defined in Section 4.9(a)(ii). 
     Closing Date    means the first date on which Common Units are sold by the Partnership to the Underwriters pursuant to the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement. 
     Closing Price    means, in respect of any class of Limited Partner Interests, as of the date of determination, the last sale price on such day, regular way, or in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on such day, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the principal National Securities Exchange on which the respective Limited Partner Interests are listed or admitted to trading or, if such Limited Partner Interests are not listed or admitted to trading on any National Securities Exchange, the last quoted price on such day or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices on such day in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the primary reporting system then in use in relation to such Limited Partner Interests of such class, or, if on any such day such Limited Partner Interests of such class are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on such day as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Limited Partner Interests of such class selected by the General Partner, or if on any such day no market maker is making a market in such Limited Partner Interests of such class, the fair value of such Limited Partner Interests on such day as determined by the General Partner. 
     CMO Common Unit    means a Common Unit issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. 
     CMO Common Unit Price    means the price paid per CMO Common Unit in the Subscription Agreement. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  5 

Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect from time to time.  Any reference herein to a specific section or sections of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any corresponding provision of any successor law. 
     Combined Interest    is defined in Section 11.3(a). 
     Commences Commercial Service    means the date a Capital Improvement is first put into commercial service following completion of construction, acquisition, development and testing, as applicable. 
     Commission    means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
     Common Unit    means a Partnership Interest representing a fractional part of the Partnership Interests of all Limited Partners, and having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Common Units in this Agreement.  The term  Common Unit  does not refer to or include any Subordinated Unit prior to its conversion into a Common Unit pursuant to the terms hereof.  Neither a Convertible Class B Unit nor a Subordinated Class C Unit will constitute a Common Unit until the applicable Conversion Date. 
     Common Unit Arrearage    means, with respect to any Common Unit, whenever issued, with respect to any Quarter within the Subordination Period, the excess, if any, of (a) the Minimum Quarterly Distribution with respect to a Common Unit in respect of such Quarter over the sum of all Available Cash distributed with respect to a Common Unit in respect of such Quarter pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(i). 
     Conflicts Committee    means a committee of the Board of Directors of the General Partner composed entirely of two or more directors, each of whom (a) is not an officer or employee of the General Partner, (b) is not an officer, director or employee of any Affiliate of the General Partner, is not a holder of any ownership interest in the General Partner or its Affiliates or the Partnership Group, other than Common Units and other awards that are granted to such director under the LTIP and (d) meets the independence standards required of directors who serve on an audit committee of a board of directors established by the Securities Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and by the National Securities Exchange on which any class of Partnership Interests is listed or admitted to trading. 
     Contributed Property    means each property or other asset, in such form as may be permitted by the Delaware Act, but excluding cash, contributed to the Partnership.  Once the Carrying Value of a Contributed Property is adjusted pursuant to Section 5.5(d), such property shall no longer constitute a Contributed Property, but shall be deemed an Adjusted Property. 
     Contribution Agreement    means that certain Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2010, among the General Partner, the Partnership, Chesapeake Holdings, the GIP Entities and certain other parties, together with the additional conveyance documents and instruments contemplated or referenced thereunder, as such may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
     Convertible Class B Conversion Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(c)(i). 
     Convertible Class B Unit    means a Partnership Interest representing a fractional part of the Partnership Interests of all Limited Partners, and having the rights and obligations specified with respect to a Convertible Class B Unit in this Agreement.  A Convertible Class B Unit that is convertible into a Common Unit shall not constitute a Common Unit until such conversion occurs. 
     Convertible Class B Unit Distribution    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(e)(i). 
     Conversion Date    means, (i) with respect to each Convertible Class B Unit, the day such Convertible Class B Unit is converted to a Common Unit pursuant to Section 5.12(c), and (ii) with respect to each Subordinated Class C Unit, the day such Subordinated Class C Unit is converted to a Common Unit pursuant to Section 5.13(c). 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  6 

Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage    means, with respect to any Common Unit, whenever issued, and as of the end of any Quarter, the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the Common Unit Arrearages with respect to an Initial Common Unit for each of the Quarters within the Subordination Period ending on or before the last day of such Quarter over (b) the sum of any distributions theretofore made pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(ii) and the second sentence of Section 6.5 with respect to an Initial Common Unit (including any distributions to be made in respect of the last of such Quarters). 
     Curative Allocation    means any allocation of an item of income, gain, deduction, loss or credit pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.1(d)(xi). 
     Current Market Price    means, in respect of any class of Limited Partner Interests, as of the date of determination, the average of the daily Closing Prices per Limited Partner Interest of such class for the 20 consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to such date. 
     Deferred Issuance and Distribution    means both (a) the issuance by the Partnership of a number of additional Common Units that is equal to the excess, if any, of (x) 3,187,500, over (y) the aggregate number, if any, of Common Units actually purchased by and issued to the Underwriters pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option on the Option Closing Date(s), and (b) reimbursement(s), pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, of preformation capital expenditures in an amount equal to the total amount of cash contributed by the Underwriters to the Partnership on or in connection with any Option Closing Date with respect to Common Units issued by the Partnership upon the applicable exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in accordance with Section 5.3(b), if any. 
     Delaware Act    means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, 6 Del C. Section 17 101, et seq., as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any successor to such statute. 
     Departing General Partner    means a former General Partner from and after the effective date of any withdrawal or removal of such former General Partner pursuant to Section 11.1 or 11.2. 
     Depositary    means, with respect to any Units issued in global form, The Depository Trust Company and its successors and permitted assigns. 
     Disposed of Adjusted Property    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.1(d)(xii)(B). 
     Economic Risk of Loss    has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-2(a). 
     Eligibility Certificate    is defined in Section 4.9(b). 
     Eligible Holder    means a Limited Partner whose (a) federal income tax status would not, in the determination of the General Partner, have the material adverse effect described in Section 4.9(a)(i) or (b) nationality, citizenship or other related status would not, in the determination of the General Partner, create a substantial risk of cancellation or forfeiture as described in Section 4.9(a)(ii). 
     Estimated Incremental Quarterly Tax Amount    is defined in Section 6.9. 
     Estimated Maintenance Capital Expenditures    means an estimate made in good faith by the Board of Directors (with the concurrence of the Conflicts Committee) of the average quarterly Maintenance Capital Expenditures that the Partnership will need to incur over the long term to maintain the operating capacity and/or operating income, in each case to the extent the Board of Directors (with the concurrence of the Conflicts Committee) deems appropriate at the time such estimate is made, of the Partnership Group (including the Partnership s proportionate share of the average quarterly Maintenance Capital Expenditures of its Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) existing at the time the estimate is made.  The Board of Directors (with the concurrence of the Conflicts Committee) will be permitted to make such estimate in any manner it determines reasonable.  The estimate will be made at least annually and whenever an event occurs that is likely to result in a material adjustment to the amount of future Estimated Maintenance Capital Expenditures.  The Partnership shall disclose to its Partners any change in the amount of Estimated Maintenance Capital  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  7 

Expenditures in its reports made in accordance with Section 8.3 to the extent not previously disclosed.  Any adjustments to Estimated Maintenance Capital Expenditures shall be prospective only. 
     Event of Withdrawal    is defined in Section 11.1(a). 
     Excess Distribution    is defined in Section 6.1(d)(iii)(A). 
     Excess Distribution Unit    is defined in Section 6.1(d)(iii)(A). 
     Expansion Capital Expenditures    means cash expenditures for Acquisitions or Capital Improvements, and shall not include Maintenance Capital Expenditures or Investment Capital Expenditures.  Expansion Capital Expenditures shall include interest (and related fees) on debt incurred to finance the construction of a Capital Improvement and paid in respect of the period beginning on the date that a Group Member enters into a binding obligation to commence construction of a Capital Improvement and ending on the earlier to occur of the date that such Capital Improvement Commences Commercial Service and the date that such Capital Improvement is abandoned or disposed of.  Debt incurred to fund such construction period interest payments or to fund distributions on equity issued (including incremental Incentive Distributions related thereto) to fund the construction of a Capital Improvement as described in clause (a)(iv) of the definition of Operating Surplus shall also be deemed to be debt incurred to finance the construction of a Capital Improvement.  Where capital expenditures are made in part for Expansion Capital Expenditures and in part for other purposes, the General Partner shall determine the allocation between the amounts paid for each. 
     Final Subordinated Units    is defined in Section 6.1(d)(x)(A). 
     First Liquidation Target Amount    is defined in Section 6.1(c)(i)(D). 
     First Target Distribution    means $0.388125 per Unit per Quarter (or, with respect to periods of less than a full fiscal quarter, it means the product of such amount multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator is the number of days in such period, and the denominator is the total number of days in such quarter), subject to adjustment in accordance with Sections 5.11, 6.6 and 6.9. 
     Fully Diluted Weighted Average Basis    means, when calculating the number of Outstanding Units for any period, a basis that includes (1) the weighted average number of Outstanding Units plus (2) all Partnership Interests and options, rights, warrants, phantom units and appreciation rights relating to an equity interest in the Partnership (a) that are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Units or for which Units are issuable, each case that are senior to or pari passu with the Subordinated Units, (b) whose conversion, exercise or exchange price is less than the Current Market Price on the date of such calculation, (c) that may be converted into or exercised or exchanged for such Units prior to or during the Quarter immediately following the end of the period for which the calculation is being made without the satisfaction of any contingency beyond the control of the holder other than the payment of consideration and the compliance with administrative mechanics applicable to such conversion, exercise or exchange and (d) that were not converted into or exercised or exchanged for such Units during the period for which the calculation is being made;   provided  ,   however  , that for purposes of determining the number of Outstanding Units on a Fully Diluted Weighted Average Basis when calculating whether the Subordination Period has ended or the Subordinated Units are entitled to convert into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.7, such Partnership Interests, options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights shall be deemed to have been Outstanding Units only for the four Quarters that comprise the last four Quarters of the measurement period;   provided  ,   further  , that if consideration will be paid to any Group Member in connection with such conversion, exercise or exchange, the number of Units to be included in such calculation shall be that number equal to the difference between (i) the number of Units issuable upon such conversion, exercise or exchange and (ii) the number of Units that such consideration would purchase at the Current Market Price. 
     General Partner    means WPZ GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors and permitted assigns that are admitted to the Partnership as general partner of the Partnership, in its capacity as general partner of the Partnership (except as the context otherwise requires).  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  8 

General Partner Interest    means the ownership interest of the General Partner in the Partnership (in its capacity as a general partner without reference to any Limited Partner Interest held by it) and includes any and all benefits to which the General Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of the General Partner to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
     GIP A    means GIP A Holding (CHK), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
     GIP B    means GIP B Holding (CHK), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
     GIP C    means GIP C Holding (CHK), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
     GIP Entities    means, collectively, GIP A, GIP B and GIP C. 
     Gross Liability Value    means, with respect to any Liability of the Partnership described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-7(b)(3)(i), the amount of cash that a willing assignor would pay to a willing assignee to assume such Liability in an arm s-length transaction. 
     Group    means a Person that with or through any of its Affiliates or Associates has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to 10 or more Persons), exercising investment power or disposing of any Partnership Interests with any other Person that beneficially owns, or whose Affiliates or Associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, Partnership Interests. 
     Group Member    means a member of the Partnership Group. 
     Group Member Agreement    means the partnership agreement of any Group Member, other than the Partnership, that is a limited or general partnership, the limited liability company agreement of any Group Member that is a limited liability company, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws or similar organizational documents of any Group Member that is a corporation, the joint venture agreement or similar governing document of any Group Member that is a joint venture and the governing or organizational or similar documents of any other Group Member that is a Person other than a limited or general partnership, limited liability company, corporation or joint venture, as such may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
     Hedge Contract    means any exchange, swap, forward, cap, floor, collar, option or other similar agreement or arrangement entered into for the purpose of reducing the exposure of the Partnership Group to fluctuations in interest rates or the price of hydrocarbons, other than for speculative purposes. 
     IDR Reset Common Unit    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.11(a). 
     IDR Reset Election    is defined in Section 5.11(a). 
     Incentive Distribution Right    means a non-voting Limited Partner Interest which will confer upon the holder thereof only the rights and obligations specifically provided in this Agreement with respect to Incentive Distribution Rights (and no other rights otherwise available to or other obligations of a holder of a Partnership Interest).  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the holder of an Incentive Distribution Right shall not be entitled to vote such Incentive Distribution Right on any Partnership matter except as may otherwise be required by law. 
     Incentive Distributions    means any amount of cash distributed to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights pursuant to Section 6.4. 
     Incremental Income Taxes    is defined in Section 6.9. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  9 

Indemnitee    means (a) any General Partner, (b) any Departing General Partner, (c) any Person who is or was an Affiliate of the General Partner or any Departing General Partner, (d) any Person who is or was a manager, managing member, director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of any Group Member, a General Partner, any Departing General Partner or any of their respective Affiliates, (e) any Person who is or was serving at the request of a General Partner, any Departing General Partner or any of their respective Affiliates as an officer, director, manager, managing member, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of another Person owing a fiduciary duty to any Group Member;   provided   that a Person shall not be an Indemnitee by reason of providing, on a fee-for-services basis, trustee, fiduciary or custodial services, (f) any Person who controls a General Partner or Departing General Partner and (g) any Person the General Partner designates as an  Indemnitee  for purposes of this Agreement because such Person s service, status or relationship exposes such Person to potential claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings relating to the Partnership Group s business and affairs. 
     Ineligible Holder    is defined in Section 4.9(c). 
     Initial Common Units    means the Common Units sold in the Initial Offering. 
     Initial Limited Partners    means Chesapeake Holdings and the GIP Entities (with respect to the Limited Partner Interest distributed to them by the Organizational Limited Partner and with respect to the Common Units and Subordinated Units received by them pursuant to Section 5.2), the General Partner (with respect to the Incentive Distribution Rights) and the Underwriters, in each case upon being admitted to the Partnership in accordance with Section 10.1. 
     Initial Offering    means the initial offering and sale of Common Units to the public, as described in the Registration Statement, including any Common Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option. 
     Initial Unit Price    means (a) with respect to the Common Units and the Subordinated Units, the initial public offering price per Common Unit at which the Underwriters offered the Common Units to the public for sale as set forth on the cover page of the prospectus included as part of the Registration Statement and first issued at or after the time the Registration Statement first became effective or (b) with respect to any other class or series of Units, the price per Unit at which such class or series of Units is initially sold by the Partnership, as determined by the General Partner, in each case adjusted as the General Partner determines to be appropriate to give effect to any distribution, subdivision or combination of Units. 
     Interim Capital Transactions    means the following transactions if they occur prior to the Liquidation Date:  (a) borrowings, refinancings or refundings of indebtedness (other than Working Capital Borrowings and other than for items purchased on open account or for a deferred purchase price in the ordinary course of business) by any Group Member and sales of debt securities of any Group Member; (b)  sales of equity interests of any Group Member (including the Common Units sold to the Underwriters in the Initial Offering or pursuant to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option); (c) sales or other voluntary or involuntary dispositions of any assets of any Group Member other than (i) sales or other dispositions of inventory, accounts receivable and other assets in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) sales or other dispositions of assets as part of normal retirements or replacements; and (d) capital contributions received. 
     Investment Capital Expenditures    means capital expenditures other than Maintenance Capital Expenditures and Expansion Capital Expenditures. 
     Liability    means any liability or obligation of any nature, whether accrued, contingent or otherwise. 
     Limited Partner    means, unless the context otherwise requires, the Organizational Limited Partner prior to its distribution of its Limited Partner Interest to the Initial Limited Partners, each Initial Limited Partner, each additional Person that becomes a Limited Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and any Departing General Partner upon the change of its status from General Partner to Limited Partner pursuant to Section 11.3, in each case, in such Person s capacity as a limited partner of the Partnership;   provided  ,   however  , that when the term  Limited Partner  is used herein in the context of any vote or other approval, including Articles XIII and XIV, such term shall not, solely for such purpose, include any holder of an Incentive Distribution Right (solely with respect to its Incentive Distribution  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  10 

Rights and not with respect to any other Limited Partner Interest held by such Person) except as may otherwise be required by law. 
     Limited Partner Interest    means the ownership interest of a Limited Partner in the Partnership, which may be evidenced by Common Units, Subordinated Units, Incentive Distribution Rights or other Partnership Interests or a combination thereof or interest therein, and includes any and all benefits to which such Limited Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of such Limited Partner to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement;   provided  ,   however  , that when the term  Limited Partner Interest  is used herein in the context of any vote or other approval, including Articles XIII and XIV, such term shall not, solely for such purpose, include any Incentive Distribution Right except as may otherwise be required by law. 
     Liquidation Date    means (a) in the case of an event giving rise to the dissolution of the Partnership of the type described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first sentence of Section 12.2, the date on which the applicable time period during which the holders of Outstanding Units have the right to elect to continue the business of the Partnership has expired without such an election being made, and (b) in the case of any other event giving rise to the dissolution of the Partnership, the date on which such event occurs. 
     Liquidator    means one or more Persons selected by the General Partner to perform the functions described in Section 12.4 as liquidating trustee of the Partnership within the meaning of the Delaware Act. 
     LTIP    means the Long-Term Incentive Plan of the General Partner, as may be amended, or any equity compensation plan successor thereto. 
     Maintenance Capital Expenditures    means cash expenditures (including expenditures for the addition or improvement to or replacement of the capital assets owned by any Group Member or for the acquisition of existing, or the construction or development of new, capital assets, including, without limitation, gas gathering systems, natural gas treatment or processing facilities, natural gas liquids fractionation facilities, storage facilities, pipeline systems, equipment related to compression and/or measurement or other midstream assets or facilities and other related or similar midstream assets) if such expenditures are made to maintain, including for a period longer than the short-term, the operating capacity and/or operating income of the Partnership Group.  Maintenance Capital Expenditures shall not include (a) Expansion Capital Expenditures or Investment Capital Expenditures.  Maintenance Capital Expenditures shall include interest (and related fees) on debt incurred and distributions on equity issued, other than equity issued on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, in each case, to finance the construction or development of a replacement asset and paid during the period beginning on the date that a Group Member enters into a binding obligation to commence constructing or developing a replacement asset and ending on the earlier to occur of the date that such replacement asset Commences Commercial Service and the date that such replacement asset is abandoned or disposed of.  Debt incurred to pay or equity issued, other than equity issued on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, to fund construction or development period interest payments, or such construction or development period distributions on equity, shall also be deemed to be debt or equity, as the case may be, incurred to finance the construction or development of a replacement asset and the incremental Incentive Distributions paid relating to newly issued equity shall be deemed to be distributions paid on equity issued to finance the construction or development of a replacement asset.  For purposes of this definition, the short-term generally refers to a period not exceeding 12 months. 
     Merger Agreement    is defined in Section 14.1. 
     Minimum Quarterly Distribution    means $0.3375 per Unit per Quarter (or with respect to periods of less than a full fiscal quarter, it means the product of such amount multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator is the number of days in such period and the denominator is the total number of days in such quarter), subject to adjustment in accordance with Sections 5.11, 6.6 and 6.9. 
     Minimum Volume Commitment    means, pursuant to a gas gathering or similar agreement, a commitment of a third party to deliver specified minimum volumes of natural gas to the gathering systems of the Partnership. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  11 

National Securities Exchange    means an exchange registered with the Commission under Section 6(a) of the Securities Exchange Act (or any successor to such Section) and any other securities exchange (whether or not registered with the Commission under Section 6(a) (or successor to such Section) of the Securities Exchange Act) that the General Partner shall designate as a National Securities Exchange for purposes of this Agreement. 
     Net Agreed Value    means, (a) in the case of any Contributed Property, the Agreed Value of such property reduced by any Liabilities either assumed by the Partnership upon such contribution or to which such property is subject when contributed and (b) in the case of any property distributed to a Partner by the Partnership, the Partnership s Carrying Value of such property (as adjusted pursuant to Section 5.5(d)(ii)) at the time such property is distributed, reduced by any Liability either assumed by such Partner upon such distribution or to which such property is subject at the time of distribution. 
     Net Income    means, for any taxable period, the excess, if any, of the Partnership s items of income and gain (other than those items taken into account in the computation of Net Termination Gain or Net Termination Loss) for such taxable period over the Partnership s items of loss and deduction (other than those items taken into account in the computation of Net Termination Gain or Net Termination Loss) for such taxable period.  The items included in the calculation of Net Income shall be determined in accordance with Section 5.5(b) and shall not include any items specially allocated under Section 6.1(d);   provided  , that the determination of the items that have been specially allocated under Section 6.1(d) shall be made without regard to any reversal of such items under Section 6.1(d)(xii). 
     Net Loss    means, for any taxable period, the excess, if any, of the Partnership s items of loss and deduction (other than those items taken into account in the computation of Net Termination Gain or Net Termination Loss) for such taxable period over the Partnership s items of income and gain (other than those items taken into account in the computation of Net Termination Gain or Net Termination Loss) for such taxable period.  The items included in the calculation of Net Loss shall be determined in accordance with Section 5.5(b) and shall not include any items specially allocated under Section 6.1(d);   provided  , that the determination of the items that have been specially allocated under Section 6.1(d) shall be made without regard to any reversal of such items under Section 6.1(d)(xii). 
     Net Positive Adjustments    means, with respect to any Partner, the excess, if any, of the total positive adjustments over the total negative adjustments made to the Capital Account of such Partner pursuant to Book-Up Events and Book-Down Events. 
     Net Termination Gain    means, for any taxable period, the sum, if positive, of all items of income, gain, loss or deduction (determined in accordance with Section 5.5(b)) that are (a) recognized (i) after the Liquidation Date or (ii) upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (excluding any disposition to a member of the Partnership Group), or (b) deemed recognized by the Partnership pursuant to Section 5.5(d);   provided  ,   however  , the items included in the determination of Net Termination Gain shall not include any items of income, gain or loss specially allocated under Section 6.1 (d). 
     Net Termination Loss    means, for any taxable period, the sum, if negative, of all items of income, gain, loss or deduction (determined in accordance with Section 5.5(b)) that are (a) recognized (i) after the Liquidation Date or (ii) upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (excluding any disposition to a member of the Partnership Group), or (b) deemed recognized by the Partnership pursuant to Section 5.5(d);   provided  ,   however  , items included in the determination of Net Termination Loss shall not include any items of income, gain or loss specially allocated under Section 6.1(d). 
     Nonrecourse Built-in Gain    means with respect to any Contributed Properties or Adjusted Properties that are subject to a mortgage or pledge securing a Nonrecourse Liability, the amount of any taxable gain that would be allocated to the Partners pursuant to Section 6.2(b) if such properties were disposed of in a taxable transaction in full satisfaction of such liabilities and for no other consideration. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  12 

Nonrecourse Deductions    means any and all items of loss, deduction or expenditure (including any expenditure described in Section 705(a) (2)(B) of the Code) that, in accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b), are attributable to a Nonrecourse Liability. 
     Nonrecourse Liability    has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752 1(a)(2). 
     Notice of Election to Purchase    is defined in Section 15.1(b). 
     Notional General Partner Units    means notional units used solely to calculate the General Partner s Percentage Interest.  Notional General Partner Units shall not constitute  Units  for any purpose of this Agreement.  There shall initially be 2,819,433.551 Notional General Partner Units (resulting in the General Partner s Percentage Interest being 2% after giving effect to any exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and the Deferred Issuance and Distribution).  If the General Partner makes additional Capital Contributions pursuant to Section 5.2(b) to maintain its Percentage Interest, the number of Notional General Partner Units shall be increased proportionally to reflect the maintenance of such Percentage Interest. 
     Omnibus Agreement    means that certain Omnibus Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Partnership, the Organizational Limited Partner and Chesapeake Holdings, as such may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
     Operating Expenditures    means all Partnership Group cash expenditures (or the Partnership s proportionate share of expenditures in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned), including, but not limited to, taxes, reimbursements of expenses of the General Partner and its Affiliates, payments made in the ordinary course of business under any Hedge Contracts (  provided   that (i) with respect to amounts paid in connection with the initial purchase of a Hedge Contract, such amounts shall be amortized over the life of such Hedge Contract and (ii) payments made in connection with the termination of any Hedge Contract prior to the expiration of its stipulated settlement or termination date shall be included in equal quarterly installments over the remaining scheduled life of such Hedge Contract), officer compensation, repayment of Working Capital Borrowings, debt service payments and Estimated Maintenance Capital Expenditures, subject to the following: 
  (a)    repayments of Working Capital Borrowings deducted from Operating Surplus pursuant to clause (b)(iii) of the definition of  Operating Surplus  shall not constitute Operating Expenditures when actually repaid; 
  (b)    payments (including prepayments and prepayment penalties) of principal of and premium on indebtedness other than Working Capital Borrowings shall not constitute Operating Expenditures; and 
  (c)    Operating Expenditures shall not include (i) Expansion Capital Expenditures, (ii) actual Maintenance Capital Expenditures, (iii) Investment Capital Expenditures, (iv) payment of transaction expenses (including taxes) relating to Interim Capital Transactions, (v) distributions to Partners, or (vi) repurchases of Partnership Interests, other than repurchases of Partnership Interests to satisfy obligations under employee benefit plans, or reimbursements of expenses of the General Partner for such purchases.  Where capital expenditures are made in part for Maintenance Capital Expenditures and in part for other purposes, the General Partner shall determine the allocation between the amounts paid for each. 
     Operating Surplus    means, with respect to any period ending prior to the Liquidation Date, on a cumulative basis and without duplication, 
  (a)    the sum of (i) $120 million, (ii) all cash receipts of the Partnership Group (or the Partnership s proportionate share of cash receipts in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) for the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the last day of such period, but excluding cash receipts from Interim Capital Transactions and provided that cash receipts from the termination of any Hedge Contract prior to the expiration of its stipulated settlement or termination date shall be included in equal quarterly installments over the remaining scheduled life of such Hedge Contract, (iii) all cash receipts of the Partnership Group (or the Partnership s proportionate share of cash receipts in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) after the end of such period but on or before the date of  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  13 

determination of Operating Surplus with respect to such period resulting from Working Capital Borrowings, and (iv) the amount of cash distributions paid (including incremental Incentive Distributions) on equity issued, other than equity issued on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, to finance all or a portion of the construction, acquisition or improvement of a Capital Improvement or replacement of a capital asset and paid in respect of the period beginning on the date that the Group Member enters into a binding obligation to commence the construction, acquisition or improvement of a Capital Improvement or replacement of a capital asset and ending on the earlier to occur of the date the Capital Improvement or replacement capital asset Commences Commercial Service and the date that it is abandoned or disposed of (equity issued, other than equity issued on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, to fund the construction period interest payments on debt incurred, or construction period distributions on equity issued, to finance the construction, acquisition or improvement of a Capital Improvement or replacement of a capital asset shall also be deemed to be equity issued to finance the construction, acquisition or improvement of a Capital Improvement or replacement of a capital asset for purposes of this clause (iv)) and (v) the WPZ Operating Surplus Amount, less 
  (b)    the sum of (i) Operating Expenditures for the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the last day of such period; (ii) the amount of cash reserves established by the General Partner (or the Partnership s proportionate share of cash reserves in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) to provide funds for future Operating Expenditures; (iii) all Working Capital Borrowings not repaid within twelve months after having been incurred and (iv) any cash loss realized on disposition of an Investment Capital Expenditure; 
  provided  ,   however  , that disbursements made (including contributions to a Group Member or disbursements on behalf of a Group Member) or cash reserves established, increased or reduced after the end of such period but on or before the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such period shall be deemed to have been made, established, increased or reduced, for purposes of determining Operating Surplus, within such period if the General Partner so determines. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing,    Operating Surplus    with respect to the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date occurs and any subsequent Quarter shall equal zero.  Cash receipts from an Investment Capital Expenditure shall be treated as cash receipts only to the extent they are a return on principal, but in no event shall a return of principal be treated as cash receipts. 
     Opinion of Counsel    means a written opinion of counsel (who may be regular counsel to the Partnership or the General Partner or any of its Affiliates) acceptable to the General Partner. 
     Option Closing Date    means the date or dates on which any Common Units are sold by the Partnership to the Underwriters upon exercise of the Over-Allotment Option. 
     Organizational Limited Partner    means Chesapeake Midstream Ventures, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, in its capacity as the organizational limited partner of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement. 
     Outstanding    means, with respect to Partnership Interests, all Partnership Interests that are issued by the Partnership and reflected as outstanding on the Partnership s books and records as of the date of determination;   provided  ,   however  , that if at any time any Person or Group (other than the General Partner or its Affiliates) beneficially owns 20% or more of the Outstanding Partnership Interests of any class then Outstanding, none of the Partnership Interests owned by such Person or Group shall be voted on any matter and shall not be considered to be Outstanding when sending notices of a meeting of Limited Partners to vote on any matter (unless otherwise required by law), calculating required votes, determining the presence of a quorum or for other similar purposes under this Agreement, except that Partnership Interests so owned shall be considered to be Outstanding for purposes of Section 11.1(b)(iv) (such Partnership Interests shall not, however, be treated as a separate class of Partnership Interests for purposes of this Agreement or the Delaware Act);   provided  ,   further  , that the foregoing limitation shall not apply to (i) any Person or Group who acquired 20% or more of the Outstanding Partnership Interests of any class then Outstanding directly from the General Partner or its Affiliates (other than the Partnership), (ii) any Person or Group who acquired 20% or more of the Outstanding Partnership Interests of any class then Outstanding directly or indirectly from a Person or Group described in clause (i)   provided   that, at or prior to such acquisition, the General Partner, acting in its sole discretion, shall have notified such Person or Group in writing that such limitation shall not apply, or (iii) any Person or Group  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  14 

who acquired 20% or more of any Partnership Interests issued by the Partnership   provided   that, at or prior to such acquisition, the General Partner shall have notified such Person or Group in writing that such limitation shall not apply. 
     Over-Allotment Option    means the over-allotment option granted to the Underwriters by the Partnership pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement. 
     Partner Nonrecourse Debt    has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(b)(4). 
     Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain    has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(i)(2). 
     Partner Nonrecourse Deductions    means any and all items of loss, deduction or expenditure (including any expenditure described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code) that, in accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(i), are attributable to a Partner Nonrecourse Debt. 
     Partners    means the General Partner and the Limited Partners. 
     Partnership    means Williams Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  All references contained in the Partnership Agreement to Access Midstream Partners GP, L.L.C. mean WPZ GP LLC, and all references in the Partnership Agreement to Access Midstream Partners, L.P. mean Williams Partners L.P. 
    
     Partnership Group    means the Partnership and its Subsidiaries treated as a single consolidated entity. 
     Partnership Interest    means any class or series of equity interest in the Partnership (but excluding any options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to an equity interest in the Partnership), including Common Units, Convertible Class B Units, Subordinated Class C Units, Subordinated Units and Incentive Distribution Rights. 
     Partnership Minimum Gain    means that amount determined in accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(b) (2) and 1.704-2(d). 
     Percentage Interest    means as of any date of determination (a) as to the General Partner, with respect to the General Partner Interest (calculated based upon a number of Notional General Partner Units), and as to any Unitholder with respect to Units, the product obtained by multiplying (i) 100% less the percentage applicable to clause (b) below by (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the number of Notional General Partner Units deemed held by the General Partner or the number of Units held by such Unitholder, as the case may be, by (B) the total number of Outstanding Units and Notional General Partner Units, and (b) as to the holders of other Partnership Interests issued by the Partnership in accordance with Section 5.6, the percentage established as a part of such issuance.  The Percentage Interest with respect to an Incentive Distribution Right shall at all times be zero. 
     Person    means an individual or a corporation, firm, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, government agency or political subdivision thereof or other entity. 
     Per Unit Capital Amount    means, as of any date of determination, the Capital Account, stated on a per Unit basis, underlying any class of Units held by a Person other than the General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner who holds Units. 
     Plan of Conversion    is defined in Section 14.1. 
    
     Pre-Merger Unit Split    means the subdivision pursuant to Section 5.9 of each Common Unit into 1.06152 Common Units and of each Convertible Class B Unit into 1.06152 Convertible Class B Units as contemplated by Section 5.14 of the 2014 Merger Agreement.  
     Pro Rata    means (a) when used with respect to Units or any class thereof, apportioned equally among all designated Units in accordance with their relative Percentage Interests, (b) when used with respect to Partners or Record  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  15 

Holders, apportioned among all Partners or Record Holders in accordance with their relative Percentage Interests and (c) when used with respect to holders of Incentive Distribution Rights, apportioned equally among all holders of Incentive Distribution Rights in accordance with the relative number or percentage of Incentive Distribution Rights held by each such holder. 
     Purchase Date    means the date determined by the General Partner as the date for purchase of all Outstanding Limited Partner Interests of a certain class (other than Limited Partner Interests owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates) pursuant to Article XV. 
     Quarter    means, unless the context requires otherwise, a fiscal quarter of the Partnership, or, with respect to the fiscal quarter of the Partnership that includes the Closing Date, the portion of such fiscal quarter after the Closing Date. 
     Quarterly Estimated Shortfall Payment    is defined in the definition of  Adjusted Operating Surplus.  
     Rate Eligibility Trigger    is defined in Section 4.9(a)(i). 
     Recapture Income    means any gain recognized by the Partnership (computed without regard to any adjustment required by Section 734 or Section 743 of the Code) upon the disposition of any property or asset of the Partnership, which gain is characterized as ordinary income because it represents the recapture of deductions previously taken with respect to such property or asset. 
     Record Date    means the date established by the General Partner or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement for determining (a) the identity of the Record Holders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any meeting of Limited Partners or entitled to vote by ballot or give approval of Partnership action in writing without a meeting or entitled to exercise rights in respect of any lawful action of Limited Partners or (b) the identity of Record Holders entitled to receive any report or distribution or to participate in any offer. 
     Record Holder    means (a) with respect to Partnership Interests of any class of Partnership Interests for which a Transfer Agent has been appointed, the Person in whose name a Partnership Interest of such class is registered on the books of the Transfer Agent as of the opening of business on a particular Business Day, or (b) with respect to other classes of Partnership Interests, the Person in whose name any such other Partnership Interest is registered on the books that the General Partner has caused to be kept as of the opening of business on such Business Day. 
     Redeemable Interests    means any Partnership Interests for which a redemption notice has been given, and has not been withdrawn, pursuant to Section 4.10. 
     Registration Rights Agreement    means the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated December 20, 2012 by and among the Partnership and the Unit Purchasers. 
     Registration Statement    means the Registration Statement on Form S 1 (Registration No. 333-164905) as it has been or as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, filed by the Partnership with the Commission under the Securities Act to register the offering and sale of the Common Units in the Initial Offering. 
     Remaining Net Positive Adjustments    means as of the end of any taxable period, (i) with respect to the Unitholders holding Common Units or Subordinated Units, the excess of (a) the Net Positive Adjustments of the Unitholders holding Common Units or Subordinated Units as of the end of such period over (b) the sum of those Partners  Share of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items for each prior taxable period, (ii) with respect to the General Partner (as holder of the General Partner Interest), the excess of (a) the Net Positive Adjustments of the General Partner as of the end of such period over (b) the sum of the General Partner s Share of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items with respect to the General Partner Interest for each prior taxable period, and (iii) with respect to the holders of Incentive Distribution Rights, the excess of (a) the Net Positive Adjustments of the holders of Incentive Distribution Rights as of the end of such period over (b) the sum of the Share of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items of the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights for each prior taxable period. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  16 

Required Allocations    means any allocation of an item of income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to Section 6.1(d)(i), Section 6.1(d)(ii), Section 6.1(d)(iv), Section 6.1(d)(v), Section 6.1(d)(vi), Section 6.1(d)(vii) or Section 6.1(d)(ix). 
     Reset MQD    is defined in Section 5.11(e). 
     Reset Notice    is defined in Section 5.11(b). 
     Retained Converted Subordinated Unit    is defined in Section 5.5(c)(ii). 
     Second Liquidation Target Amount    is defined in Section 6.1(c)(i)(E). 
     Second Target Distribution    means $0.421875 per Unit per Quarter (or, with respect to periods of less than a full fiscal quarter, it means the product of such amount multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator is the number of days in such period, and the denominator is the total number of days in such quarter), subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 5.11, Section 6.6 and Section 6.9. 
     Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time and any successor to such statute. 
     Securities Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time and any successor to such statute. 
     Share of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items    means in connection with any allocation of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items for any taxable period, (i) with respect to the Unitholders holding Common Units or Subordinated Units, the amount that bears the same ratio to such Additional Book Basis Derivative Items as the Unitholders  Remaining Net Positive Adjustments as of the end of such taxable period bears to the Aggregate Remaining Net Positive Adjustments as of that time, (ii) with respect to the General Partner (in respect of the General Partner Interest), the amount that bears the same ratio to such Additional Book Basis Derivative Items as the General Partner s Remaining Net Positive Adjustments as of the end of such taxable period bears to the Aggregate Remaining Net Positive Adjustment as of that time, and (iii) with respect to the Partners holding Incentive Distribution Rights, the amount that bears the same ratio to such Additional Book Basis Derivative Items as the Remaining Net Positive Adjustments of the Partners holding the Incentive Distribution Rights as of the end of such period bears to the Aggregate Remaining Net Positive Adjustments as of that time. 
     Special Approval    means approval by a majority of the members of the Conflicts Committee acting in good faith. 
     Subordinated Class C Conversion Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13(c)(i). 
     Subordinated Class C Unit    means a Partnership Interest representing a fractional part of the Partnership Interests of all Limited Partners, and having the rights and obligations specified with respect to a Subordinated Class C Unit in this Agreement.  A Subordinated Class C Unit that is convertible into a Common Unit shall not constitute a Common Unit until such conversion occurs. 
     Subordinated Class C Unit Distribution    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13(e). 
     Subordinated Unit    means a Partnership Interest representing a fractional part of the Partnership Interests of all Limited Partners and having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Subordinated Units in this Agreement.  The term  Subordinated Unit  does not refer to or include a Common Unit.  A Subordinated Unit that is convertible into a Common Unit shall not constitute a Common Unit until such conversion occurs. 
     Subordination Period    means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the first to occur of the following dates: 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  17 

(a)    the first Business Day following the distribution of Available Cash to Partners pursuant to Section 6.3(a) in respect of any Quarter beginning with the Quarter ending June 30, 2013 in respect of which (i) (A) distributions of Available Cash from Operating Surplus on each of (I) the Outstanding Common Units and Subordinated Units and any other Outstanding Units that are senior or equal in right of distribution to the Subordinated Units, and (II) the General Partner Interest, in each case with respect to each of the three consecutive, non-overlapping four-Quarter periods immediately preceding such date equaled or exceeded the sum of the Minimum Quarterly Distribution on (I) all Outstanding Common Units and Subordinated Units and any other Outstanding Units that are senior or equal in right of distribution to the Subordinated Units and (II) the General Partner Interest, in each case in respect of such periods and (B) the Adjusted Operating Surplus for each of the three consecutive, non-overlapping four-Quarter periods immediately preceding such date equaled or exceeded the sum of the Minimum Quarterly Distribution on all of the (I) Common Units, Subordinated Units and any other Units that are senior or equal in right of distribution to the Subordinated Units and (II) General Partner Interest, in each case that were Outstanding during such periods on a Fully Diluted Weighted Average Basis, and (ii) there are no Cumulative Common Unit Arrearages; 
  (b)    the first Business Day following the distribution of Available Cash to Partners pursuant to Section 6.3(a) in respect of any Quarter beginning with the Quarter ending June 30, 2010 in respect of which (i) (A) distributions of Available Cash from Operating Surplus on each of (I) the Outstanding Common Units and Subordinated Units and any other Outstanding Units that are senior or equal in right of distribution to the Subordinated Units, and (II) the General Partner Interest, in each case with respect to the four-Quarter period immediately preceding such date equaled or exceeded 150% of the Minimum Quarterly Distribution on all of (I) the Outstanding Common Units and Subordinated Units and any other Outstanding Units that are senior or equal in right of distribution to the Subordinated Units and (II) the General Partner Interest, in each case in respect of such period, and (B) the Adjusted Operating Surplus for the four-Quarter period immediately preceding such date equaled or exceeded 150% of the sum of the Minimum Quarterly Distribution on all of (I) the Common Units and Subordinated Units and any other Units that are senior or equal in right of distribution to the Subordinated Units, (II) the General Partner Interest, in each case that were Outstanding during such period on a Fully Diluted Weighted Average Basis and (III) and the corresponding Incentive Distributions and (ii) there are no Cumulative Common Unit Arrearages; 
  (c)    the first date on which there are no longer outstanding any Subordinated Units due to the conversion of Subordinated Units into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.7 or otherwise; and 
  (d)    the date on which the General Partner is removed as general partner of the Partnership upon the requisite vote by holders of Outstanding Units under circumstances where Cause does not exist and no Units held by the General Partner and its Affiliates are voted in favor of such removal. 
     Subscription Agreement    means the Subscription Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2012, between the Partnership, the General Partner and the Unit Purchasers. 
     Subsidiary    means, with respect to any Person, (a) a corporation of which more than 50% of the voting power of shares entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors or other governing body of such corporation is owned, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination, by such Person, by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, (b) a partnership (whether general or limited) in which such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person is, at the date of determination, a general or limited partner of such partnership, but only if more than 50% of the partnership interests of such partnership (considering all of the partnership interests of the partnership as a single class) is owned, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination, by such Person, by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or a combination thereof, or (c) any other Person (other than a corporation or a partnership) in which such Person, one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or a combination thereof, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination, has (i) at least a majority ownership interest or (ii) the power to elect or direct the election of a majority of the directors or other governing body of such Person. 
     Surviving Business Entity    is defined in Section 14.2(b)(ii). 
     Target Distribution    means, collectively, the First Target Distribution, Second Target Distribution and Third Target Distribution. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  18 

Third Target Distribution    means $0.50625 per Unit per Quarter (or, with respect to periods of less than a full fiscal quarter, it means the product of such amount multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator is the number of days in such period, and the denominator is the total number of days in such quarter), subject to adjustment in accordance with Sections 5.11, 6.6 and 6.9. 
     Trading Day    means, for the purpose of determining the Current Market Price of any class of Limited Partner Interests, a day on which the principal National Securities Exchange on which such class of Limited Partner Interests is listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if Limited Partner Interests of a class are not listed or admitted to trading on any National Securities Exchange, a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are open. 
     Transaction Documents    means (i) that certain Amended and Restated Chesapeake Gas Gathering Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2010, but effective as of February 1, 2010, by and among Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Chesapeake Energy Marketing, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, Chesapeake Operating, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, Chesapeake Exploration L.L.C., an Oklahoma limited liability company, Chesapeake Louisiana L.P., an Oklahoma limited partnership, and DDJET Limited LLP, a Texas limited liability partnership, (ii) the Additional Agreement, executed on January 25, 2010, but effective as of February 1, 2010, by and among Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company; Total Gas   Power North America, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Total E P USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Chesapeake Energy Marketing, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation; Chesapeake Exploration L.L.C., an Oklahoma limited liability company; Chesapeake Louisiana L.P., an Oklahoma limited partnership, DDJET Limited LLP, a Texas limited liability partnership, and Chesapeake Operating, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, (iii) the Contribution Agreement, (iv) the Omnibus Agreement, (v) the Amended and Restated Services Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Chesapeake Midstream Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Chesapeake Operating, Inc., an Oklahoma Corporation, the General Partner, the Partnership, and Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, (vi) the Gas Compressor Master Rental and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2009, between MidCon Compression, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, (vii) the Amended and Restated Employee Transfer Agreement, effective on the Closing Date, by and among Chesapeake Midstream Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Chesapeake, the General Partner, Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, and Chesapeake Operating, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, (viii) the Amended and Restated Employee Secondment Agreement, effective on the Closing Date, by and among Chesapeake, Chesapeake Midstream Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, the General Partner, Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, and Chesapeake Operating, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, (ix) the Amended and Restated Shared Services Agreement, effective as of the Closing Date, by and between Chesapeake, the General Partner, the GIP Entities, and Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C., (x) the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Partnership, the GIP Entities and Chesapeake Holdings, (xi) the Master Recoupment Netting and Setoff Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2009 by and among Chesapeake, Chesapeake Energy Marketing, Inc., Chesapeake Operating, Inc., Chesapeake Exploration L.L.C, Chesapeake Louisiana L.P., DD JET, L.L.C., Chesapeake Midstream Management, L.L.C., Micon Compression, LLC and Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C., (xii) the Guaranty, dated as of September 30, 2009, by Chesapeake in favor of Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C. and the GIP Entities, (xiii) the Amended and Restated Adherence Agreement, effective on the Closing Date, by and among Chesapeake Midstream Development L.P., the Partnership, Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C. and Chesapeake Midstream Ventures, L.L.C., (xiv) the Trademark License Agreement, effective on the Closing Date, by and among Chesapeake, Chesapeake Midstream Management, L.L.C., Chesapeake Operating, Inc., Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C., Chesapeake Midstream Ventures, L.L.C., the General Partner and the Partnership, (xv) the Amended and Restated Inventory Purchase Letter, effective on the Closing Date, by and among Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C. and Chesapeake Midstream Operating, L.L.C., (xvi) the Marketing and Noncompete Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2009, by and among Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C, Chesapeake Exploration L.L.C., Chesapeake Louisiana L.P., DDJET Limited LLP, and (xvii) the Bond Indemnity Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2009, by and among Chesapeake Midstream Development L.P., Chesapeake and Chesapeake MLP Operating, L.L.C., in each case as may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
     Transfer    is defined in Section 4.4(a). 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  19 

Transfer Agent    means such bank, trust company or other Person (including the General Partner or one of its Affiliates) as may be appointed from time to time by the Partnership to act as registrar and transfer agent for any class of Partnership Interests;   provided  , that if no Transfer Agent is specifically designated for any class of Partnership Interests, the General Partner shall act in such capacity. 
  "UEOM Waiver Period  means the period commencing April 1, 2015 and ending September 30, 2017. 
     Underwriter    means each Person named as an underwriter in Schedule I to the Underwriting Agreement who purchases Common Units pursuant thereto. 
     Underwriting Agreement    means that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2010, among the Underwriters, the Partnership, the General Partner and other parties thereto, providing for the purchase of Common Units by the Underwriters. 
     Unit    means a Partnership Interest that is designated as a  Unit  and shall include Common Units, Convertible Class B Units, Subordinated Class C Units and Subordinated Units but shall not include (i) the General Partner Interest or (ii) Incentive Distribution Rights. 
     Unitholders    means the holders of Units. 
     Unit Majority    means (i) during the Subordination Period, at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units, Convertible Class B Units and Subordinated Class C Units (excluding Common Units, Convertible Class B Units and Subordinated Class C Units owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates), voting as a single class, and at least a majority of the Outstanding Subordinated Units, voting as a class, and (ii) after the end of the Subordination Period, at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units, Convertible Class B Units and Subordinated Class C Units, voting as a single class. 
     Unit Purchasers    means each of GIP II Hawk Holdings Partnership, L.P. and The Williams Companies, Inc. 
     Unpaid MQD    is defined in Section 6.1(c)(i)(B). 
     Unrealized Gain    attributable to any item of Partnership property means, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, of (a) the fair market value of such property as of such date (as determined under Section 5.5(d)) over (b) the Carrying Value of such property as of such date (prior to any adjustment to be made pursuant to Section 5.5(d) as of such date). 
     Unrealized Loss    attributable to any item of Partnership property means, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, of (a) the Carrying Value of such property as of such date (prior to any adjustment to be made pursuant to Section 5.5(d) as of such date) over (b) the fair market value of such property as of such date (as determined under Section 5.5(d)). 
     Unrecovered Initial Unit Price    means at any time, with respect to a Unit, the Initial Unit Price less the sum of all distributions constituting Capital Surplus theretofore made in respect of an Initial Common Unit and any distributions of cash (or the Net Agreed Value of any distributions in kind) in connection with the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership theretofore made in respect of an Initial Common Unit, adjusted as the General Partner determines to be appropriate to give effect to any distribution, subdivision, combination or reorganization of such Units. 
     Unrestricted Person    means (a) each Indemnitee, (b) each Partner, (c) each Person who is or was a member, partner, director, officer, employee or agent of any Group Member, a General Partner or any Departing General Partner or any Affiliate of any Group Member, a General Partner or any Departing General Partner and (d) any Person the General Partner designates as an  Unrestricted Person  for purposes of this Agreement. 
     U.S. GAAP    means United States generally accepted accounting principles, as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  20 

VWAP Price    as of a particular date means the volume-weighted average trading price, as adjusted for splits, combinations and other similar transactions, of a Common Unit on the national securities exchange on which the Common Units are listed or admitted to trading, calculated over the consecutive 30-trading day period ending on the close of trading on the trading day immediately prior to such date. 
     Withdrawal Opinion of Counsel    is defined in Section 11.1(b). 
     Working Capital Borrowings    means borrowings used solely for working capital purposes or to pay distributions to Partners, made pursuant to a credit facility, commercial paper facility or other similar financing arrangement;   provided   that when incurred it is the intent of the borrower to repay such borrowings within 12 months from sources other than additional Working Capital Borrowings. 
     WPZ    means Williams Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  
     WPZ Available Cash Amount    means an amount equal to the Available Cash (as defined in the WPZ Partnership Agreement) of the WPZ Group immediately prior to Closing (as defined in the 2014 Merger Agreement) of the WPZ Merger.  
     WPZ Group    means WPZ and its Subsidiaries treated as a single consolidated entity.  
     WPZ Merger    means the merger of VHMS LLC with and into WPZ, with WPZ as the sole surviving entity, pursuant to the 2014 Merger Agreement.  
     WPZ Operating Surplus Amount    means, beginning with the Quarter in which the WPZ Merger is consummated (or the Quarter immediately preceding the consummation of the WPZ Merger, if the WPZ Merger is consummated prior to the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter), an amount equal to the Operating Surplus (as defined in the WPZ Partnership Agreement) less cumulative distributions of Available Cash to Partners (as defined in the WPZ Partnership Agreement) from Operating Surplus (as defined in the WPZ Partnership Agreement) of the WPZ Group immediately prior to Closing (as defined in the 2014 Merger Agreement) of the WPZ Merger.  
     WPZ Partnership Agreement    means the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of August 23, 2005, as amended, of WPZ, as in effect immediately prior to the consummation of the WPZ Merger.  
  Section 1.2      Construction  .  Unless the context requires otherwise:  (a) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms; (b) references to Articles and Sections refer to Articles and Sections of this Agreement; (c) the terms  include ,  includes ,  including  or words of like import shall be deemed to be followed by the words  without limitation  and (d) the terms  hereof ,  herein  or  hereunder  refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.  The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only, and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
  ARTICLE II 
  ORGANIZATION 
  Section 2.1      Formation  .  The General Partner and the Organizational Limited Partner have previously formed the Partnership as a limited partnership pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act.  The General Partner and the Initial Limited Partners hereby amend and restate the original Agreement of Limited Partnership of Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P. in its entirety.  This amendment and restatement shall become effective on the date of this Agreement.  Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the rights, duties (including fiduciary duties), liabilities and obligations of the Partners and the administration, dissolution and termination of the Partnership shall be governed by the Delaware Act.  All Partnership Interests shall constitute personal property of the owner thereof for all purposes. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  21 

Section 2.2      Name  .  The name of the Partnership shall be  WILLIAMS PARTNERS, L.P. .  The Partnership s business may be conducted under any other name or names as determined by the General Partner, including the name of the General Partner.  The words  Limited Partnership,   L.P.,   Ltd.  or similar words or letters shall be included in the Partnership s name where necessary for the purpose of complying with the laws of any jurisdiction that so requires.  The General Partner may change the name of the Partnership at any time and from time to time and shall notify the Limited Partners of such change in the next regular communication to the Limited Partners. 
  Section 2.3      Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices.   Unless and until changed by the General Partner, the registered office of the Partnership in     the State of Delaware shall be located at 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington Delaware 19801, and the registered agent for service of process on the Partnership in the State of Delaware at such registered office shall be Corporation Trust Company. The principal office of the Partnership shall be located at One Williams Center, Tulsa Oklahoma 74172-0172, or such other place as the General Partner may from time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners. The Partnership may maintain offices at such other place or places within or outside the State of Delaware as the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. The address of the General Partner shall be One Williams Center, Tulsa Oklahoma 74172-0172, or such other place as the General Partner may from time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners.        
  Section 2.4      Powers.   The Partnership shall be empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary, appropriate, proper, advisable, incidental to or convenient for the furtherance and accomplishment of the purposes and business described in Section 2.4 and for the protection and benefit of the Partnership.   
  Section 2.5      Term  .  The term of the Partnership commenced upon the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership in accordance with the Delaware Act and shall continue in existence until the dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of Article XII.  The existence of the Partnership as a separate legal entity shall continue until the cancellation of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as provided in the Delaware Act. 
  Section 2.6      Title to Partnership Assets  .  Title to Partnership assets, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, shall be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity and/or its Subsidiaries, and no Partner, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such Partnership assets or any portion thereof.  Title to any or all of the Partnership assets may be held in the name of the Partnership, the General Partner, one or more of its Affiliates or one or more nominees, as the General Partner may determine.  The General Partner hereby declares and warrants that any Partnership assets for which record title is held in the name of the General Partner or one or more of its Affiliates or one or more nominees shall be held by the General Partner or such Affiliate or nominee for the use and benefit of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement;   provided  ,   however  , that the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to cause record title to such assets (other than those assets in respect of which the General Partner determines that the expense and difficulty of conveyancing makes transfer of record title to the Partnership impracticable) to be vested in the Partnership as soon as reasonably practicable;   provided  ,   further  , that, prior to the withdrawal or removal of the General Partner or as soon thereafter as practicable, the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to effect the transfer of record title to the Partnership and, prior to any such transfer, will provide for the use of such assets in a manner satisfactory to the General Partner.  All Partnership assets shall be recorded as the property of the Partnership in its books and records, irrespective of the name in which record title to such Partnership assets is held. 
  ARTICLE III 
  RIGHTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS 
  Section 3.1      Limitation of Liability  .  The Limited Partners shall have no liability under this Agreement except as expressly provided in this Agreement or the Delaware Act. 
  Section 3.2      Management of Business  .  No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall participate in the operation, management or control (within the meaning of the Delaware Act) of the Partnership s business, transact any business in the Partnership s name or have the power to sign documents for or otherwise bind the Partnership.  Any action taken by any Affiliate of the General Partner or any officer, director, employee, manager, member, general partner,  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  22 

agent or trustee of the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, or any officer, director, employee, manager, member, general partner, agent or trustee of a Group Member, in its capacity as such, shall not be deemed to be participating in the control of the business of the Partnership by a limited partner of the Partnership (within the meaning of Section 17 303(a) of the Delaware Act) and shall not affect, impair or eliminate the limitations on the liability of the Limited Partners under this Agreement. 
  Section 3.3      Outside Activities of the Limited Partners  .  Subject to the provisions of Section 7.5, which shall continue to be applicable to the Persons referred to therein, regardless of whether such Persons shall also be Limited Partners, any Limited Partner shall be entitled to and may have business interests and engage in business activities in addition to those relating to the Partnership, including business interests and activities in direct competition with the Partnership Group.  Neither the Partnership nor any of the other Partners shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement in any business ventures of any Limited Partner. 
  Section 3.4      Rights of Limited Partners  . 
  (a)    In addition to other rights provided by this Agreement or by applicable law, and except as limited by Section 3.4(b), each Limited Partner shall have the right, for a purpose reasonably related to such Limited Partner s interest as a Limited Partner in the Partnership, the reasonableness of which having been determined by the General Partner, upon reasonable written demand stating the purpose of such demand, and at such Limited Partner s own expense: 
  (i)    to obtain true and full information regarding the status of the business and financial condition of the Partnership; 
  (ii)    promptly after its becoming available, to obtain a copy of the Partnership s federal, state and local income tax returns for each year; 
  (iii)    to obtain a current list of the name and last known business, residence or mailing address of each Partner; 
  (iv)    to obtain a copy of this Agreement and the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all amendments thereto, together with copies of the executed copies of all powers of attorney pursuant to which this Agreement, the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all amendments thereto have been executed; 
  (v)    to obtain true and full information regarding the amount of cash and a description and statement of the Net Agreed Value of any other Capital Contribution by each Partner and that each Partner has agreed to contribute in the future, and the date on which each became a Partner; and 
  (vi)    to obtain such other information regarding the affairs of the Partnership as is just and reasonable. 
  (b)    The General Partner may keep confidential from the Limited Partners, for such period of time as the General Partner deems reasonable, (i) any information that the General Partner reasonably believes to be in the nature of trade secrets or (ii) other information the disclosure of which the General Partner believes (A) is not in the best interests of the Partnership Group, (B) could damage the Partnership Group or its business or (C) that any Group Member is required by law or by agreement with any third party to keep confidential (other than agreements with Affiliates of the Partnership the primary purpose of which is to circumvent the obligations set forth in this Section 3.4). 

WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  23 

ARTICLE IV 
  CERTIFICATES; RECORD HOLDERS; TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS; 
  REDEMPTION OF PARNTERSHIP INTERESTS 
    
  Section 4.1      Certificates  .  Notwithstanding anything otherwise to the contrary herein, unless the General Partner shall determine otherwise in respect of some or all of any or all classes of Partnership Interests, Partnership Interests shall not be evidenced by certificates.  Certificates that may be issued shall be executed on behalf of the Partnership by the Chairman of the Board, President or any Executive Vice President or Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer or the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the General Partner.  If a Transfer Agent has been appointed for a class of Partnership Interests, no Certificate for such class of Partnership Interests shall be valid for any purpose until it has been countersigned by the Transfer Agent;   provided  ,   however  , that if the General Partner elects to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Interests of such class in global form, the Certificate shall be valid upon receipt of a certificate from the Transfer Agent certifying that the Partnership Interests have been duly registered in accordance with the directions of the Partnership.  Subject to the requirements of Section 6.7(c), if Common Units are evidenced by Certificates, on or after the date on which Subordinated Units are converted into Common Units pursuant to the terms of Section 5.7, the Record Holders of such Subordinated Units (i) if the Subordinated Units are evidenced by Certificates, may exchange such Certificates for Certificates evidencing Common Units or (ii) if the Subordinated Units are not evidenced by Certificates, shall be issued Certificates evidencing Common Units. 
  Section 4.2      Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates  . 
  (a)    If any mutilated Certificate is surrendered to the Transfer Agent, the appropriate officers of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall execute, and the Transfer Agent shall countersign and deliver in exchange therefor, a new Certificate evidencing the same number and type of Partnership Interests as the Certificate so surrendered. 
  (b)    The appropriate officers of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall execute and deliver, and the Transfer Agent shall countersign, a new Certificate in place of any Certificate previously issued if the Record Holder of the Certificate: 
  (i)    makes proof by affidavit, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, that a previously issued Certificate has been lost, destroyed or stolen; 
  (ii)    requests the issuance of a new Certificate before the General Partner has notice that the Certificate has been acquired by a purchaser for value in good faith and without notice of an adverse claim; 
  (iii)    if requested by the General Partner, delivers to the General Partner a bond, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, with surety or sureties and with fixed or open penalty as the General Partner may direct to indemnify the Partnership, the Partners, the General Partner and the Transfer Agent against any claim that may be made on account of the alleged loss, destruction or theft of the Certificate; and 
  (iv)    satisfies any other reasonable requirements imposed by the General Partner. 
  If a Limited Partner fails to notify the General Partner within a reasonable period of time after such Limited Partner has notice of the loss, destruction or theft of a Certificate, and a transfer of the Limited Partner Interests represented by the Certificate is registered before the Partnership, the General Partner or the Transfer Agent receives such notification, the Limited Partner shall be precluded from making any claim against the Partnership, the General Partner or the Transfer Agent for such transfer or for a new Certificate. 
  (c)    As a condition to the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 4.2, the General Partner may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) reasonably connected therewith. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  24 

Section 4.3      Record Holders  .  The Partnership shall be entitled to recognize the Record Holder as the Partner with respect to any Partnership Interest and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such Partnership Interest on the part of any other Person, regardless of whether the Partnership shall have actual or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by law or any applicable rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which such Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading.  Without limiting the foregoing, when a Person (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing) is acting as nominee, agent or in some other representative capacity for another Person in acquiring and/or holding Partnership Interests, as between the Partnership on the one hand, and such other Persons on the other, such representative Person shall be (a) the Record Holder of such Partnership Interest and (b) bound by this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Partner hereunder as, and to the extent, provided herein. 
  Section 4.4      Transfer Generally  . 
  (a)    The term  transfer,  when used in this Agreement with respect to a Partnership Interest, shall mean a transaction (i) by which the General Partner assigns its General Partner Interest to another Person or by which a holder of Incentive Distribution Rights assigns its Incentive Distribution Rights to another Person, and includes a sale, assignment, gift, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation, mortgage, exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise or (ii) by which the holder of a Limited Partner Interest (other than an Incentive Distribution Right) assigns such Limited Partner Interest to another Person who is or becomes a Limited Partner, and includes a sale, assignment, gift, exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise, excluding a pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage but including any transfer upon foreclosure of any pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage. 
  (b)    No Partnership Interest shall be transferred, in whole or in part, except in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Article IV.  Any transfer or purported transfer of a Partnership Interest not made in accordance with this Article IV shall be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, null and void. 
  (c)    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent a disposition by any stockholder, member, partner or other owner of the General Partner or any Limited Partner of any or all of the shares of stock, membership interests, partnership interests or other ownership interests in the General Partner or Limited Partner and the term  transfer  shall not mean any such disposition. 
  Section 4.5      Registration and Transfer of Limited Partner Interests  . 
  (a)    The General Partner shall keep or cause to be kept on behalf of the Partnership a register in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe and subject to the provisions of Section 4.5(b), the Partnership will provide for the registration and transfer of Limited Partner Interests. 
  (b)    The Partnership shall not recognize any transfer of Limited Partner Interests evidenced by Certificates until the Certificates evidencing such Limited Partner Interests are surrendered for registration of transfer.  No charge shall be imposed by the General Partner for such transfer;   provided  , that as a condition to the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 4.5, the General Partner may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed with respect thereto.  Upon surrender of a Certificate for registration of transfer of any Limited Partner Interests evidenced by a Certificate, and subject to the provisions hereof, the appropriate officers of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall execute and deliver, and in the case of Certificates evidencing Limited Partner Interests for which a Transfer Agent has been appointed, the Transfer Agent shall countersign and deliver, in the name of the holder or the designated transferee or transferees, as required pursuant to the holder s instructions, one or more new Certificates evidencing the same aggregate number and type of Limited Partner Interests as was evidenced by the Certificate so surrendered. 
  (c)    By acceptance of the transfer of any Limited Partner Interests in accordance with this Section 4.5 and except as provided in Section 4.9, each transferee of a Limited Partner Interest (including any nominee holder or an agent or representative acquiring such Limited Partner Interests for the account of another Person) (i) shall be admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interests so transferred to such Person when any such transfer or admission is reflected in the books and records of the Partnership and such Limited  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  25 

Partner becomes the Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interests so transferred, (ii) shall become bound, and shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound, by the terms of this Agreement, (iii) represents that the transferee has the capacity, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and (iv) makes the consents, acknowledgements and waivers contained in this Agreement, all with or without execution of this Agreement by such Person.  The transfer of any Limited Partner Interests and the admission of any new Limited Partner shall not constitute an amendment to this Agreement. 
  (d)    Subject to (i) the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.5, (ii) Section 4.3, (iii) Section 4.8, (iv) with respect to any class or series of Limited Partner Interests, the provisions of any statement of designations or an amendment to this Agreement establishing such class or series, (v) any contractual provisions binding on any Limited Partner and (vi) provisions of applicable law including the Securities Act, Limited Partner Interests (other than the Incentive Distribution Rights) shall be freely transferable. 
  (e)    The General Partner and its Affiliates shall have the right at any time to transfer their Subordinated Units and Common Units (whether issued upon conversion of the Subordinated Units or otherwise) to one or more Persons. 
  Section 4.6      Transfer of the General Partner s General Partner Interest  . 
  (a)    Subject to Section 4.6(c) below, prior to June 30, 2020, the General Partner shall not transfer all or any part of its General Partner Interest to a Person unless such transfer (i) has been approved by the prior written consent or vote of the holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (excluding Common Units held by the General Partner and its Affiliates) or (ii) is of all, but not less than all, of its General Partner Interest to (A) an Affiliate of the General Partner (other than an individual) or (B) another Person (other than an individual) in connection with the merger or consolidation of the General Partner with or into such other Person or the transfer by the General Partner of all or substantially all of its assets to such other Person. 
  (b)    Subject to Section 4.6(c) below, on or after June 30, 2020, the General Partner may at its option transfer all or any part of its General Partner Interest without Unitholder approval. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no transfer by the General Partner of all or any part of its General Partner Interest to another Person shall be permitted unless (i) the transferee agrees to assume the rights and duties of the General Partner under this Agreement and to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement, (ii) the Partnership receives an Opinion of Counsel that such transfer would not result in the loss of limited liability under the Delaware Act of any Limited Partner or cause the Partnership to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not already so treated or taxed) and (iii) such transferee also agrees to purchase all (or the appropriate portion thereof, if applicable) of the partnership or membership interest held by the General Partner as the general partner or managing member, if any, of each other Group Member.  In the case of a transfer pursuant to and in compliance with this Section 4.6, the transferee or successor (as the case may be) shall, subject to compliance with the terms of Section 10.2, be admitted to the Partnership as the General Partner effective immediately prior to the transfer of the General Partner Interest, and the business of the Partnership shall continue without dissolution. 
  Section 4.7      Transfer of Incentive Distribution Rights  .  Prior to June 30, 2020, a holder of Incentive Distribution Rights may only transfer any or all of the Incentive Distribution Rights held by such holder without any consent of the Unitholders to (a) an Affiliate of such holder (other than an individual), or (b) another Person (other than an individual) in connection with (i) the merger or consolidation of such holder of Incentive Distribution Rights with or into such other Person, (ii) the transfer by such holder of all or substantially all of its assets to such other Person, (iii) the sale of all the ownership interests in such holder or (iv) the pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage of the Incentive Distribution Rights in favor a Person providing bona fide debt financing to such holder as security or collateral for such debt financing and the transfer of Incentive Distribution Rights in connection with the exercise of any remedy of such Person in connection therewith,   provided  , that such holder entered into such debt financing transaction in good faith for a valid purpose other than the intent to circumvent the restrictions on transfer of Incentive Distribution Rights that would otherwise have applied.  Any other transfer of the Incentive Distribution Rights prior  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  26 

to June 30, 2020 shall require the prior approval of holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (excluding Common Units held by the General Partner and its Affiliates).  On or after June 30, 2020, the General Partner or any other holder of Incentive Distribution Rights may transfer any or all of its Incentive Distribution Rights without Unitholder approval.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the transfer of Common Units issued pursuant to Section 5.11 shall not be treated as a transfer of all or any part of the Incentive Distribution Rights and (ii) no transfer of Incentive Distribution Rights to another Person shall be permitted unless the transferee agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement;   provided  , that no such agreement shall be required for the pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage of the incentive distribution rights. 
  Section 4.8      Restrictions on Transfers  . 
  (a)    Except as provided in Section 4.8(d) below, but notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article IV, no transfer of any Partnership Interests shall be made if such transfer would (i) violate the then applicable federal or state securities laws or rules and regulations of the Commission, any state securities commission or any other governmental authority with jurisdiction over such transfer, (ii) terminate the existence or qualification of the Partnership under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, or (iii) cause the Partnership to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not already so treated or taxed). 
  (b)    The General Partner may impose restrictions on the transfer of Partnership Interests if it determines, with the advice of counsel, that such restrictions are necessary or advisable to (i) avoid a significant risk of the Partnership becoming taxable as a corporation or otherwise becoming taxable as an entity for federal income tax purposes or (ii) preserve the uniformity of the Limited Partner Interests (or any class or classes thereof).  The General Partner may impose such restrictions by amending this Agreement;   provided  ,   however  , that any amendment that would result in the delisting or suspension of trading of any class of Limited Partner Interests on the principal National Securities Exchange on which such class of Limited Partner Interests is then listed or admitted to trading must be approved, prior to such amendment being effected, by the holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Limited Partner Interests of such class. 
  (c)    The transfer of a Subordinated Unit that has converted into a Common Unit shall be subject to the restrictions imposed by Section 6.7.  The transfer of a Convertible Class B Unit that has converted into a Common Unit shall be subject to the restrictions imposed by Section 6.10.  The transfer of a Subordinated Class C Unit that has converted into a Common Unit shall be subject to the restrictions imposed by Section 6.11. 
  (d)    Nothing contained in this Article IV, or elsewhere in this Agreement, shall preclude the settlement of any transactions involving Partnership Interests entered into through the facilities of any National Securities Exchange on which such Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading. 
  (e)    Each certificate evidencing Partnership Interests shall bear a conspicuous legend in substantially the following form: 
  THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER, (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, OR (C) CAUSE WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE TO BE TAXED AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES (TO THE EXTENT NOT ALREADY SO TREATED OR TAXED).  ACCESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP, L.L.C., THE GENERAL PARTNER OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P., MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IF IT RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE NECESSARY TO AVOID A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. BECOMING TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  27 

OR OTHERWISE BECOMING TAXABLE AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES.  THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH ABOVE SHALL NOT PRECLUDE THE SETTLEMENT OF ANY TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS SECURITY ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE FACILITIES OF ANY NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY IS LISTED OR ADMITTED TO TRADING. 
  Section 4.9      Eligibility Certificates; Ineligible Holders  . 
  (a)    If at any time the General Partner determines, with the advice of counsel, that 
  (i)    the Partnership s status other than as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or the failure of the Partnership otherwise to be subject to an entity-level tax for U.S. federal, state or local income tax purposes, coupled with the tax status (or lack of proof of the federal income tax status) of one or more Limited Partners, has or will reasonably likely have a material adverse effect on the maximum applicable rate that can be charged to customers by Subsidiaries of the Partnership (a    Rate Eligibility Trigger   ), or 
  (ii)    any Group Member is subject to any federal, state or local law or regulation that would create a substantial risk of cancellation or forfeiture of any property in which the Group Member has an interest based on the nationality, citizenship or other related status of a Limited Partner (a    Citizenship Eligibility Trigger    
  then, the General Partner may adopt such amendments to this Agreement as it determines to be necessary or advisable to (x) in the case of a Rate Eligibility Trigger, obtain such proof of the federal income tax status of the Limited Partners and, to the extent relevant, their beneficial owners, as the General Partner determines to be necessary to establish those Limited Partners whose federal income tax status does not or would not have a material adverse effect on the maximum applicable rate that can be charged to customers by Subsidiaries of the Partnership or (y) in the case of a Citizenship Eligibility Trigger, obtain such proof of the nationality, citizenship or other related status (or, if the General Partner is a nominee holding for the account of another Person, the nationality, citizenship or other related status of such Person) of the Limited Partner as the General Partner determines to be necessary to establish and those Limited Partners whose status as a Limited Partner does not or would not subject any Group Member to a significant risk of cancellation or forfeiture of any of its properties or interests therein. 
  (b)    Such amendments may include provisions requiring all Limited Partners to certify as to their (and their beneficial owners ) status as Eligible Holders upon demand and on a regular basis, as determined by the General Partner, and may require transferees of Units to so certify prior to being admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner (any such required certificate, an    Eligibility Certificate   ). 
  (c)    Such amendments may provide that any Limited Partner who fails to furnish to the General Partner within a reasonable period requested proof of its (and its beneficial owners ) status as an Eligible Holder or if upon receipt of such Eligibility Certificate or other requested information the General Partner determines that a Limited Partner is not an Eligible Holder (such a Limited Partner an    Ineligible Holder   ), the Limited Partner Interests owned by such Limited Partner shall be subject to redemption in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.10.  In addition, the General Partner shall be substituted for all Limited Partners that are Ineligible Holder as the Limited Partner in respect of the Ineligible Holder s Limited Partner Interests. 
  (d)    The General Partner shall, in exercising voting rights in respect of Limited Partner Interests held by it on behalf of Ineligible Holders, distribute the votes in the same ratios as the votes of Limited Partners (including the General Partner and its Affiliates) in respect of Limited Partner Interests other than those of Ineligible Holders are cast, either for, against or abstaining as to the matter. 
  (e)    Upon dissolution of the Partnership, an Ineligible Holder shall have no right to receive a distribution in kind pursuant to Section 12.4 but shall be entitled to the cash equivalent thereof, and the Partnership shall provide cash in exchange for an assignment of the Ineligible Holder s share of any distribution in kind.  Such payment and  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  28 

assignment shall be treated for Partnership purposes as a purchase by the Partnership from the Ineligible Holder of his Limited Partner Interest (representing his right to receive his share of such distribution in kind). 
  (f)    At any time after he can and does certify that he has become an Eligible Holder, an Ineligible Holder may, upon application to the General Partner, request that with respect to any Limited Partner Interests of such Ineligible Holder not redeemed pursuant to Section 4.10, such Ineligible Holder be admitted as a Limited Partner, and upon approval of the General Partner, such Ineligible Holder shall be admitted as a Limited Partner and shall no longer constitute an Ineligible Holder and the General Partner shall cease to be deemed to be the Limited Partner in respect of the Ineligible Holder s Limited Partner Interests. 
  Section 4.10      Redemption of Partnership Interests of Ineligible Holders  . 
  (a)    If at any time a Limited Partner fails to furnish an Eligibility Certification or other information requested within a reasonable period of time specified in amendments adopted pursuant to Section 4.9, or if upon receipt of such Eligibility Certification or other information the General Partner determines, with the advice of counsel, that a Limited Partner is an Ineligible Holder, the Partnership may, unless the Limited Partner establishes to the satisfaction of the General Partner that such Limited Partner is not an Ineligible Holder or has transferred his Limited Partner Interests to a Person who is an Eligible Holder and who furnishes an Eligibility Certification to the General Partner prior to the date fixed for redemption as provided below, redeem the Limited Partner Interest of such Limited Partner as follows: 
  (i)    The General Partner shall, not later than the 30th day before the date fixed for redemption, give notice of redemption to the Limited Partner, at his last address designated on the records of the Partnership or the Transfer Agent, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid.  The notice shall be deemed to have been given when so mailed.  The notice shall specify the Redeemable Interests, the date fixed for redemption, the place of payment, that payment of the redemption price will be made upon redemption of the Redeemable Interests (or, if later in the case of Redeemable Interests evidenced by Certificates, upon surrender of the Certificate evidencing the Redeemable Interests and that on and after the date fixed for redemption no further allocations or distributions to which the Limited Partner would otherwise be entitled in respect of the Redeemable Interests will accrue or be made. 
  (ii)    The aggregate redemption price for Redeemable Interests shall be an amount equal to the Current Market Price (the date of determination of which shall be the date fixed for redemption) of Limited Partner Interests of the class to be so redeemed multiplied by the number of Limited Partner Interests of each such class included among the Redeemable Interests.  The redemption price shall be paid, as determined by the General Partner, in cash or by delivery of a promissory note of the Partnership in the principal amount of the redemption price, bearing interest at the rate of 5% annually and payable in three equal annual installments of principal together with accrued interest, commencing one year after the redemption date. 
  (iii)    The Limited Partner or his duly authorized representative shall be entitled to receive the payment for the Redeemable Interests at the place of payment specified in the notice of redemption on the redemption date (or, if later in the case of Redeemable Interests evidenced by Certificates, upon surrender by or on behalf of the Limited Partner or Transferee at the place specified in the notice of redemption, of the Certificate evidencing the Redeemable Interests, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by an assignment duly executed in blank). 
  (iv)    After the redemption date, Redeemable Interests shall no longer constitute issued and Outstanding Limited Partner Interests. 
  (b)    The provisions of this Section 4.10 shall also be applicable to Limited Partner Interests held by a Limited Partner as nominee of a Person determined to be other than an Eligible Holder. 
  (c)    Nothing in this Section 4.10 shall prevent the recipient of a notice of redemption from transferring his Limited Partner Interest before the redemption date if such transfer is otherwise permitted under this Agreement.   
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  29 

Upon receipt of notice of such a transfer, the General Partner shall withdraw the notice of redemption,   provided   the transferee of such Limited Partner Interest certifies to the satisfaction of the General Partner that he is an Eligible Holder.  If the transferee fails to make such certification, such redemption shall be effected from the transferee on the original redemption date. 
  ARTICLE V 
  CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
  Section 5.1      Organizational Contributions  .  In connection with the formation of the Partnership under the Delaware Act, the General Partner made an initial Capital Contribution to the Partnership in the amount of $20.00 in exchange for a General Partner Interest equal to a 2% Percentage Interest and has been admitted as the General Partner of the Partnership.  The Organizational Limited Partner made an initial Capital Contribution to the Partnership in the amount of $980.00 in exchange for a Limited Partner Interest equal to a 98% Percentage Interest and has been admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership.  Subsequent to the formation of the Partnership, the Organizational Limited Partner distributed its Limited Partner Interest to the Initial Limited Partners.  As of the Closing Date, and effective with the admission of another Limited Partner to the Partnership, the interests of the General Partner and the Initial Limited Partners shall be redeemed as provided in the Contribution Agreement and the initial Capital Contributions of (i) the Organizational Limited Partner shall be refunded to the Initial Limited Partners and (ii) the General Partner shall be refunded to the General Partner.  Ninety-eight percent of any interest or other profit that may have resulted from the investment or other use of such initial Capital Contributions shall be allocated and distributed to the Initial Limited Partners, and the balance thereof shall be allocated and distributed to the General Partner, as provided in the Contribution Agreement. 
  Section 5.2      Contributions by the General Partner and its Affiliates  . 
  (c)    On the Closing Date and pursuant to the Contribution Agreement:  (i) the General Partner shall contribute to the Partnership, as a Capital Contribution, the GP Interest (as defined in the Contribution Agreement), in exchange for (A) a continuation of its General Partner Interest equal to a 2% Percentage Interest (after giving effect to any exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and the Deferred Issuance and Distribution), subject to all of the rights, privileges and duties of the General Partner under this Agreement, and (B) the Incentive Distribution Rights; (ii) Chesapeake Holdings shall contribute to the Partnership, as a Capital Contribution, the Holdings LP Interest (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) in exchange for 23,913,061 Common Units and 34,538,061 Subordinated Units; (iii) GIP A shall contribute to the Partnership, as a Capital Contribution, the GIP A LP Interest (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) in exchange for 7,287,810 Common Units, 12,144,753 Subordinated Units and the right to receive 35.1633907% of the Deferred Issuance and Distribution; (iv) GIP B shall contribute to the Partnership, as a Capital Contribution, the GIP B LP Interest (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) in exchange for 2,826,853 Common Units, 4,710,802 Subordinated Units and the right to receive 13.6394516% of the Deferred Issuance and Distribution; and (v) GIP C shall contribute to the Partnership, as a Capital Contribution, the GIP C LP Interest (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) in exchange for 10,610,898 Common Units, 17,682,506 Subordinated Units and the right to receive 51.1971577% of the Deferred Issuance and Distribution. 
  (d)    Upon the issuance of any additional Limited Partner Interests by the Partnership (other than the Common Units issued in the Initial Offering, the Common Units and Subordinated Units issued pursuant to Section 5.2(a) (including any Common Units issued pursuant to the Deferred Issuance and Distribution), the Common Units issued upon conversion of the Subordinated Units and any Common Units issued pursuant to Section 5.11), the General Partner may, in order to maintain its Percentage Interest, make additional Capital Contributions in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the quotient determined by dividing (A) the General Partner s Percentage Interest by (B) 100 less the General Partner s Percentage Interest times (ii) the amount contributed to the Partnership by the Limited Partners in exchange for such additional Limited Partner Interests.  Except as set forth in Section 12.8, the General Partner shall not be obligated to make any additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership. 
  Section 5.3      Contributions by Initial Limited Partners  . 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  30 

(a)    On the Closing Date and pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, each Underwriter shall contribute cash to the Partnership in exchange for the issuance by the Partnership of Common Units to each Underwriter, all as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. 
  (b)    Upon the exercise, if any, of the Over-Allotment Option, each Underwriter shall contribute cash to the Partnership in exchange for the issuance by the Partnership of Common Units to each Underwriter, all as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. 
  (c)    No Limited Partner will be required to make any additional Capital Contribution to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement. 
  Section 5.4      Interest and Withdrawal  .  No interest shall be paid by the Partnership on Capital Contributions.  No Partner shall be entitled to the withdrawal or return of its Capital Contribution, except to the extent, if any, that distributions made pursuant to this Agreement or upon liquidation of the Partnership may be considered as such by law and then only to the extent provided for in this Agreement.  Except to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have priority over any other Partner either as to the return of Capital Contributions or as to profits, losses or distributions.  Any such return shall be a compromise to which all Partners agree within the meaning of Section 17 502(b) of the Delaware Act. 
  Section 5.5      Capital Accounts  . 
  (a)    The Partnership shall maintain for each Partner (or a beneficial owner of Partnership Interests held by a nominee in any case in which the nominee has furnished the identity of such owner to the Partnership in accordance with Section 6031(c) of the Code or any other method acceptable to the General Partner) owning a Partnership Interest a separate Capital Account with respect to such Partnership Interest in accordance with the rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(iv).  Such Capital Account shall be increased by (i) the amount of all Capital Contributions made to the Partnership with respect to such Partnership Interest and (ii) all items of Partnership income and gain (including income and gain exempt from tax) computed in accordance with Section 5.5(b) and allocated with respect to such Partnership Interest pursuant to Section 6.1, and decreased by (x) the amount of cash or Net Agreed Value of all actual and deemed distributions of cash or property made with respect to such Partnership Interest and (y) all items of Partnership deduction and loss computed in accordance with Section 5.5(b) and allocated with respect to such Partnership Interest pursuant to Section 6.1. 
  (b)    For purposes of computing the amount of any item of income, gain, loss or deduction that is to be allocated pursuant to Article VI and is to be reflected in the Partners  Capital Accounts, the determination, recognition and classification of any such item shall be the same as its determination, recognition and classification for federal income tax purposes (including any method of depreciation, cost recovery or amortization used for that purpose),   provided  , that: 
  (i)    Solely for purposes of this Section 5.5, the Partnership shall be treated as owning directly its proportionate share (as determined by the General Partner based upon the provisions of the applicable Group Member Agreement) of all property owned by (x) any other Group Member that is classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes and (y) any other partnership, limited liability company, unincorporated business or other entity classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes of which a Group Member is, directly or indirectly, a partner, member or other equity holder. 
  (ii)    All fees and other expenses incurred by the Partnership to promote the sale of (or to sell) a Partnership Interest that can neither be deducted nor amortized under Section 709 of the Code, if any, shall, for purposes of Capital Account maintenance, be treated as an item of deduction at the time such fees and other expenses are incurred and shall be allocated among the Partners pursuant to Section 6.1. 
  (iii)    Except as otherwise provided in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m), the computation of all items of income, gain, loss and deduction shall be made without regard to any election under Section 754 of the Code that may be made by the Partnership and, as to those items described in  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  31 

Section 705(a)(1)(B) or 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code, without regard to the fact that such items are not includable in gross income or are neither currently deductible nor capitalized for federal income tax purposes.  To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or 743(b) of the Code is required, pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(iv)(m), to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts, the amount of such adjustment in the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain or loss. 
  (iv)    Any income, gain or loss attributable to the taxable disposition of any Partnership property shall be determined as if the adjusted basis of such property as of such date of disposition were equal in amount to the Partnership s Carrying Value with respect to such property as of such date. 
  (v)    In accordance with the requirements of Section 704(b) of the Code, any deductions for depreciation, cost recovery or amortization attributable to any Contributed Property shall be determined as if the adjusted basis of such property on the date it was acquired by the Partnership were equal to the Agreed Value of such property.  Upon an adjustment pursuant to Section 5.5(d) to the Carrying Value of any Partnership property subject to depreciation, cost recovery or amortization, any further deductions for such depreciation, cost recovery or amortization attributable to such property shall be determined under the rules prescribed by Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 3(d)(2) as if the adjusted basis of such property were equal to the Carrying Value of such property immediately following such adjustment. 
  (vi)    The Gross Liability Value of each Liability of the Partnership described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752 7(b)(3)(i) shall be adjusted at such times as provided in this Agreement for an adjustment to Carrying Values.  The amount of any such adjustment shall be treated for purposes hereof as an item of loss (if the adjustment increases the Carrying Value of such Liability of the Partnership) or an item of gain (if the adjustment decreases the Carrying Value of such Liability of the Partnership). 
  (c)    (i) A transferee of a Partnership Interest shall succeed to a pro rata portion of the Capital Account of the transferor relating to the Partnership Interest so transferred. 
  (ii)    Subject to Section 6.7(c), immediately prior to the transfer of a Subordinated Unit or of a Subordinated Unit that has converted into a Common Unit pursuant to Section 5.7 by a holder thereof (other than a transfer to an Affiliate unless the General Partner elects to have this subparagraph 5.5(c)(ii) apply), the Capital Account maintained for such Person with respect to its Subordinated Units or converted Subordinated Units will (A) first, be allocated to the Subordinated Units or converted Subordinated Units to be transferred in an amount equal to the product of (x) the number of such Subordinated Units or converted Subordinated Units to be transferred and (y) the Per Unit Capital Amount for a Common Unit, and (B) second, any remaining balance in such Capital Account will be retained by the transferor, regardless of whether it has retained any Subordinated Units or converted Subordinated Units.  Following any such allocation, the transferor s Capital Account, if any, maintained with respect to the retained Subordinated Units or retained converted Subordinated Units, if any, will have a balance equal to the amount allocated under clause (B) hereinabove, and the transferee s Capital Account established with respect to the transferred Subordinated Units or transferred converted Subordinated Units will have a balance equal to the amount allocated under clause (A) hereinabove. 
  (d)    (i) Consistent with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(iv)(f), on an issuance of additional Partnership Interests for cash or Contributed Property, the issuance of Partnership Interests as consideration for the provision of services, or the conversion of the General Partner s Combined Interest to Common Units pursuant to Section 11.3(b), the Carrying Value of each Partnership property immediately prior to such issuance shall be adjusted upward or downward to reflect any Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss attributable to such Partnership property, and any such Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss shall be treated, for purposes of maintaining Capital Accounts, as if it had been recognized on an actual sale of each such property for an amount equal to its fair market value immediately prior to such issuance and had been allocated among the Partners at such time pursuant to Section 6.1 in the same manner as any item of gain or loss actually recognized following an event giving rise to the dissolution of the Partnership would have been allocated;   provided  ,   however  , that in the event of an issuance of Partnership Interests for a de minimis amount of cash or Contributed Property, or in the event of an issuance of a de minimis amount of Partnership Interests  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  32 

as consideration for the provision of services, the General Partner may determine that such adjustments are unnecessary for the proper administration of the Partnership.  In determining such Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss, the aggregate fair market value of all Partnership property (including cash or cash equivalents) immediately prior to the issuance of additional Partnership Interests shall be determined by the General Partner using such method of valuation as it may adopt.  In making its determination of the fair market values of individual properties, the General Partner may determine that it is appropriate to first determine an aggregate value for the Partnership, based on the current trading price of the Common Units, and taking fully into account the fair market value of the Partnership Interests of all Partners at such time, and then allocate such aggregate value among the individual properties of the Partnership (in such manner as it determines appropriate). 
  (ii)    In accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(iv)(f), immediately prior to any actual or deemed distribution to a Partner of any Partnership property (other than a distribution of cash that is not in redemption or retirement of a Partnership Interest), the Carrying Value of all Partnership property shall be adjusted upward or downward to reflect any Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss attributable to such Partnership property, and any such Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss shall be treated, for purposes of maintaining Capital Accounts, as if it had been recognized on an actual sale of each such property immediately prior to such distribution for an amount equal to its fair market value, and had been allocated among the Partners, at such time, pursuant to Section 6.1 in the same manner as any item of gain or loss actually recognized following an event giving rise to the dissolution of the Partnership would have been allocated.  In determining such Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss the aggregate fair market value of all Partnership property (including cash or cash equivalents) immediately prior to a distribution shall (A) in the case of an actual distribution that is not made pursuant to Section 12.4 or in the case of a deemed distribution, be determined in the same manner as that provided in Section 5.5(d)(i) or (B) in the case of a liquidating distribution pursuant to Section 12.4, be determined by the Liquidator using such method of valuation as it may adopt. 
  Section 5.6      Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests  . 
  (a)    The Partnership may issue additional Partnership Interests and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to the Partnership Interests (including as described in Section 7.4(c)) for any Partnership purpose at any time and from time to time to such Persons for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as the General Partner shall determine, all without the approval of any Limited Partners. 
  (b)    Each additional Partnership Interest authorized to be issued by the Partnership pursuant to Section 5.6(a) may be issued in one or more classes, or one or more series of any such classes, with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties (which may be senior to existing classes and series of Partnership Interests), as shall be fixed by the General Partner, including (i) the right to share in Partnership profits and losses or items thereof; (ii) the right to share in Partnership distributions; (iii) the rights upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership; (iv) whether, and the terms and conditions upon which, the Partnership may or shall be required to redeem the Partnership Interest (including sinking fund provisions); (v) whether such Partnership Interest is issued with the privilege of conversion or exchange and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange; (vi) the terms and conditions upon which each Partnership Interest will be issued, evidenced by certificates and assigned or transferred; (vii) the method for determining the Percentage Interest as to such Partnership Interest; and (viii) the right, if any, of each such Partnership Interest to vote on Partnership matters, including matters relating to the relative rights, preferences and privileges of such Partnership Interest. 
  (c)    The General Partner shall take all actions that it determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with (i) each issuance of Partnership Interests and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to Partnership Interests pursuant to this Section 5.6, including Common Units issued in connection with the Deferred Issuance and Distribution, (ii) the conversion of the Combined Interest into Units pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (iii) the issuance of Common Units pursuant to Section 5.11, (iv) reflecting admission of such additional Limited Partners in the books and records of the Partnership as the Record Holder of such Limited Partner Interest and (v) all additional issuances of Partnership Interests.  The General Partner shall determine the relative rights, powers and duties of the holders of the Units or other Partnership Interests being so issued.  The General Partner shall do all things necessary to comply with the Delaware Act and is authorized and directed to do all things that it determines to be necessary or  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  33 

appropriate in connection with any future issuance of Partnership Interests or in connection with the conversion of the Combined Interest into Units pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including compliance with any statute, rule, regulation or guideline of any federal, state or other governmental agency or any National Securities Exchange on which the Units or other Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading. 
  (d)    No fractional Units shall be issued by the Partnership. 
  Section 5.7      Conversion of Subordinated Units  . 
  (a)    All of the Subordinated Units shall convert into Common Units on a one-for-one basis on the first Business Day following the distribution of Available Cash to Partners pursuant to Section 6.3(a) in respect of the final Quarter of the Subordination Period. 
  (b)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all the then Outstanding Subordinated Units may convert into Common Units on a one-for-one basis as set forth in, and pursuant to the terms of, Section 11.4. 
  (c)    A Subordinated Unit that has converted into a Common Unit shall be subject to the provisions of Section 6.7. 
  Section 5.8      Limited Preemptive Right  .  Except as provided in this Section 5.8 and in Section 5.2 or as otherwise provided in a separate agreement by the Partnership, no Person shall have any preemptive, preferential or other similar right with respect to the issuance of any Partnership Interest, whether unissued, held in the treasury or hereafter created.  The General Partner shall have the right, which it may from time to time assign in whole or in part to any of its Affiliates or the beneficial owners thereof or any of their respective Affiliates, to purchase Partnership Interests from the Partnership whenever, and on the same terms that, the Partnership issues Partnership Interests to Persons other than the General Partner and its Affiliates or such beneficial owners or any of their respective Affiliates, to the extent necessary to maintain the Percentage Interests of the General Partner and its Affiliates and such beneficial owners or any of their respective Affiliates equal to that which existed immediately prior to the issuance of such Partnership Interests. 
  Section 5.9      Splits and Combinations  . 
  (a)    Subject to Section 5.9(d), Section 6.6 and Section 6.9 (dealing with adjustments of distribution levels), the Partnership may make a Pro Rata distribution of Partnership Interests to all Record Holders or may effect a subdivision or combination of Partnership Interests so long as, after any such event, each Partner shall have the same Percentage Interest in the Partnership as before such event, and any amounts calculated on a per Unit basis (including any Common Unit Arrearage or Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage) or stated as a number of Units are proportionately adjusted retroactive to the beginning of the Partnership. 
  (b)    Whenever such a distribution, subdivision or combination of Partnership Interests is declared, the General Partner shall select a Record Date as of which the distribution, subdivision or combination shall be effective and shall send notice thereof at least 20 days prior to such Record Date to each Record Holder as of a date not less than 10 days prior to the date of such notice.  The General Partner also may cause a firm of independent public accountants selected by it to calculate the number of Partnership Interests to be held by each Record Holder after giving effect to such distribution, subdivision or combination.  The General Partner shall be entitled to rely on any certificate provided by such firm as conclusive evidence of the accuracy of such calculation. 
  (c)    Promptly following any such distribution, subdivision or combination, the Partnership may issue Certificates to the Record Holders of Partnership Interests as of the applicable Record Date representing the new number of Partnership Interests held by such Record Holders, or the General Partner may adopt such other procedures that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to reflect such changes.  If any such combination results in a smaller total number of Partnership Interests Outstanding, the Partnership shall require, as a condition to the delivery to a Record Holder of such new Certificate, the surrender of any Certificate held by such Record Holder immediately prior to such Record Date. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  34 

(d)    The Partnership shall not issue fractional Units upon any distribution, subdivision or combination of Units.  If a distribution, subdivision or combination of Units would result in the issuance of fractional Units but for the provisions of Section 5.6(d) and this Section 5.9(d), each fractional Unit shall be rounded to the nearest whole Unit (and a 0.5 Unit shall be rounded to the next higher Unit). 
  Section 5.10      Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Nature of Limited Partner Interests  .  All Limited Partner Interests issued pursuant to, and in accordance with the requirements of, this Article V shall be fully paid and non-assessable Limited Partner Interests in the Partnership, except as such non-assessability may be affected by Section 17 607 or 17 804 of the Delaware Act. 
  Section 5.11      Issuance of Common Units in Connection with Reset of Incentive Distribution Rights  . 
  (a)    Subject to the provisions of this Section 5.11, the holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights (or, if there is more than one holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights, the holders of a majority in interest of the Incentive Distribution Rights) shall have the right, at any time when there are no Subordinated Units outstanding and the Partnership has made a distribution pursuant to Section 6.4(b)(v) for each of the four most recently completed Quarters and the amount of each such distribution did not exceed Adjusted Operating Surplus for such Quarter, to make an election (the    IDR Reset Election   ) to cause the Minimum Quarterly Distribution and the Target Distributions to be reset in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.11(e) and, in connection therewith, the holder or holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights will become entitled to receive their respective proportionate share of a number of Common Units (the    IDR Reset Common Units   ) derived by dividing (i) the average amount of cash distributions made by the Partnership for the two full Quarters immediately preceding the giving of the Reset Notice (as defined in Section 5.11(b)) in respect of the Incentive Distribution Rights by (ii) the average of the cash distributions made by the Partnership in respect of each Common Unit for the two full Quarters immediately preceding the giving of the Reset Notice (the    Reset MQD   ) (the number of Common Units determined by such quotient is referred to herein as the    Aggregate Quantity of IDR Reset Common Units   ).  The Percentage Interest of the General Partner after the issuance of the Aggregate Quantity of IDR Reset Common Units shall equal the Percentage Interest of the General Partner prior to the issuance of the Aggregate Quantity of IDR Reset Common Units and the General Partner shall not be obligated to make any additional Capital Contribution to the Partnership in order to maintain its Percentage Interest in connection therewith.  The making of the IDR Reset Election in the manner specified in Section 5.11(b) shall cause the Minimum Quarterly Distribution and the Target Distributions to be reset in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.11(e) and, in connection therewith, the holder or holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights will become entitled to receive Common Units on the basis specified above, without any further approval required by the General Partner or the Unitholders, at the time specified in Section 5.11(c) unless the IDR Reset Election is rescinded pursuant to Section 5.11(d). 
  (b)    To exercise the right specified in Section 5.11(a), the holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights (or, if there is more than one holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights, the holders of a majority in interest of the Incentive Distribution Rights) shall deliver a written notice (the    Reset Notice   ) to the Partnership.  Within 10 Business Days after the receipt by the Partnership of such Reset Notice, as the case may be, the Partnership shall deliver a written notice to the holder or holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights of the Partnership s determination of the aggregate number of Common Units which each holder of Incentive Distribution Rights will be entitled to receive. 
  (c)    The holder or holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights will be entitled to receive the Aggregate Quantity of IDR Reset Common Units on the fifteenth Business Day after receipt by the Partnership of the Reset Notice;   provided  ,   however  , that the issuance of Common Units to the holder or holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights shall not occur prior to the approval of the listing or admission for trading of such Common Units by the principal National Securities Exchange upon which the Common Units are then listed or admitted for trading if any such approval is required pursuant to the rules and regulations of such National Securities Exchange. 
  (d)    If the principal National Securities Exchange upon which the Common Units are then traded has not approved the listing or admission for trading of the Common Units to be issued pursuant to this Section 5.11 on or before the 30th calendar day following the Partnership s receipt of the Reset Notice and such approval is required by the rules and regulations of such National Securities Exchange, then the holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights (or, if there is more than one holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights, the holders of a majority in interest of the  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  35 

Incentive Distribution Rights) shall have the right to either rescind the IDR Reset Election or elect to receive other Partnership Interests having such terms as the General Partner may approve, with the approval of the Conflicts Committee, that will provide (i) the same economic value, in the aggregate, as the Aggregate Quantity of IDR Reset Common Units would have had at the time of the Partnership s receipt of the Reset Notice, as determined by the General Partner, and (ii) for the subsequent conversion of such Partnership Interests into Common Units within not more than 12 months following the Partnership s receipt of the Reset Notice upon the satisfaction of one or more conditions that are reasonably acceptable to the holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights (or, if there is more than one holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights, the holders of a majority in interest of the Incentive Distribution Rights). 
  (e)    The Minimum Quarterly Distribution, First Target Distribution, Second Target Distribution and Third Target Distribution shall be adjusted at the time of the issuance of Common Units or other Partnership Interests pursuant to this Section 5.11 such that (i) the Minimum Quarterly Distribution shall be reset to equal to the Reset MQD, (ii) the First Target Distribution shall be reset to equal 115% of the Reset MQD, (iii) the Second Target Distribution shall be reset to equal to 125% of the Reset MQD and (iv) the Third Target Distribution shall be reset to equal 150% of the Reset MQD. 
  (f)    Upon the issuance of IDR Reset Common Units pursuant to Section 5.11(a), the Capital Account maintained with respect to the Incentive Distribution Rights shall (A) first, be allocated to IDR Reset Common Units in an amount equal to the product of (x) the Aggregate Quantity of IDR Reset Common Units and (y) the Per Unit Capital Amount for an Initial Common Unit, and (B) second, any remaining balance in such Capital Account will be retained by the holder of the Incentive Distributions Rights.  In the event that there is not a sufficient Capital Account associated with the Incentive Distribution Rights to allocate the full Per Unit Capital Amount for an Initial Common Unit to the IDR Reset Common Units in accordance with clause (A) of this Section 5.11(f), the IDR Reset Common Units shall be subject to Sections 6.1(d)(x)(B) and (C). 
  Section 5.12      Establishment of Convertible Class B Units 
  (a)    The General Partner hereby designates and creates a series of Units to be designated as  Convertible Class B Units,  having the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
  (b)    The holders of the Convertible Class B Units shall have rights upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership, including the right to share in any liquidating distributions pursuant to Section 12.4, in accordance with Article XII. 
  (c)      Conversion of Convertible Class B Units 
  (i)    Effective from the business day after the record date for the distribution on Common Units for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2014, each Convertible Class B Unit shall become convertible at the election of the holder thereof or the Partnership into a Common Unit on a one-for-one basis by delivery of written notice to the Partnership or the holder thereof, as applicable, setting forth the number of Convertible Class B Units held by the holder, the number of Convertible Class B Units it is electing to convert, and other applicable information as may be reasonably requested by the Partnership or the holder thereof, as applicable (such date on which a holder or the Partnership elects to convert a Convertible Class B Unit, a  Convertible Class B Conversion Date ).  If such Convertible Class B Units are Certificated, a Convertible Class B Unit Certificate shall be delivered by the holder to the Transfer Agent representing an amount of Convertible Class B Units at least equal to the amount such holder or the Partnership, as applicable, is electing to convert (or an instruction letter shall be delivered by the holder to the Transfer Agent if the Convertible Class B Units are in book-entry form), together with such additional information as may be requested by the Transfer Agent.  Thereafter, the Partnership shall take commercially reasonable steps to complete the conversion in accordance with this Section 5.12(c).  In the case of any Certificate representing Convertible Class B Units which are converted in part only, upon such conversion the Transfer Agent shall authenticate and deliver to the holder of Convertible Class B Units thereof, at the expense of the Partnership, a new Certificate representing the number of Convertible Class B Units not so converted. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  36 

(ii)    Upon conversion, the rights of a holder of converted Convertible Class B Units as holder of Convertible Class B Units shall cease with respect to such converted Convertible Class B Units, including any rights under this Agreement with respect to holders of Convertible Class B Units, and such Person shall continue to be a Limited Partner and have the rights of a holder of Common Units under this Agreement with respect to the Common Units received in such conversion.  Each Convertible Class B Unit shall, upon its Conversion Date, be deemed to be transferred to, and cancelled by, the Partnership in exchange for the issuance of the Common Unit into which such Convertible Class B Unit converted. 
  (iii)    The Partnership shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes or duties relating to the issuance or delivery of Common Units upon conversion of the Convertible Class B Units.  However, the holder shall pay any tax or duty that may be payable relating to any transfer involving the issuance or delivery of Common Units in a name other than the holder s name.  The Transfer Agent may refuse to deliver the Certificate representing Common Units (or notation of book entry) being issued in a name other than the holder s name until the Transfer Agent receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax or duties which will be due because the Common Units are to be issued in a name other than the holder s name.  Nothing herein shall preclude any tax withholding required by law or regulation. 
  (iv)    (A) The Partnership shall keep free from preemptive rights a sufficient number of Common Units to permit the conversion of all Outstanding Convertible Class B Units into Common Units to the extent provided in, and in accordance with, this Section 5.12(c). 
  (B)    All Common Units delivered upon conversion of the Convertible Class B Units shall be newly issued, shall be duly authorized and validly issued, and shall be free from preemptive rights and free of any lien or adverse claim. 
  (C)    The Partnership shall comply with all applicable securities laws regulating the offer and delivery of any Common Units upon conversion of Convertible Class B Units and, if the Common Units are then listed or quoted on the New York Stock Exchange, or any other National Securities Exchange or other market, shall list or cause to have quoted and keep listed and quoted the Common Units issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Class B Units to the extent permitted or required by the rules of such exchange or market. 
  (D)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing herein shall give to any holder of Convertible Class B Units any rights as a creditor in respect of its right to conversion. 
  (d)      Allocations  .  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, during the period commencing upon issuance of the Convertible Class B Units and ending on the Convertible Class B Conversion Date, all items of Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction and credit, including Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss to be allocated to the Partners pursuant to Section 6.1(c), shall be allocated to the Convertible Class B Units to the same extent as such items would be so allocated if such Convertible Class B Units were Common Units that were then Outstanding. 
  (e)      Distributions  . 
  (i)    Prior to the Class B Conversion Date, the Convertible Class B Units shall not be entitled to receive distributions of Available Cash pursuant to Section 6.3(a).  Convertible Class B Units shall receive distributions of paid-in-kind additional Convertible Class B Units (such distribution, a  Convertible Class B Unit Distribution ) for each distribution period that distributions are made with respect to Common Units, including distributions for Common Unit Arrearages.  The number of Units to be issued in connection with a Convertible Class B Unit Distribution shall be the quotient of (A) the amount of the distribution declared for the Common Units for the applicable distribution period divided by (B) the VWAP Price calculated as of the date such quarterly distribution on all Units is declared; provided that instead of issuing any fractional Convertible Class B Units, the Partnership shall round the number of Convertible Class B Units issued down to the next lower whole Convertible Class B Unit and pay cash in lieu of such fractional units, or at the Partnership s option, the Partnership may round the number of Convertible Class B Units issued up to the next  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  37 

higher whole Convertible Class B Unit.  Any Convertible Class B Units issued pursuant to this Section 5.12(e) shall have all rights of a Convertible Class B Unit, including rights to distributions in any period subsequent to such Convertible Class B Unit issuance. 
  (ii)    Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.12(e) to the contrary, with respect to Convertible Class B Units that are converted into Common Units, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to a Convertible Class B Unit Distribution and a Common Unit distribution with respect to the same distribution period, but shall be entitled only to the distribution to be paid based upon the class of Units held as of the close of business on the applicable Record Date. 
  (iii)    For each Convertible Class B Unit Distribution, the Partnership shall issue the Convertible Class B Units to such holder no later than the date the corresponding distributions are made on the Common Units for such distribution period.  The Partnership shall issue to such holder of Convertible Class B Units by notation in book entry form in the books of the Transfer Agent, or at the election of such holder, a physical certificate. 
  (iv)    Subject to and without limiting the other provisions of this Section 5.12, and subject to Section 12.4(c), each Convertible Class B Unit shall have the right to share in distributions of cash, securities or other property and in the form of such cash, securities or other property (other than distributions pursuant to Section 6.3(a)) on a Pro Rata basis with the Common Units as if the Convertible Class B Units had converted to Common Units. 
  (f)      Voting  .  The Convertible Class B Units will have such voting rights pursuant to the Agreement as such Convertible Class B Units would have if they were Common Units that were then Outstanding and shall vote together with the Common Units as a single class, except that the Convertible Class B Units shall be entitled to vote as a separate class on any matter on which Unitholders are entitled to vote that adversely affects the rights or preferences of the Convertible Class B Units in relation to other classes of Partnership Interests in any material respect or as required by law.  The approval of a majority of the Convertible Class B Units shall be required to approve any matter for which the holders of the Convertible Class B Units are entitled to vote as a separate class. 
  (g)      Merger and other Extraordinary Transactions  .  Subject to Section 12.4(c), if (1) there shall be (a) a statutory unit exchange, consolidation, merger or combination involving the Partnership, other than a merger in which the Partnership is the continuing partnership and which does not result in any change (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination pursuant Section 6.3(d)) in Outstanding Common Units; or (b) a sale or conveyance as an entirety or substantially as an entirety of the property and assets of the Partnership, directly or indirectly, to another Person; and (2) pursuant to such statutory unit exchange, consolidation, merger, combination, sale or conveyance, Outstanding Common Units are converted or exchanged into or for stock (other than Common Units), other securities, other property, assets or cash, then each Convertible Class B Unit (including the Convertible Class B Units issued as a distribution) shall, as a condition precedent to such statutory unit exchange, consolidation, merger, combination, sale or conveyance, be converted into a Common Unit on a one-for-one basis; provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, no Unitholder shall receive consideration which is greater in amount than the balance of such Unitholder s Capital Account after taking into account all adjustments, including allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction through the date of such merger or other extraordinary transaction. 
  (h)      Convertible Class B Minority Protection  .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Partnership shall not take any action that adversely affects any of the rights, preferences or privileges of the Convertible Class B Units.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, until all Convertible Class B Units are converted pursuant to Section 5.12(c), the Partnership shall not issue any equity securities (other than Common Units, the Subordinated Class C Units being issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement and any additional General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 5.2(b)) unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Convertible Class B Units approve such issuance. 
  Section 5.13      Establishment of Subordinated Class C Units 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  38 

(a)    The General Partner hereby designates and creates a series of Units to be designated as  Subordinated Class C Units,  having the terms and conditions set forth herein.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Subordinated Class C Units shall be treated as if such Subordinated Class C Units were Common Units that were then Outstanding. 
  (b)    The holders of the Subordinated Class C Units shall have rights upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership, including the right to share in any liquidating distributions pursuant to Section 12.4, in accordance with Article XII. 
  (c)      Conversion of Subordinated Class C Units 
  (i)    The Subordinated Class C Units shall not have the privilege of conversion as set forth in Section 5.7 of this Agreement (and Section 5.7 shall not apply to Subordinated Class C Units), rather, subject to Section 6.11, effective on the business day after the record date for the distribution on Common Units for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2013, each Subordinated Class C Unit shall become convertible at the election of the holder thereof or the Partnership into a Common Unit on a one-for-one basis by delivery of written notice to the Partnership or the holder thereof, as applicable, setting forth the number of Subordinated Class C Units held by the holder, the number of Subordinated Class C Units it is electing to convert, and other applicable information as may be reasonably requested by the Partnership or the holder thereof, as applicable (such date on which a holder or the Partnership elects to convert a Subordinated Class C Unit, a  Subordinated Class C Conversion Date ).  If such Subordinated Class C Units are Certificated, a Subordinated Class C Unit Certificate shall be delivered by the holder to the Transfer Agent representing an amount of Subordinated Class C Units at least equal to the amount such holder or the Partnership, as applicable, is electing to convert (or an instruction letter shall be delivered by the holder to the Transfer Agent if the Subordinated Class C Units are in book-entry form), together with such additional information as may be requested by the Transfer Agent.  Thereafter, the Partnership shall take commercially reasonable steps to complete the conversion in accordance with this Section 5.13(c).  In the case of any Certificate representing Subordinated Class C Units which are converted in part only, upon such conversion the Transfer Agent shall authenticate and deliver to the holder of Subordinated Class C Units thereof, at the expense of the Partnership, a new Certificate representing the number of Subordinated Class C Units not so converted. 
  (ii)    Upon conversion, the rights of a holder of converted Subordinated Class C Units as holder of Subordinated Class C Units shall cease with respect to such converted Subordinated Class C Units, including any rights under this Agreement with respect to holders of Subordinated Class C Units, and such Person shall continue to be a Limited Partner and have the rights of a holder of Common Units under this Agreement with respect to the Common Units received in such conversion.  Each Subordinated Class C Unit shall, upon its Conversion Date, be deemed to be transferred to, and cancelled by, the Partnership in exchange for the issuance of the Common Unit into which such Subordinated Class C Unit converted. 
  (iii)    The Partnership shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes or duties relating to the issuance or delivery of Common Units upon conversion of the Subordinated Class C Units.  However, the holder shall pay any tax or duty that may be payable relating to any transfer involving the issuance or delivery of Common Units in a name other than the holder s name.  The Transfer Agent may refuse to deliver the Certificate representing Common Units (or notation of book entry) being issued in a name other than the holder s name until the Transfer Agent receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax or duties which will be due because the Common Units are to be issued in a name other than the holder s name.  Nothing herein shall preclude any tax withholding required by law or regulation. 
  (iv)    (A) The Partnership shall keep free from preemptive rights a sufficient number of Common Units to permit the conversion of all Outstanding Subordinated Class C Units into Common Units to the extent provided in, and in accordance with, this Section 5.13(c). 

WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  39 

(B)    All Common Units delivered upon conversion of the Subordinated Class C Units shall be newly issued, shall be duly authorized and validly issued, and shall be free from preemptive rights and free of any lien or adverse claim. 
  (C)    The Partnership shall comply with all applicable securities laws regulating the offer and delivery of any Common Units upon conversion of Subordinated Class C Units and, if the Common Units are then listed or quoted on the New York Stock Exchange, or any other National Securities Exchange or other market, shall list or cause to have quoted and keep listed and quoted the Common Units issuable upon conversion of the Subordinated Class C Units to the extent permitted or required by the rules of such exchange or market. 
  (D)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing herein shall give to any holder of Subordinated Class C Units any rights as a creditor in respect of its right to conversion. 
  (d)      Allocations  .  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, during the period commencing upon issuance of the Subordinated Class C Units and ending on the Subordinated Class C Conversion Date, all items of Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction and credit, including Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss to be allocated to the Partners pursuant to Section 6.1(c), shall be allocated to the Subordinated Class C Units to the same extent as such items would be so allocated if such Subordinated Class C Units were Subordinated Units that were then Outstanding. 
  (e)      Distributions  . 
  (i)    Subordinated Class C Units shall be entitled to distributions as provided in Section 6.4 (the    Subordinated Class C Unit Distribution   ). 
  (ii)    Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.13(e) to the contrary, with respect to Subordinated Class C Units that are converted into Common Units, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to a Subordinated Class C Unit Distribution and a Common Unit distribution with respect to the same distribution period, but shall be entitled only to the distribution to be paid based upon the class of Units held as of the close of business on the applicable Record Date. 
  (iii)    Subject to and without limiting the other provisions of this Section 5.13, and subject to Section 12.4(c), each Subordinated Class C Unit shall have the right to share in distributions of cash, securities or other property and in the form of such cash, securities or other property (other than distributions pursuant to Section 6.3(a)) on a Pro Rata basis with the Common Units as if the Subordinated Class C Units had converted to Common Units. 
  (f)      Voting  .  The Subordinated Class C Units will have such voting rights pursuant to the Agreement as such Subordinated Class C Units would have if they were Common Units that were then Outstanding and shall vote together with the Common Units as a single class, except that the Subordinated Class C Units shall be entitled to vote as a separate class on any matter on which Unitholders are entitled to vote that adversely affects the rights or preferences of the Subordinated Class C Units in relation to other classes of Partnership Interests in any material respect or as required by law.  The approval of a majority of the Subordinated Class C Units shall be required to approve any matter for which the holders of the Subordinated Class C Units are entitled to vote as a separate class. 
  (g)      Merger and other Extraordinary Transactions  .  Subject to Section 12.4(c), if (1) there shall be (a) a statutory unit exchange, consolidation, merger or combination involving the Partnership, other than a merger in which the Partnership is the continuing partnership and which does not result in any change (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination pursuant Section 6.3(e)) in Outstanding Common Units; or (b) a sale or conveyance as an entirety or substantially as an entirety of the property and assets of the Partnership, directly or indirectly, to another Person; and (2) pursuant to such statutory unit exchange, consolidation, merger, combination, sale or conveyance, Outstanding Common Units are converted or exchanged into or for stock (other than Common Units), other securities, other property, assets or cash, then each Subordinated Class C Unit shall, as a condition precedent to such statutory unit exchange, consolidation, merger, combination, sale or conveyance, be converted into a Common Unit on a one- 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  40 

for-one basis; provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, no Unitholder shall receive consideration which is greater in amount than the balance of such Unitholder s Capital Account after taking into account all adjustments, including allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction through the date of such merger or other extraordinary transaction to achieve the intended result set forth in this Section 5.13(g). 
  (h)      Subordinated Class C Minority Protection  .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Partnership shall not take any action that adversely affects any of the rights, preferences or privileges of the Subordinated Class C Units. 
  Section 5.14      Transfers of Convertible Class B Units and Subordinated Class C Units.    The transfer of a Convertible Class B Unit or a Subordinated Class C Unit shall be subject to Section 4.8, Section 6.1(d)(x)(D), Section 6.10 and Section 6.11. 
  ARTICLE VI 
  ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
  Section 6.1      Allocations for Capital Account Purposes  .  For purposes of maintaining the Capital Accounts and in determining the rights of the Partners among themselves, the Partnership s items of income, gain, loss and deduction (computed in accordance with Section 5.5(b)) for each taxable period shall be allocated among the Partners as provided herein below. 
  (a)      Net Income  .  Net Income for each taxable period and all items of income, gain, loss and deduction taken into account in computing Net Income for such taxable period shall be allocated as follows: 
  (i)    First, to the General Partner until the aggregate of the Net Income allocated to the General Partner pursuant to this Section 6.1(a)(i) and the Net Termination Gain allocated to the General Partner pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(i)(A) or Section 6.1(c)(iv)(A) for the current and all previous taxable periods is equal to the aggregate of the Net Loss allocated to the General Partner pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ii) for all previous taxable periods and the Net Termination Loss allocated to the General Partner pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(ii)(D) or Section 6.1(c)(iii) (B) for the current and all previous taxable periods; and 
  (ii)    The balance, if any, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest, and (y) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the percentage applicable to subclause (x). 
  (b)      Net Loss  .  Net Loss for each taxable period and all items of income, gain, loss and deduction taken into account in computing Net Loss for such taxable period shall be allocated as follows: 
  (i)    First, to the General Partner and the Unitholders, Pro Rata;   provided  , that Net Losses shall not be allocated pursuant to this Section 6.1(b)(i) to the extent that such allocation would cause any Unitholder to have a deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account at the end of such taxable period (or increase any existing deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account); and 
  (ii)    The balance, if any, 100% to the General Partner; 
  (c)      Net Termination Gains and Losses  .  Net Termination Gain or Net Termination Loss (including a pro rata part of each item of income, gain, loss and deduction taken into account in computing Net Termination Gain or Net Termination Loss) for such taxable period shall be allocated in the manner set forth in this Section 6.1(c).  All allocations under this Section 6.1(c) shall be made after Capital Account balances have been adjusted by all other allocations provided under this Section 6.1 and after all distributions of Available Cash provided under Section 6.4 and Section 6.5 have been made;   provided  ,   however  , that solely for purposes of this Section 6.1(c), Capital Accounts shall not be adjusted for distributions made pursuant to Section 12.4. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  41 

(i)    Except as provided in Section 6.1(c)(iv), Net Termination Gain (including a pro rata part of each item of income, gain, loss, and deduction taken into account in computing Net Termination Gain) shall be allocated: 
  (A)    First, to the General Partner until the aggregate of the Net Termination Gain allocated to the General Partner pursuant to this Section 6.1(c)(i)(A) or Section 6.1(c)(iv)(A) and the Net Income allocated to the General Partner pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(i) for the current and all previous taxable periods is equal to the aggregate of the Net Loss allocated to the General Partner pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ii) for all previous taxable periods and the Net Termination Loss allocated to the General Partner pursuant to Section 6.1 (c)(ii)(D) or Section 6.1(c)(iii)(B) for all previous taxable periods; 
  (B)    Second, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest and (y) to all Unitholders holding Common Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest, until the Capital Account in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding is equal to the sum of (1) its Unrecovered Initial Unit Price, (2) the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for the Quarter during which the Liquidation Date occurs, reduced by any distribution pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(i) or Section 6.4(b)(i) with respect to such Common Unit for such Quarter (the amount determined pursuant to this clause (2) is hereinafter referred to as the    Unpaid MQD   ) and (3) any then existing Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage; 
  (C)    Third, if such Net Termination Gain is recognized (or is deemed to be recognized) prior to the conversion of the last Outstanding Subordinated Unit into a Common Unit, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest and (y) to all Unitholders holding Subordinated Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest, until the Capital Account in respect of each Subordinated Unit then Outstanding equals the sum of (1) its Unrecovered Initial Unit Price, determined for the taxable period (or portion thereof) to which this allocation of gain relates, and (2) the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for the Quarter during which the Liquidation Date occurs, reduced by any distribution pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(iii) with respect to such Subordinated Unit for such Quarter; 
  (D)    Fourth, 100% to the General Partner and all Unitholders, Pro Rata, until the Capital Account in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding is equal to the sum of (1) its Unrecovered Initial Unit Price, (2) the Unpaid MQD, (3) any then existing Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage, and (4) the excess of (aa) the First Target Distribution less the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for each Quarter of the Partnership s existence over (bb) the cumulative per Unit amount of any distributions of Available Cash that is deemed to be Operating Surplus made pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(iv) and Section 6.4(b)(ii) (the sum of (1), (2), (3) and (4) is hereinafter referred to as the    First Liquidation Target Amount    
  (E)    Fifth, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest, (y) 13% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata, and (z) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (x) and (y) of this clause (E), until the Capital Account in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding is equal to the sum of (1) the First Liquidation Target Amount, and (2) the excess of (aa) the Second Target Distribution less the First Target Distribution for each Quarter of the Partnership s existence over (bb) the cumulative per Unit amount of any distributions of Available Cash that is deemed to be Operating Surplus made pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(v) and Section 6.4(b)(iii) (the sum of (1) and (2) is hereinafter referred to as the  Second Liquidation Target Amount  
  (F)    Sixth, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest, (y) 23% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata, and (z) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (x) and (y) of this clause (F), until the Capital Account in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding is equal to  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  42 

the sum of (1) the Second Liquidation Target Amount, and (2) the excess of (aa) the Third Target Distribution less the Second Target Distribution for each Quarter of the Partnership s existence over (bb) the cumulative per Unit amount of any distributions of Available Cash that is deemed to be Operating Surplus made pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(vi) and Section 6.4(b)(iv); and 
  (G)    Finally, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest, (y) 48% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata, and (z) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (x) and (y) of this clause (G). 
  (ii)    Except as otherwise provided by Section 6.1(c)(iii) Net Termination Loss (including a pro rata part of each item of income, gain, loss, and deduction taken into account in computing Net Termination Loss) shall be allocated: 
  (A)    First, if Subordinated Units remain Outstanding, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest and (y) to all Unitholders holding Subordinated Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest, until the Capital Account in respect of each Subordinated Unit then Outstanding has been reduced to zero; 
  (B)    Second, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest and (y) to all Unitholders holding Common Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest, until the Capital Account in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding has been reduced to zero; 
  (C)    Third, to the General Partner and the Unitholders, Pro Rata; provided that Net Termination Loss shall not be allocated pursuant to this Section 6.1(c)(ii)(C) to the extent such allocation would cause any Unitholder to have a deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account (or increase any existing deficit in its Adjusted Capital Account); and 
  (D)    Fourth, the balance, if any, 100% to the General Partner. 
  (iii)    Any Net Termination Loss deemed recognized pursuant to Section 5.5(d) prior to a Liquidation Date shall be allocated: 
  (A)    First, to the General Partner and the Unitholders, Pro Rata; provided that Net Termination Loss shall not be allocated pursuant to this Section 6.1(c)(iii)(A) to the extent such allocation would cause any Unitholder to have a deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account at the end of such taxable period (or increase any existing deficit in its Adjusted Capital Account); and 
  (B)    The balance, if any, to the General Partner. 
  (vi)    If a Net Termination Loss has been allocated pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iii), subsequent Net Termination Gain deemed recognized pursuant to Section 5.5(d) prior to a Liquidation Date shall be allocated: 
  (A)    First, to the General Partner until the aggregate Net Termination Gain allocated to the General Partner pursuant to this Section 6.1(c)(iv)(A) is equal to the aggregate Net Termination Loss previously allocated pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iii)(B); 
  (B)    Second, to the General Partner and the Unitholders, Pro Rata, until the aggregate Net Termination Gain allocated pursuant to this Section 6.1(c)(iv)(B) is equal to the aggregate Net Termination Loss previously allocated pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iii)(A); and 
  (C)    The balance, if any, pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.1(c)(i). 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  43 

(d)      Special Allocations  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 6.1, the following special allocations shall be made for such taxable period: 
  (i)    Partnership Minimum Gain Chargeback.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 6.1, if there is a net decrease in Partnership Minimum Gain during any Partnership taxable period, each Partner shall be allocated items of Partnership income and gain for such period (and, if necessary, subsequent periods) in the manner and amounts provided in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 2(f)(6), 1.704 2(g)(2) and 1.704 2(j)(2)(i), or any successor provision.  For purposes of this Section 6.1(d), each Partner s Adjusted Capital Account balance shall be determined, and the allocation of income or gain required hereunder shall be effected, prior to the application of any other allocations pursuant to this Section 6.1(d) with respect to such taxable period (other than an allocation pursuant to Section 6.1(d)(vi) and Section 6.1(d)(vii)).  This Section 6.1(d)(i) is intended to comply with the Partnership Minimum Gain chargeback requirement in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
  (ii)    Chargeback of Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain.  Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6.1 (other than Section 6.1(d)(i)), except as provided in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(i)(4), if there is a net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain during any Partnership taxable period, any Partner with a share of Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain at the beginning of such taxable period shall be allocated items of Partnership income and gain for such period (and, if necessary, subsequent periods) in the manner and amounts provided in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 2(i)(4) and 1.704 2(j)(2)(ii), or any successor provisions.  For purposes of this Section 6.1(d), each Partner s Adjusted Capital Account balance shall be determined, and the allocation of income or gain required hereunder shall be effected, prior to the application of any other allocations pursuant to this Section 6.1(d), other than Section 6.1(d)(i) and other than an allocation pursuant to Section 6.1(d)(vi) and Section 6.1(d)(vii), with respect to such taxable period.  This Section 6.1(d)(ii) is intended to comply with the chargeback of items of income and gain requirement in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(i)(4) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
  (iii)      Priority Allocations  . 
  (A)    If the amount of cash or the Net Agreed Value of any property distributed (except cash or property distributed pursuant to Section 5.12 or Section 12.4) with respect to a Unit (other than a Convertible Class B Unit) exceeds the amount of cash or the Net Agreed Value of property distributed with respect to another Unit (the amount of the excess, an    Excess Distribution    and the Unit with respect to which the greater distribution is paid, an    Excess Distribution Unit   ), then (1) there shall be allocated gross income and gain to each Unitholder receiving an Excess Distribution with respect to the Excess Distribution Unit until the aggregate amount of such items allocated with respect to such Excess Distribution Unit pursuant to this Section 6.1(d)(iii)(A) for the current taxable period and all previous taxable periods is equal to the amount of the Excess Distribution; and (2) the General Partner shall be allocated gross income and gain with respect to each such Excess Distribution in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (aa) the quotient determined by dividing (x) the General Partner s Percentage Interest at the time when the Excess Distribution occurs by (y) a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest at the time when the Excess Distribution occurs, times (bb) the total amount allocated in clause (1) above with respect to such Excess Distribution. 
  (B)    After the application of Section 6.1(d)(iii)(A), all or any portion of the remaining items of Partnership gross income or gain for the taxable period, if any, shall be allocated (1) to the holders of Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata, until the aggregate amount of such items allocated to the holders of Incentive Distribution Rights pursuant to this Section 6.1(d)(iii)(B) for the current taxable period and all previous taxable periods is equal to the cumulative amount of all Incentive Distributions made to the holders of Incentive Distribution Rights from the Closing Date to a date 45 days after the end of the current taxable period; and (2) to the General Partner an amount equal to the product of (aa) an amount equal to the quotient determined by dividing (x) the General Partner s  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  44 

Percentage Interest by (y) the sum of 100 less the General Partner s Percentage Interest times (bb) the sum of the amounts allocated in clause (1) above. 
  (C)    With respect to the first taxable period of the Partnership ending upon, or after, the date of issuance of the Convertible Class B Units, and each taxable period of the Partnership thereafter, items of gross income, gain, loss or deduction for such taxable period shall be allocated among the Partners in such a manner as to cause the Per Unit Capital Amount of each Partner with respect to its Convertible Class B Units outstanding as of the time of such event to equal, as closely as possible, the Per Unit Capital Amount for a then outstanding Common Unit. 
  (D)    With respect to the first taxable period of the Partnership ending upon, or after, the date of issuance of the Subordinated Class C Units, items of gross income, gain, loss or deduction for such taxable period shall be allocated among the Partners in such a manner as to cause the Per Unit Capital Amount of each Partner with respect to its Subordinated Class C Units to equal, as closely as possible, the Per Unit Capital Amount for a then outstanding Common Unit. 
  (E)    With respect to any taxable period of the Partnership ending upon, or after, a Convertible Class B Conversion Date or a Subordinated Class C Conversion Date, as applicable, and after the application of Section 6.1(d)(iii)(A), (B), (C) and (D), Net Income or Net Loss for such taxable period shall be allocated among the Partners in such a manner as to cause the Per Unit Capital Amount of each Partner with respect to a Common Unit converted from a Convertible Class B Unit or a Common Unit converted from a Subordinated Class C Unit, as applicable, that is outstanding as of the time of such event to equal, as closely as possible, the Per Unit Capital Amount for a then outstanding Common Unit. 
  (iv)    Qualified Income Offset.  In the event any Partner unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations or distributions described in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704 1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5), or 1.704 1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6), items of Partnership gross income and gain shall be specially allocated to such Partner in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate, to the extent required by the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 704(b) of the Code, the deficit balance, if any, in its Adjusted Capital Account created by such adjustments, allocations or distributions as quickly as possible;   provided  , that an allocation pursuant to this Section 6.1(d)(iv) shall be made only if and to the extent that such Partner would have a deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account as adjusted after all other allocations provided for in this Section 6.1 have been tentatively made as if this Section 6.1(d)(iv) were not in this Agreement. 
  (v)    Gross Income Allocation.  In the event any Partner has a deficit balance in its Capital Account at the end of any taxable period in excess of the sum of (A) the amount such Partner is required to restore pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement and (B) the amount such Partner is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 2(g) and 1.704 2(i)(5), such Partner shall be specially allocated items of Partnership gross income and gain in the amount of such excess as quickly as possible;   provided  , that an allocation pursuant to this Section 6.1(d)(v) shall be made only if and to the extent that such Partner would have a deficit balance in its Capital Account as adjusted after all other allocations provided for in this Section 6.1 have been tentatively made as if Section 6.1(d)(iv) and this Section 6.1(d)(v) were not in this Agreement. 
  (vi)    Nonrecourse Deductions.  Nonrecourse Deductions for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners Pro Rata.  If the General Partner determines that the Partnership s Nonrecourse Deductions should be allocated in a different ratio to satisfy the safe harbor requirements of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 704(b) of the Code, the General Partner is authorized, upon notice to the other Partners, to revise the prescribed ratio to the numerically closest ratio that does satisfy such requirements. 
  (vii)    Partner Nonrecourse Deductions.  Partner Nonrecourse Deductions for any taxable period shall be allocated 100% to the Partner that bears the Economic Risk of Loss with respect to the Partner Nonrecourse Debt to which such Partner Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable in accordance with Treasury  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  45 

Regulation Section 1.704 2(i).  If more than one Partner bears the Economic Risk of Loss with respect to a Partner Nonrecourse Debt, such Partner Nonrecourse Deductions attributable thereto shall be allocated between or among such Partners in accordance with the ratios in which they share such Economic Risk of Loss. 
  (viii)    Nonrecourse Liabilities.  For purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.752 3(a)(3), the Partners agree that Nonrecourse Liabilities of the Partnership in excess of the sum of (A) the amount of Partnership Minimum Gain and (B) the total amount of Nonrecourse Built-in Gain shall be allocated among the Partners Pro Rata. 
  (ix)    Code Section 754 Adjustments.  To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or 743(b) of the Code is required, pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(iv)(m), to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts, the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis), and such item of gain or loss shall be specially allocated to the Partners in a manner consistent with the manner in which their Capital Accounts are required to be adjusted pursuant to such Section of the Treasury Regulations. 
  (x)    Economic Uniformity; Changes in Law. 
  (A)    At the election of the General Partner with respect to any taxable period ending upon, or after, the termination of the Subordination Period, all or a portion of the remaining items of Partnership gross income or gain for such taxable period, after taking into account allocations pursuant to Section 6.1(d)(iii), shall be allocated 100% to each Partner holding Subordinated Units that are Outstanding as of the termination of the Subordination Period (   Final Subordinated Units   ) in the proportion of the number of Final Subordinated Units held by such Partner to the total number of Final Subordinated Units then Outstanding, until each such Partner has been allocated an amount of gross income or gain that increases the Capital Account maintained with respect to such Final Subordinated Units to an amount that after taking into account the other allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction to be made with respect to such taxable period will equal the product of (A) the number of Final Subordinated Units held by such Partner and (B) the Per Unit Capital Amount for a Common Unit.  The purpose of this allocation is to establish uniformity between the Capital Accounts underlying Final Subordinated Units and the Capital Accounts underlying Common Units held by Persons other than the General Partner and its Affiliates immediately prior to the conversion of such Final Subordinated Units into Common Units.  This allocation method for establishing such economic uniformity will be available to the General Partner only if the method for allocating the Capital Account maintained with respect to the Subordinated Units between the transferred and retained Subordinated Units pursuant to Section 5.5(c)(ii) does not otherwise provide such economic uniformity to the Final Subordinated Units. 
  (B)    With respect to an event triggering an adjustment to the Carrying Value of Partnership property pursuant to Section 5.5(d) during any taxable period of the Partnership ending upon, or after, the issuance of IDR Reset Common Units pursuant to Section 5.11, after the application of Section 6.1(d)(x)(A), any Unrealized Gains and Unrealized Losses shall be allocated among the Partners in a manner that to the nearest extent possible results in the Capital Accounts maintained with respect to such IDR Reset Common Units issued pursuant to Section 5.11 equaling the product of (A) the Aggregate Quantity of IDR Reset Common Units and (B) the Per Unit Capital Amount for an Initial Common Unit. 
  (C)    With respect to any taxable period during which an IDR Reset Unit is transferred to any Person who is not an Affiliate of the transferor, all or a portion of the remaining items of Partnership gross income or gain for such taxable period shall be allocated 100% to the transferor Partner of such transferred IDR Reset Unit until such transferor Partner has been allocated an amount of gross income or gain that increases the Capital Account maintained with respect to such transferred IDR Reset Unit to an amount equal to the Per Unit Capital Amount for an Initial Common Unit. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  46 

(D)    For the proper administration of the Partnership and for the preservation of uniformity of the Limited Partner Interests (or any class or classes thereof), the General Partner shall (i) adopt such conventions as it deems appropriate in determining the amount of depreciation, amortization and cost recovery deductions; (ii) make special allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction, Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss; and (iii) amend the provisions of this Agreement as appropriate (x) to reflect the proposal or promulgation of Treasury Regulations under Section 704(b) or Section 704(c) of the Code or (y) otherwise to preserve or achieve uniformity of the Limited Partner Interests (or any class or classes thereof).  The General Partner may adopt such conventions, make such allocations and make such amendments to this Agreement as provided in this Section 6.1(d)(x)(D) only if such conventions, allocations or amendments would not have a material adverse effect on the Partners, the holders of any class or classes of Limited Partner Interests issued and Outstanding or the Partnership, and if such allocations are consistent with the principles of Section 704 of the Code.  For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the CMO Common Unit Price of the CMO Common Units is less than the trading price of the Common Units of the Partnership on the New York Stock Exchange as of the Closing Date (as defined in the Subscription Agreement), the General Partner intends to specially allocate items of gross income, gain, loss or deduction to the Unit Purchasers so that the Per Unit Capital Amount with respect to a CMO Common Unit is equal to the Per Unit Capital Amount of a then outstanding Common Unit (and thus to assure fungibility of all Common Units). 
  (xi)    Curative Allocation. 
  (A)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 6.1, other than the Required Allocations, the Required Allocations shall be taken into account in making the Agreed Allocations so that, to the extent possible, the net amount of items of gross income, gain, loss and deduction allocated to each Partner pursuant to the Required Allocations and the Agreed Allocations, together, shall be equal to the net amount of such items that would have been allocated to each such Partner under the Agreed Allocations had the Required Allocations and the related Curative Allocation not otherwise been provided in this Section 6.1.  In exercising its discretion under this Section 6.1(d)(xi)(A), the General Partner may take into account future Required Allocations that, although not yet made, are likely to offset other Required Allocations previously made.  Allocations pursuant to this Section 6.1(d)(xi)(A) shall only be made with respect to Required Allocations to the extent the General Partner determines that such allocations will otherwise be inconsistent with the economic agreement among the Partners. 
  (B)    The General Partner shall, with respect to each taxable period, (1) apply the provisions of Section 6.1(d)(xi)(A) in whatever order is most likely to minimize the economic distortions that might otherwise result from the Required Allocations, and (2) divide all allocations pursuant to Section 6.1(d)(xi)(A) among the Partners in a manner that is likely to minimize such economic distortions. 
  (xii)    Corrective and Other Allocations.  In the event of any allocation of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items or any Book-Down Event or any recognition of a Net Termination Loss, the following rules shall apply: 
  (A)    Except as provided in Section 6.1(d)(xii)(B), in the case of any allocation of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items (other than an allocation of Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss under Section 5.5(d) hereof), the General Partner shall allocate such Additional Book Basis Derivative Items to (1) the holders of Incentive Distribution Rights and the General Partner to the same extent that the Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss giving rise to such Additional Book Basis Derivative Items was allocated to them pursuant to Section 5.5(d) and (2) all Unitholders, Pro Rata, to the extent that the Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss giving rise to such Additional Book Basis Derivative Items was allocated to any Unitholders pursuant to Section 5.5(d). 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  47 

(B)    In the case of any allocation of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items (other than an allocation of Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss under Section 5.5(d) hereof or an allocation of Net Termination Gain or Net Termination Loss pursuant to Section 6.1(c) hereof) as a result of a sale or other taxable disposition of any Partnership asset that is an Adjusted Property ( Disposed of Adjusted Property ), the General Partner shall allocate (1) additional items of gross income and gain (aa) away from the holders of Incentive Distribution Rights and (bb) to the Unitholders, or (2) additional items of deduction and loss (aa) away from the Unitholders and (bb) to the holders of Incentive Distribution Rights, to the extent that the Additional Book Basis Derivative Items allocated to the Unitholders exceed their Share of Additional Book Basis Derivative Items with respect to such Disposed of Adjusted Property.  Any allocation made pursuant to this Section 6.1(d)(xii)(B) shall be made after all of the other Agreed Allocations have been made as if this Section 6.1(d)(xii) were not in this Agreement and, to the extent necessary, shall require the reallocation of items that have been allocated pursuant to such other Agreed Allocations. 
  (C)    In the case of any negative adjustments to the Capital Accounts of the Partners resulting from a Book-Down Event or from the recognition of a Net Termination Loss, such negative adjustment (1) shall first be allocated, to the extent of the Aggregate Remaining Net Positive Adjustments, in such a manner, as determined by the General Partner, that to the extent possible the aggregate Capital Accounts of the Partners will equal the amount that would have been the Capital Account balances of the Partners if no prior Book-Up Events had occurred, and (2) any negative adjustment in excess of the Aggregate Remaining Net Positive Adjustments shall be allocated pursuant to Section 6.1(c) hereof. 
  (D)    For purposes of this Section 6.1(d)(xii), the Unitholders shall be treated as being allocated Additional Book Basis Derivative Items to the extent that such Additional Book Basis Derivative Items have reduced the amount of income that would otherwise have been allocated to the Unitholders under this Agreement.  In making the allocations required under this Section 6.1(d)(xii), the General Partner may apply whatever conventions or other methodology it determines will satisfy the purpose of this Section 6.1(d)(xii).  Without limiting the foregoing, if an Adjusted Property is contributed by the Partnership to another entity classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes (the  lower tier partnership ), the General Partner may make allocations similar to those described in Sections 6.1 (d)(xii)(A)-(C) to the extent the General Partner determines such allocations are necessary to account for the Partnership s allocable share of income, gain, loss and deduction of the lower tier partnership that relate to the contributed Adjusted Property in a manner that is consistent with the purpose of this Section 6.1(d)(xii). 
  (xiii)    Special Curative Allocation in Event of Liquidation Prior to End of Subordination Period.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 6.1 (other than the Required Allocations), if the Liquidation Date occurs prior to the conversion of the last Outstanding Subordinated Unit, then items of income, gain, loss and deduction for the taxable period that includes the Liquidation Date (and, if necessary, items arising in previous taxable periods to the extent the General Partner determines such items may be so allocated), shall be specially allocated among the Partners in the manner determined appropriate by the General Partner so as to cause, to the maximum extent possible, the Capital Account in respect of each Common Unit to equal the amount such Capital Account would have been if all prior allocations of Net Termination Gain and Net Termination Loss had been made pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(i) or Section 6.1(c)(ii), as applicable. 
  Section 6.2      Allocations for Tax Purposes  . 
  (a)    Except as otherwise provided herein, for federal income tax purposes, each item of income, gain, loss and deduction shall be allocated among the Partners in the same manner as its correlative item of  book  income, gain, loss or deduction is allocated pursuant to Section 6.1. 
  (b)    In an attempt to eliminate Book-Tax Disparities attributable to a Contributed Property or Adjusted Property, items of income, gain, loss, depreciation, amortization and cost recovery deductions shall be allocated for  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  48 

federal income tax purposes among the Partners in the manner provided under Section 704(c) of the Code, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 704(b) and 704(c) of the Code, as determined appropriate by the General Partner (taking into account the General Partner s discretion under Section 6.1(d)(x)(D));   provided  , that the General Partner shall apply the principles of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 3(d) in all events. 
  (c)    The General Partner may determine to depreciate or amortize the portion of an adjustment under Section 743(b) of the Code attributable to unrealized appreciation in any Adjusted Property (to the extent of the unamortized Book-Tax Disparity) using a predetermined rate derived from the depreciation or amortization method and useful life applied to the unamortized Book-Tax Disparity of such property, despite any inconsistency of such approach with Treasury Regulation Section 1.167(c) l(a)(6) or any successor regulations thereto.  If the General Partner determines that such reporting position cannot reasonably be taken, the General Partner may adopt depreciation and amortization conventions under which all purchasers acquiring Limited Partner Interests in the same month would receive depreciation and amortization deductions, based upon the same applicable rate as if they had purchased a direct interest in the Partnership s property.  If the General Partner chooses not to utilize such aggregate method, the General Partner may use any other depreciation and amortization conventions to preserve the uniformity of the intrinsic tax characteristics of any Limited Partner Interests, so long as such conventions would not have a material adverse effect on the Limited Partners or the Record Holders of any class or classes of Limited Partner Interests. 
  (j)    In accordance with Treasury Regulation Sections 1.1245 1(e) and 1.1250 1(f), any gain allocated to the Partners upon the sale or other taxable disposition of any Partnership asset shall, to the extent possible, after taking into account other required allocations of gain pursuant to this Section 6.2, be characterized as Recapture Income in the same proportions and to the same extent as such Partners (or their predecessors in interest) have been allocated any deductions directly or indirectly giving rise to the treatment of such gains as Recapture Income. 
  (k)    All items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit recognized by the Partnership for federal income tax purposes and allocated to the Partners in accordance with the provisions hereof shall be determined without regard to any election under Section 754 of the Code that may be made by the Partnership;   provided  ,   however  , that such allocations, once made, shall be adjusted (in the manner determined by the General Partner) to take into account those adjustments permitted or required by Sections 734 and 743 of the Code. 
  (l)    Each item of Partnership income, gain, loss and deduction shall, for federal income tax purposes, be determined for each taxable period and prorated on a monthly basis and shall be allocated to the Partners as of the opening of the National Securities Exchange on which the Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading on the first Business Day of each month;   provided  ,   however  , such items for the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the last day of the month in which the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full or the expiration of the Over-Allotment Option occurs shall be allocated to the Partners as of the opening of the National Securities Exchange on which the Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading on the first Business Day of the next succeeding month; and   provided  ,   further  , that gain or loss on a sale or other disposition of any assets of the Partnership or any other extraordinary item of income, gain, loss or deduction as determined by the General Partner, shall be allocated to the Partners as of the opening of the National Securities Exchange on which the Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading on the first Business Day of the month in which such item is recognized for federal income tax purposes.  The General Partner may revise, alter or otherwise modify such methods of allocation to the extent permitted or required by Section 706 of the Code and the regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder. 
  (g)    Allocations that would otherwise be made to a Limited Partner under the provisions of this Article VI shall instead be made to the beneficial owner of Limited Partner Interests held by a nominee in any case in which the nominee has furnished the identity of such owner to the Partnership in accordance with Section 6031(c) of the Code or any other method determined by the General Partner. 
  Section 6.3      Requirement and Characterization of Distributions; Distributions to Record Holders  . 
  (a)    Within 45 days following the end of each Quarter commencing with the Quarter ending on September 30, 2010, an amount equal to 100% of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall be distributed in accordance with this Article VI by the Partnership to Partners as of the Record Date selected by the General Partner.   
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  49 

The Record Date for the first distribution of Available Cash shall not be prior to the final closing of the Over-Allotment Option or the Deferred Issuance and Distribution.  All amounts of Available Cash distributed by the Partnership on any date from any source shall be deemed to be Operating Surplus until the sum of all amounts of Available Cash theretofore distributed by the Partnership to the Partners pursuant to Section 6.4 equals the Operating Surplus from the Closing Date through the close of the immediately preceding Quarter.  Any remaining amounts of Available Cash distributed by the Partnership on such date shall, except as otherwise provided in Section 6.5, be deemed to be    Capital Surplus  .   All distributions required to be made under this Agreement shall be made subject to Sections 17 607 and 17 804 of the Delaware Act. 
  (b)    Notwithstanding Section 6.3(a), in the event of the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership, all cash received during or after the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date occurs, other than from Working Capital Borrowings, shall be applied and distributed solely in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Section 12.4. 
  (c)    Each distribution in respect of a Partnership Interest shall be paid by the Partnership, directly or through any Transfer Agent or through any other Person or agent, only to the Record Holder of such Partnership Interest as of the Record Date set for such distribution.  Such payment shall constitute full payment and satisfaction of the Partnership s liability in respect of such payment, regardless of any claim of any Person who may have an interest in such payment by reason of an assignment or otherwise. 
  (d)    For the avoidance of doubt, upon any   pro rata   distribution of Partnership Interests to all Record Holders of Common Units or any subdivision or combination (or reclassified into a greater or smaller number) of Common Units, the Partnership will proportionately adjust the number of Convertible Class B Units as follows:  (a) if the Partnership issues Partnership Interests as a distribution on its Common Units or subdivides the Common Units (or reclassifies them into a greater number of Common Units) then the Convertible Class B Units shall be subdivided into a number of Convertible Class B Units equal to the result of multiplying the number of Convertible Class B Units by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the sum of the number of Common Units Outstanding immediately prior to such distribution or subdivision plus the total number of Partnership Interests constituting such distribution or newly created by such subdivision; and (B) the denominator of which shall be the number of Common Units Outstanding immediately prior to such distribution or subdivision; and (b) if the Partnership combines the Common Units (or reclassifies them into a smaller number of Common Units) then the Convertible Class B Units shall be combined into a number of Convertible Class B Units equal to the result of multiplying the number of Convertible Class B Units by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the sum of the number of Common Units Outstanding immediately following such combination; and (B) the denominator of which shall be the number of Common Units Outstanding immediately prior to such combination. 
  (e)    For the avoidance of doubt, upon any   pro rata   distribution of Partnership Interests to all Record Holders of Common Units or any subdivision or combination (or reclassified into a greater or smaller number) of Common Units, the Partnership will proportionately adjust the number of Subordinated Class C Units as follows:  (a) if the Partnership issues Partnership Interests as a distribution on its Common Units or subdivides the Common Units (or reclassifies them into a greater number of Common Units) then the Subordinated Class C Units shall be subdivided into a number of Subordinated Class C Units equal to the result of multiplying the number of Subordinated Class C Units by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the sum of the number of Common Units Outstanding immediately prior to such distribution or subdivision plus the total number of Partnership Interests constituting such distribution or newly created by such subdivision; and (B) the denominator of which shall be the number of Common Units Outstanding immediately prior to such distribution or subdivision; and (b) if the Partnership combines the Common Units (or reclassifies them into a smaller number of Common Units) then the Subordinated Class C Units shall be combined into a number of Subordinated Class C Units equal to the result of multiplying the number of Subordinated Class C Units by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the sum of the number of Common Units Outstanding immediately following such combination; and (B) the denominator of which shall be the number of Common Units Outstanding immediately prior to such combination. 
  Section 6.4      Distributions of Available Cash from Operating Surplus  . 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  50 

(a)      During Subordination Period  .  Available Cash with respect to any Quarter within the Subordination Period that is deemed to be Operating Surplus pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.3 or 6.5 shall be distributed as follows, except as otherwise contemplated by Section 5.6(b) in respect of other Partnership Interests issued pursuant thereto: 
  (i)    First, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest, and (y) to the Unitholders holding Common Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest, until there has been distributed in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for such Quarter; 
  (ii)    Second, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest, and (y) to the Unitholders holding Common Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest, until there has been distributed in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage existing with respect to such Quarter; 
  (iii)    Third, (x) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest and (y) (i) until the Subordinated Class C Conversion Date, to the Unitholders holding Subordinated Class C Units and (ii) to the Unitholders holding Subordinated Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest, until there has been distributed in respect of each Subordinated Class C Unit (until the Subordinated Class C Conversion Date) and Subordinated Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for such Quarter; 
  (iv)    Fourth, to the General Partner and all Unitholders, Pro Rata, until there has been distributed in respect of each Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the excess of the First Target Distribution over the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for such Quarter;  
  (v)    Fifth, (A) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest; (B) 13% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata; and (C) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause until there has been distributed in respect of each Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the excess of the Second Target Distribution over the First Target Distribution for such Quarter;  
  (vi)    Sixth, (A) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest, (B) 23% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata; and (C) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (vi), until there has been distributed in respect of each Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the excess of the Third Target Distribution over the Second Target Distribution for such Quarter; and 
  (vii)    Thereafter, (A) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest; (B) 48% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata; and (C) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (vii); 
  provided, however  , if the Minimum Quarterly Distribution, the First Target Distribution, the Second Target Distribution and the Third Target Distribution have been reduced to zero pursuant to the second sentence of Section 6.6(a), the distribution of Available Cash that is deemed to be Operating Surplus with respect to any Quarter will be made solely in accordance with Section 6.4(a)(vii). 
  (b)      After Subordination Period.    Available Cash with respect to any Quarter after the Subordination Period that is deemed to be Operating Surplus pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.3 or Section 6.5 shall be distributed as follows, except as otherwise contemplated by Section 5.6(b) in respect of additional Partnership Interests issued pursuant thereto: 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  51 

(i)    First, 100% to the General Partner and the Unitholders holding Common Units, Pro Rata, until there has been distributed in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for such Quarter; 
  (iii)    Second, 100% to the General Partner and Unitholders holding Common Units, Pro Rata, until there has been distributed in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage existing with respect to such Quarter; 
  (iii)    Third, until the Subordinated Class C Conversion Date, to the General Partner and Unitholders holding Subordinated Class C Units, Pro Rata, until there has been distributed in respect of each Subordinated Class C Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for such Quarter; 
  (iv)    Fourth, 100% to the General Partner and the Unitholders, Pro Rata, until there has been distributed in respect of each Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the excess of the First Target Distribution over the Minimum Quarterly Distribution for such Quarter; 
  (v)    Fifth, (A) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest; (B) 13% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata; and (C) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (iii), until there has been distributed in respect of each Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the excess of the Second Target Distribution over the First Target Distribution for such Quarter; 
  (vi)    Sixth, (A) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest; (B) 23% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata; and (C) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (iv), until there has been distributed in respect of each Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the excess of the Third Target Distribution over the Second Target Distribution for such Quarter; and 
  (vii)    Thereafter, (A) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest; (B) 48% to the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights, Pro Rata; and (C) to all Unitholders, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the sum of the percentages applicable to subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (v); 
  provided, however  , if the Minimum Quarterly Distribution, the First Target Distribution, the Second Target Distribution and the Third Target Distribution have been reduced to zero pursuant to the second sentence of Section 6.6(a), the distribution of Available Cash that is deemed to be Operating Surplus with respect to any Quarter will be made solely in accordance with Section 6.4(b)(vii). 
  (c)      Reduction in Certain Distributions with respect to the UEOM Waiver Period.    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the amount of Available Cash otherwise distributable to the holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights pursuant to Section 6.4 with respect to each Quarter within the UEOM Waiver Period shall be reduced by the amount of $2,403,000 per Quarter. 
  (d)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and without limiting any other reductions described in this Section 6.4, in connection with the sale of certain Canadian assets, the aggregate distributions of Available Cash, if any, to the holder of the Incentive Distribution Rights provided for in this Section 6.4 with respect to the third Quarter of 2016 shall be reduced by $150,000,000. 
  Section 6.5      Distributions of Available Cash from Capital Surplus.    Available Cash that is deemed to be Capital Surplus pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.3(a) shall be distributed, unless the provisions of Section 6.3 require otherwise, 100% to the General Partner and the Unitholders, Pro Rata, until the Minimum Quarterly Distribution has been reduced to zero pursuant to the second sentence of Section 6.6(a).  Available Cash that is deemed to be Capital Surplus shall then be distributed (A) to the General Partner in accordance with its Percentage Interest and (B) to all Unitholders holding Common Units, Pro Rata, a percentage equal to 100% less the General Partner s Percentage Interest,  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  52 

until there has been distributed in respect of each Common Unit then Outstanding an amount equal to the Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage.  Thereafter, all Available Cash shall be distributed as if it were Operating Surplus and shall be distributed in accordance with Section 6.4. 
  Section 6.6      Adjustment of Minimum Quarterly Distribution and Target Distribution Levels  . 
  (a)    The Minimum Quarterly Distribution, First Target Distribution, Second Target Distribution, Third Target Distribution, Common Unit Arrearages and Cumulative Common Unit Arrearages shall be proportionately adjusted in the event of any distribution, combination or subdivision (whether effected by a distribution payable in Units or otherwise) of Units or other Partnership Interests in accordance with Section 5.9.  In the event of a distribution of Available Cash that is deemed to be from Capital Surplus, the then applicable Minimum Quarterly Distribution, First Target Distribution, Second Target Distribution and Third Target Distribution, shall be reduced in the same proportion that the distribution had to the fair market value of the Common Units immediately prior to the announcement of the distribution.  If the Common Units are publicly traded on a National Securities Exchange, the fair market value will be the Current Market Price before the ex-dividend date.  If the Common Units are not publicly traded, the fair market value will be determined by the Board of Directors. 
  (b)    The Minimum Quarterly Distribution, First Target Distribution, Second Target Distribution and Third Target Distribution, shall also be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 5.11 and Section 6.9. 
  Section 6.7      Special Provisions Relating to the Holders of Subordinated Units  . 
  (a)    Except with respect to the right to vote on or approve matters requiring the vote or approval of a percentage of the holders of Outstanding Common Units and the right to participate in allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction and distributions made with respect to Common Units, the holder of a Subordinated Unit shall have all of the rights and obligations of a Unitholder holding Common Units hereunder;   provided  ,   however  , that immediately upon the conversion of Subordinated Units into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.7, the Unitholder holding a Subordinated Unit shall possess all of the rights and obligations of a Unitholder holding Common Units hereunder with respect to such converted Subordinated Units, including the right to vote as a Common Unitholder and the right to participate in allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction and distributions made with respect to Common Units;   provided  ,   however  , that such converted Subordinated Units shall remain subject to the provisions of Sections 5.5(c)(ii), 6.1(d)(x), 6.7(b) and 6.7(c). 
  (b)    A Unitholder shall not be permitted to transfer a Subordinated Unit or a Subordinated Unit that has converted into a Common Unit pursuant to Section 5.7 (other than a transfer to an Affiliate) if the remaining balance in the transferring Unitholder s Capital Account with respect to the retained Subordinated Units or retained converted Subordinated Units would be negative after giving effect to the allocation under Section 5.5(c)(ii)(B). 
  (c)    The Unitholder holding a Common Unit that has resulted from the conversion of a Subordinated Unit pursuant to Section 5.7 shall not be issued a Common Unit Certificate pursuant to Section 4.1, if the Common Units are evidenced by Certificates, and shall not be permitted to transfer such Common Unit to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the holder until such time as the General Partner determines, based on advice of counsel, that each such Common Unit should have, as a substantive matter, like intrinsic economic and federal income tax characteristics, in all material respects, to the intrinsic economic and federal income tax characteristics of an Initial Common Unit.  In connection with the condition imposed by this Section 6.7(c), the General Partner may take whatever steps are required to provide economic uniformity to such Common Units in preparation for a transfer of such Common Units, including the application of Sections 5.5(c)(ii), 6.1(d)(x) and 6.7(b);   provided  ,   however  , that no such steps may be taken that would have a material adverse effect on the Unitholders holding Common Units. 
  Section 6.8      Special Provisions Relating to the Holders of Incentive Distribution Rights  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the holders of the Incentive Distribution Rights (a) shall (i) possess the rights and obligations provided in this Agreement with respect to a Limited Partner pursuant to Article III and Article VII and (ii) have a Capital Account as a Partner pursuant to Section 5.5 and all other provisions related thereto and (b) shall not (i) be entitled to vote on any matters requiring the approval or vote of the holders of Outstanding Units,  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  53 

except as provided by law, (ii) be entitled to any distributions other than as provided in Sections 6.4 and 12.4 or (iii) be allocated items of income, gain, loss or deduction other than as specified in this Article VI. 
  Section 6.9      Entity-Level Taxation  .  If legislation is enacted or the official interpretation of existing legislation is modified by a governmental authority, which after giving effect to such enactment or modification, results in a Group Member becoming subject to federal, state or local or non-U.S. income or withholding taxes in excess of the amount of such taxes due from the Group Member prior to such enactment or modification (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any increase in the rate of such taxation applicable to the Group Member), then the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, reduce the Minimum Quarterly Distribution, First Target Distribution, Second Target Distribution and Third Target Distribution by the amount of income or withholding taxes that are payable by reason of any such new legislation or interpretation (the    Incremental Income Taxes   ), or any portion thereof selected by the General Partner, in the manner provided in this Section 6.9.  If the General Partner elects to reduce the Minimum Quarterly Distribution, First Target Distribution, Second Target Distribution and Third Target Distribution for any Quarter with respect to all or a portion of any Incremental Income Taxes, the General Partner shall estimate for such Quarter the Partnership Group s aggregate liability (the    Estimated Incremental Quarterly Tax Amount   ) for all (or the relevant portion of) such Incremental Income Taxes;   provided   that any difference between such estimate and the actual liability for Incremental Income Taxes (or the relevant portion thereof) for such Quarter may, to the extent determined by the General Partner, be taken into account in determining the Estimated Incremental Quarterly Tax Amount with respect to each Quarter in which any such difference can be determined.  For each such Quarter, the Minimum Quarterly Distribution, First Target Distribution, Second Target Distribution and Third Target Distribution, shall be the product obtained by multiplying (a) the amounts therefor that are set out herein prior to the application of this Section 6.9 times (b) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) Available Cash with respect to such Quarter by (ii) the sum of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter and the Estimated Incremental Quarterly Tax Amount for such Quarter, as determined by the General Partner.  For purposes of the foregoing, Available Cash with respect to a Quarter will be deemed reduced by the Estimated Incremental Quarterly Tax Amount for that Quarter. 
  Section 6.10      Special Provisions Relating to the Holders of Convertible Class B Units  . 
  (a)    Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the holder of a Convertible Class B Unit shall have all of the rights and obligations of a Unitholder holding Common Units hereunder;   provided, however  , that immediately upon the conversion of any Convertible Class B Unit into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.12(c), the Unitholder holding a Convertible Class B Unit that is to be converted shall possess all of the rights and obligations of a Unitholder holding Common Units hereunder, including the right to vote as a Common Unitholder and the right to participate in allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction and distributions made with respect to Common Units;   provided, however  , that such converted Convertible Class B shall remain subject to the provisions of Section 6.1(d)(iii)(C) and Section 6.10(c). 
  (b)    Subject to the transfer restrictions in Section 4.8, a Unitholder holding a Convertible Class B Unit shall be required to provide notice to the General Partner of the transfer of the Convertible Class B Unit at any time during the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days following such transfer and (ii) the last Business Day of the calendar year during which such transfer occurred, unless the transfer is to an Affiliate of the holder. 
  (c)    A Unitholder holding a Common Unit that has resulted from the conversion of a Convertible Class B Unit pursuant to Section 5.12 (c) shall not be issued a Common Unit Certificate pursuant to Section 4.1, if the Common Units are evidenced by Certificates, and shall not be permitted to transfer such Common Unit to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the holder until such time as the General Partner determines, based on advice of counsel, that each such Common Unit should have, as a substantive matter, like intrinsic economic and federal income tax characteristics, in all material respects, to the intrinsic economic and federal income tax characteristics of an Initial Common Unit.  In connection with the condition imposed by this Section 6.10(c), the General Partner may take whatever steps are required to provide economic uniformity to such Common Units in preparation for a transfer of such Common Units including the application of Section 6.1(d)(iii)(C) and Section 6.1(d)(iii)(E); provided, however, that no such steps may be taken that would have a material adverse effect on the Unitholders holding Common Units. 
  Section 6.11      Special Provisions Relating to the Holders of Subordinated Class C Units. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  54 

(a)    Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the holder of a Subordinated Class C Unit shall have all of the rights and obligations of a Unitholder holding Common Units hereunder;   provided, however  , that immediately upon the conversion of any Subordinated Class C Unit into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.13(c), the Unitholder holding a Subordinated Class C Unit that is to be converted shall possess all of the rights and obligations of a Unitholder holding Common Units hereunder, including the right to vote as a Common Unitholder and the right to participate in allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction and distributions made with respect to Common Units;   provided, however  , that such converted Subordinated Class C shall remain subject to the provisions of Section 6.1(d)(iii)(D), Section 6.1(d)(x) and Section 6.11(c). 
  (b)    A Unitholder holding a Subordinated Class C Unit may not transfer a Subordinated Class C Unit except as provided herein.  Upon the transfer of a Subordinated Class C Unit, the transferring Unitholder shall be required to provide notice to the General Partner of the transfer of the Subordinated Class C Unit at any time during the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days following such transfer and (ii) the last Business Day of the calendar year during which such transfer occurred, unless the transfer is to an Affiliate of the holder. 
  (c)    A Unitholder holding a Common Unit that has resulted from the conversion of a Subordinated Class C Unit pursuant to Section 5.13 (c) shall not be issued a Common Unit Certificate pursuant to Section 4.1, if the Common Units are evidenced by Certificates, and shall not be permitted to transfer such Common Unit to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the holder until such time as the General Partner determines, based on advice of counsel, that each such Common Unit should have, as a substantive matter, like intrinsic economic and federal income tax characteristics, in all material respects, to the intrinsic economic and federal income tax characteristics of an Initial Common Unit.  In connection with the condition imposed by this Section 6.11(c), the General Partner may take whatever steps are required to provide economic uniformity to such Common Units in preparation for a transfer of such Common Units, including the application of Section 6.1(d)(iii)(D) and Section 6.1(d)(iii)(E); provided, however, that no such steps may be taken that would have a material adverse effect on the Unitholders holding Common Units. 
  Section 6.12      Special Provisions Relating to the Pre-Merger Unit Split and the WPZ Merger.  
  Pursuant to Section 5.14 of the 2014 Merger Agreement, the Pre-Merger Unit Split shall become effective one Business Day prior to the Closing Date (as defined in the 2014 Merger Agreement) of the WPZ Merger. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the adjustments required pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6.6(a) in connection with, or as a result of, the Pre-Merger Unit Split shall be made only if the Effective Time of the WPZ Merger shall not have occurred and the 2014 Merger Agreement is terminated. The General Partner shall be permitted to make any amendments or modifications to the books and records of the Partnership that may be necessary or appropriate to reflect the Operating Surplus, Available Cash and other current or historical metrics of the WPZ Group as of immediately prior to Closing (as defined in the 2014 Merger Agreement) of the WPZ Merger in calculating allocations and distributions to Partners following the Closing (as defined in the 2014 Merger Agreement) of the WPZ Merger.  
    
  ARTICLE VII 
  MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS OF BUSINESS 
  Section 7.1      Management  . 
  (a)    The General Partner shall conduct, direct and manage all activities of the Partnership.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all management powers over the business and affairs of the Partnership shall be exclusively vested in the General Partner, and no Limited Partner shall have any management power over the business and affairs of the Partnership.  In addition to the powers now or hereafter granted a general partner of a limited partnership under applicable law or that are granted to the General Partner under any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner, subject to Section 7.3, shall have full power and authority to do all things and on such terms as it determines to be necessary or appropriate to conduct the business of the Partnership, to exercise all powers set forth in Section 2.5 and to effectuate the purposes set forth in Section 2.4, including the following: 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  55 

(i)    the making of any expenditures, the lending or borrowing of money, the assumption or guarantee of, or other contracting for, indebtedness and other liabilities, the issuance of evidences of indebtedness, including indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable into Partnership Interests, and the incurring of any other obligations; 
  (ii)    the making of tax, regulatory and other filings, or rendering of periodic or other reports to governmental or other agencies having jurisdiction over the business or assets of the Partnership; 
  (iii)    the acquisition, disposition, mortgage, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or exchange of any or all of the assets of the Partnership or the merger or other combination of the Partnership with or into another Person (the matters described in this clause (iii) being subject, however, to any prior approval that may be required by Section 7.3 or Article XIV); 
  (iv)    the use of the assets of the Partnership (including cash on hand) for any purpose consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including the financing of the conduct of the operations of the Partnership Group; subject to Section 7.6(a), the lending of funds to other Persons (including other Group Members); the repayment or guarantee of obligations of any Group Member; and the making of capital contributions to any Group Member; 
  (v)    the negotiation, execution and performance of any contracts, conveyances or other instruments (including instruments that limit the liability of the Partnership under contractual arrangements to all or particular assets of the Partnership, with the other party to the contract to have no recourse against the General Partner or its assets other than its interest in the Partnership, even if same results in the terms of the transaction being less favorable to the Partnership than would otherwise be the case); 
  (vi)    the distribution of Partnership cash; 
  (vii)    the selection and dismissal of employees (including employees having titles such as  president,   vice president,   secretary  and  treasurer ) and agents, outside attorneys, accountants, consultants and contractors and the determination of their compensation and other terms of employment or hiring; 
  (viii)    the maintenance of insurance for the benefit of the Partnership Group, the Partners and Indemnitees; 
  (ix)    the formation of, or acquisition of an interest in, and the contribution of property and the making of loans to, any further limited or general partnerships, joint ventures, corporations, limited liability companies or other Persons (including the acquisition of interests in, and the contributions of property to, any Group Member from time to time) subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.4; 
  (x)    the control of any matters affecting the rights and obligations of the Partnership, including the bringing and defending of actions at law or in equity and otherwise engaging in the conduct of litigation, arbitration or mediation and the incurring of legal expense and the settlement of claims and litigation; 
  (xi)    the indemnification of any Person against liabilities and contingencies to the extent permitted by law; 
  (xii)    the entering into of listing agreements with any National Securities Exchange and the delisting of some or all of the Limited Partner Interests from, or requesting that trading be suspended on, any such exchange (subject to any prior approval that may be required under Section 4.8); 
  (xiii)    the purchase, sale or other acquisition or disposition of Partnership Interests, or the issuance of options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to Partnership Interests; 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  56 

(xiv)    the undertaking of any action in connection with the Partnership s participation in any Group Member; and 
  (xv)    the entering into of agreements with any of its Affiliates to render services to a Group Member or to itself in the discharge of its duties as General Partner of the Partnership. 
  (b)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, the Delaware Act or any applicable law, rule or regulation, each of the Partners and each other Person who may acquire an interest in Partnership Interests or is otherwise bound by this Agreement hereby (i) approves, ratifies and confirms the execution, delivery and performance by the parties thereto of this Agreement, the Underwriting Agreement, the Omnibus Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and the other agreements described in or filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are related to the transactions contemplated by the Registration Statement (in each case other than this Agreement, without giving effect to any amendments, supplements or restatements after the date hereof); (ii) agrees that the General Partner (on its own or on behalf of the Partnership) is authorized to execute, deliver and perform the agreements referred to in clause (i) of this sentence and the other agreements, acts, transactions and matters described in or contemplated by the Registration Statement on behalf of the Partnership without any further act, approval or vote of the Partners or the other Persons who may acquire an interest in Partnership Interests or is otherwise bound by this Agreement; and (iii) agrees that the execution, delivery or performance by the General Partner, any Group Member or any Affiliate of any of them of this Agreement or any agreement authorized or permitted under this Agreement (including the exercise by the General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner of the rights accorded pursuant to Article XV) shall not constitute a breach by the General Partner of any duty that the General Partner may owe the Partnership or the Limited Partners or any other Persons under this Agreement (or any other agreements) or of any duty existing at law, in equity or otherwise. 
  Section 7.2      Certificate of Limited Partnership  .  The General Partner has caused the Certificate of Limited Partnership to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as required by the Delaware Act.  The General Partner shall use all reasonable efforts to cause to be filed such other certificates or documents that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate for the formation, continuation, qualification and operation of a limited partnership (or a partnership in which the limited partners have limited liability) in the State of Delaware or any other state in which the Partnership may elect to do business or own property.  To the extent the General Partner determines such action to be necessary or appropriate, the General Partner shall file amendments to and restatements of the Certificate of Limited Partnership and do all things to maintain the Partnership as a limited partnership (or a partnership or other entity in which the limited partners have limited liability) under the laws of the State of Delaware or of any other state in which the Partnership may elect to do business or own property.  Subject to the terms of Section 3.4(a), the General Partner shall not be required, before or after filing, to deliver or mail a copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership, any qualification document or any amendment thereto to any Limited Partner. 
  Section 7.3      Restrictions on the General Partner s Authority  .  Except as provided in Article XII and Article XIV, the General Partner may not sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions without the approval of holders of a Unit Majority;   provided  ,   however  , that this provision shall not preclude or limit the General Partner s ability to mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group and shall not apply to any forced sale of any or all of the assets of the Partnership Group pursuant to the foreclosure of, or other realization upon, any such encumbrance. 
  Section 7.4      Reimbursement of the General Partner  . 
  (a)    Except as provided in this Section 7.4 and elsewhere in this Agreement, the General Partner shall not be compensated for its services as a general partner or managing member of any Group Member. 
  (b)    The General Partner shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis, or such other basis as the General Partner may determine, for (i) all direct and indirect expenses it incurs or payments it makes on behalf of the Partnership Group (including salary, bonus, incentive compensation and other amounts paid to any Person, including Affiliates of the General Partner, to perform services for the Partnership Group or for the General Partner in the discharge of its duties  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  57 

to the Partnership Group), and (ii) all other expenses allocable to the Partnership Group or otherwise incurred by the General Partner in connection with operating the Partnership Group s business (including expenses allocated to the General Partner by its Affiliates).  The General Partner shall determine the expenses that are allocable to the General Partner or the Partnership Group.  Reimbursements pursuant to this Section 7.4 shall be in addition to any reimbursement to the General Partner as a result of indemnification pursuant to Section 7.7. 
  (c)    The General Partner, without the approval of the Limited Partners (who shall have no right to vote in respect thereof), may propose and adopt on behalf of the Partnership benefit plans, programs and practices (including plans, programs and practices involving the issuance of Partnership Interests or options to purchase or rights, warrants or appreciation rights or phantom or tracking interests relating to Partnership Interests), or cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Interests in connection with, or pursuant to, any benefit plan, program or practice maintained or sponsored by the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, in each case for the benefit of employees and directors of the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, in respect of services performed, directly or indirectly, for the benefit of the Partnership Group.  The Partnership agrees to issue and sell to the General Partner or any of its Affiliates any Partnership Interests that the General Partner or such Affiliates are obligated to provide to any employees and directors pursuant to any such benefit plans, programs or practices.  Expenses incurred by the General Partner in connection with any such plans, programs and practices (including the net cost to the General Partner or such Affiliates of Partnership Interests purchased by the General Partner or such Affiliates, from the Partnership, to fulfill options or awards under such plans, programs and practices) shall be reimbursed in accordance with Section 7.4(b).  Any and all obligations of the General Partner under any benefit plans, programs or practices adopted by the General Partner as permitted by this Section 7.4(c) shall constitute obligations of the General Partner hereunder and shall be assumed by any successor General Partner approved pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 or the transferee of or successor to all of the General Partner s General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6. 
  (d)    The General Partner and its Affiliates may charge any member of the Partnership Group a management fee to the extent necessary to allow the Partnership Group to reduce the amount of any state franchise or income tax or any tax based upon the revenues or gross margin of any member of the Partnership Group if the tax benefit produced by the payment of such management fee or fees exceeds the amount of such fee or fees. 
  Section 7.5      Outside Activities  . 
  (a)    The General Partner, for so long as it is the General Partner of the Partnership (i) agrees that its sole business will be to act as a general partner or managing member, as the case may be, of the Partnership and any other partnership or limited liability company of which the Partnership is, directly or indirectly, a partner or member and to undertake activities that are ancillary or related thereto (including being a Limited Partner in the Partnership) and (ii) shall not engage in any business or activity or incur any debts or liabilities except in connection with or incidental to (A) its performance as general partner or managing member, if any, of one or more Group Members or as described in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, (B) the acquiring, owning or disposing of debt securities or equity interests in any Group Member or (C) the guarantee of, and mortgage, pledge, or encumbrance of any or all of its assets in connection with, any indebtedness of any Affiliate of the General Partner. 
  (b)    Each Unrestricted Person (other than the General Partner) shall have the right to engage in businesses of every type and description and other activities for profit and to engage in and possess an interest in other business ventures of any and every type or description, whether in businesses engaged in or anticipated to be engaged in by any Group Member, independently or with others, including business interests and activities in direct competition with the business and activities of any Group Member, and none of the same shall constitute a breach of this Agreement or any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, to any Group Member or any Partner.  None of any Group Member, any Limited Partner or any other Person shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, or the partnership relationship established hereby in any business ventures of any Unrestricted Person. 
  (c)    Subject to the terms of Sections 7.5(a) and (b), but otherwise notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) the engaging in competitive activities by any Unrestricted Person (other than the General Partner) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.5 is hereby approved by the Partnership and all Partners, (ii) it shall be deemed not to be a breach of any fiduciary duty or any other obligation of any type whatsoever of the General Partner  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  58 

or any other Unrestricted Person for the Unrestricted Persons (other than the General Partner) to engage in such business interests and activities in preference to or to the exclusion of the Partnership and (iii) the Unrestricted Persons shall have no obligation hereunder or as a result of any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, to present business opportunities to the Partnership.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, shall not apply to any Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner).  No Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) who acquires knowledge of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Partnership, shall have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to the Partnership, and such Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) shall not be liable to the Partnership, to any Limited Partner or any other Person for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that such Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) pursues or acquires for itself, directs such opportunity to another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information to the Partnership;   provided   such Unrestricted Person does not engage in such business or activity as a result of or using confidential or proprietary information provided by or on behalf of the Partnership to such Unrestricted Person. 
  (d)    The General Partner and each of its Affiliates may acquire Units or other Partnership Interests in addition to those acquired on the Closing Date and, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall be entitled to exercise, at their option, all rights relating to all Units and/or other Partnership Interests acquired by them.  The term  Affiliates  when used in this Section 7.5(d) with respect to the General Partner shall not include any Group Member. 
  (e)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) to the extent that any provision of this Agreement purports or is interpreted to have the effect of restricting the fiduciary duties that might otherwise, as a result of Delaware or other applicable law, be owed by the General Partner to the Partnership and its Limited Partners, or to constitute a waiver or consent by the Limited Partners to any such restriction, such provisions shall be deemed to have been approved by the Partners and (ii) nothing in this Agreement shall limit or otherwise affect any separate contractual obligations outside of this Agreement of any Person (including any Unrestricted Person) to the Partnership or any of its Affiliates. 
  Section 7.6      Loans from the General Partner; Loans or Contributions from the Partnership or Group Members  . 
  (a)    The General Partner or any of its Affiliates may, but shall be under no obligation to, lend to any Group Member, and any Group Member may borrow from the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, funds needed or desired by the Group Member for such periods of time and in such amounts as the General Partner may determine;   provided  ,   however  , that in any such case the lending party may not charge the borrowing party interest at a rate greater than the rate that would be charged the borrowing party or impose terms less favorable to the borrowing party than would be charged or imposed on the borrowing party by unrelated lenders on comparable loans made on an arm s-length basis (without reference to the lending party s financial abilities or guarantees), all as determined by the General Partner.  The borrowing party shall reimburse the lending party for any costs (other than any additional interest costs) incurred by the lending party in connection with the borrowing of such funds.  For purposes of this Section 7.6(a) and Section 7.6(b), the term  Group Member  shall include any Affiliate of a Group Member that is controlled by the Group Member. 
  (b)    The Partnership may lend or contribute to any Group Member, and any Group Member may borrow from the Partnership, funds on terms and conditions determined by the General Partner.  No Group Member may lend funds to the General Partner or any of its Affiliates (other than another Group Member). 
  (c)    No borrowing by any Group Member or the approval thereof by the General Partner shall be deemed to constitute a breach of any duty hereunder or otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, of the General Partner or its Affiliates to the Partnership or the Limited Partners by reason of the fact that the purpose or effect of such borrowing is directly or indirectly to (i) enable distributions to the General Partner or its Affiliates (including in their capacities as Limited Partners) to exceed the General Partner s Percentage Interest of the total amount distributed to all Partners or (ii) hasten the expiration of the Subordination Period or the conversion of any Subordinated Units into Common Units. 
  Section 7.7      Indemnification  . 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  59 

(a)    To the fullest extent permitted by law but subject to the limitations expressly provided in this Agreement, all Indemnitees shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Partnership from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising from any and all threatened, pending or completed claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal and including appeals, in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of its status as an Indemnitee and acting (or refraining to act) in such capacity on behalf of or for the benefit of the Partnership;   provided  , that the Indemnitee shall not be indemnified and held harmless pursuant to this Agreement if there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter for which the Indemnitee is seeking indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful;   provided  ,   further  , no indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7 shall be available to any Affiliate of the General Partner (other than a Group Member), or to any other Indemnitee, with respect to any such Affiliate s obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents.  Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7 shall be made only out of the assets of the Partnership, it being agreed that the General Partner shall not be personally liable for such indemnification and shall have no obligation to contribute or loan any monies or property to the Partnership to enable it to effectuate such indemnification. 
  (b)    To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred by an Indemnitee who is indemnified pursuant to Section 7.7(a) in defending any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding shall, from time to time, be advanced by the Partnership prior to a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter for which the Indemnitee is seeking indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7, the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified upon receipt by the Partnership of any undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay such amount if it shall be ultimately determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized by this Section 7.7. 
  (c)    The indemnification provided by this Section 7.7 shall be in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee may be entitled under any agreement, pursuant to any vote of the holders of Outstanding Limited Partner Interests, as a matter of law, in equity or otherwise, both as to actions in the Indemnitee s capacity as an Indemnitee and as to actions in any other capacity (including any capacity under the Underwriting Agreement), and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, successors, assigns and administrators of the Indemnitee. 
  (d)    The Partnership may purchase and maintain (or reimburse the General Partner or its Affiliates for the cost of) insurance, on behalf of the General Partner, its Affiliates and such other Persons as the General Partner shall determine, against any liability that may be asserted against, or expense that may be incurred by, such Person in connection with the Partnership s activities or such Person s activities on behalf of the Partnership, regardless of whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement. 
  (e)    For purposes of this Section 7.7, the Partnership shall be deemed to have requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an employee benefit plan whenever the performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, it to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute  fines  within the meaning of Section 7.7(a); and action taken or omitted by it with respect to any employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by it to be in the best interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be for a purpose that is in the best interests of the Partnership. 
  (f)    In no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability by reason of the indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
  (g)    An Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under this Section 7.7 because the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to which the indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  60 

(h)    The provisions of this Section 7.7 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees and their heirs, successors, assigns, executors and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other Persons. 
  (i)    No amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.7 or any provision hereof shall in any manner terminate, reduce or impair the right of any past, present or future Indemnitee to be indemnified by the Partnership, nor the obligations of the Partnership to indemnify any such Indemnitee under and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.7 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted. 
  Section 7.8      Liability of Indemnitees  . 
  (a)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, no Indemnitee shall be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership, the Limited Partners, or any other Persons who have acquired interests in the Partnership Interests, for losses sustained or liabilities incurred as a result of any act or omission of an Indemnitee unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter in question, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the Indemnitee s conduct was criminal. 
  (b)    Subject to its obligations and duties as General Partner set forth in Section 7.1(a), the General Partner may exercise any of the powers granted to it by this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its agents, and the General Partner shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent appointed by the General Partner in good faith. 
  (c)    To the extent that, at law or in equity, an Indemnitee has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Partnership or to the Partners, the General Partner and any other Indemnitee acting in connection with the Partnership s business or affairs shall not be liable to the Partnership or to any Partner for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement. 
  (d)    Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.8 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitations on the liability of the Indemnitees under this Section 7.8 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted. 
  Section 7.9      Resolution of Conflicts of Interest; Standards of Conduct and Modification of Duties  . 
  (a)    Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or any Group Member Agreement, whenever a potential conflict of interest exists or arises between the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Partnership, any Group Member or any Partner, on the other, any resolution or course of action by the General Partner or its Affiliates in respect of such conflict of interest shall be permitted and deemed approved by all Partners, and shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement, of any Group Member Agreement, of any agreement contemplated herein or therein, or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity, if the resolution or course of action in respect of such conflict of interest is (i) approved by Special Approval, (ii) approved by the vote of a majority of the Common Units (excluding Common Units owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates), (iii) on terms no less favorable to the Partnership than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or (iv) fair and reasonable to the Partnership, taking into account the totality of the relationships between the parties involved (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to the Partnership).  The General Partner shall be authorized but not required in connection with its resolution of such conflict of interest to seek Special Approval or Unitholder approval of such resolution, and the General Partner may also adopt a resolution or course of action that has not received Special Approval or Unitholder approval.  If Special Approval is sought, then it shall be presumed that, in making its decision, the Conflicts Committee acted in good faith, and if neither Special Approval nor Unitholder approval is sought and the Board of Directors determines that the resolution or course of action taken with respect to a conflict of interest satisfies either of the standards set forth in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, then it shall be presumed  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  61 

that, in making its decision, the Board of Directors acted in good faith, and in any proceeding brought by any Limited Partner or by or on behalf of such Limited Partner or any other Limited Partner or the Partnership challenging such approval, the Person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding shall have the burden of overcoming such presumption.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any duty otherwise existing at law or equity, the existence of the conflicts of interest described in the Registration Statement are hereby approved by all Partners and shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement or of any duty hereunder or existing at law, in equity or otherwise. 
  (b)    Whenever the General Partner, or any committee of the Board of Directors (including the Conflicts Committee), makes a determination or takes or declines to take any other action, or any of its Affiliates causes the General Partner to do so, in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership as opposed to in its individual capacity, whether under this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby or otherwise, then, unless another express standard is provided for in this Agreement, the General Partner, such committee or such Affiliates causing the General Partner to do so, shall make such determination or take or decline to take such other action in good faith and shall not be subject to any other or different standards (including fiduciary standards) imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity.  In order for a determination or other action to be in  good faith  for purposes of this Agreement, the Person or Persons making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action must believe that the determination or other action is in the best interests of the Partnership. 
  (c)    Whenever the General Partner makes a determination or takes or declines to take any other action, or any of its Affiliates causes it to do so, in its individual capacity as opposed to in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership, whether under this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby or otherwise, then the General Partner, or such Affiliates causing it to do so, are entitled, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to make such determination or to take or decline to take such other action free of any duty (including any fiduciary duty) or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership, any Limited Partner, and any other Person bound by this Agreement, and the General Partner, or such Affiliates causing it to do so, shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity.  By way of illustration and not of limitation, whenever the phrases,  at the option of the General Partner,   in its sole discretion  or some variation of those phrases, are used in this Agreement, it indicates that the General Partner is acting in its individual capacity.  For the avoidance of doubt, whenever the General Partner votes or transfers its Partnership Interests, or refrains from voting or transferring its Partnership Interests, it shall be acting in its individual capacity. 
  (d)    The General Partner s organizational documents may provide that determinations to take or decline to take any action in its individual, rather than representative, capacity may or shall be determined by its members, if the General Partner is a limited liability company, stockholders, if the General Partner is a corporation, or the members or stockholders of the General Partner s general partner, if the General Partner is a partnership. 
  (e)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner and its Affiliates shall have no duty or obligation, express or implied, to (i) sell or otherwise dispose of any asset of the Partnership Group other than in the ordinary course of business or (ii) permit any Group Member to use any facilities or assets of the General Partner and its Affiliates, except as may be provided in contracts entered into from time to time specifically dealing with such use.  Any determination by the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to enter into such contracts shall be in its sole discretion. 
  (f)    Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or the Delaware Act, neither the General Partner nor any other Indemnitee shall have any duties or liabilities, including fiduciary duties, to the Partnership or any Limited Partner and the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict, eliminate or otherwise modify the duties and liabilities, including fiduciary duties, of the General Partner or any other Indemnitee otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Partners to replace such other duties and liabilities of the General Partner or such other Indemnitee. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  62 

(g)    The Unitholders hereby authorize the General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership as a partner or member of a Group Member, to approve of actions by the general partner or managing member of such Group Member similar to those actions permitted to be taken by the General Partner pursuant to this Section 7.9. 
  Section 7.10      Other Matters Concerning the General Partner  . 
  (a)    The General Partner may rely upon, and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon, any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 
  (b)    The General Partner may consult with legal counsel, accountants, appraisers, management consultants, investment bankers and other consultants and advisers selected by it, and any act taken or omitted to be taken in reliance upon the advice or opinion (including an Opinion of Counsel) of such Persons as to matters that the General Partner reasonably believes to be within such Person s professional or expert competence shall be conclusively presumed to have been done or omitted in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion. 
  (c)    The General Partner shall have the right, in respect of any of its powers or obligations hereunder, to act through any of its duly authorized officers, a duly appointed attorney or attorneys-in-fact or the duly authorized officers of the Partnership. 
  Section 7.11      Purchase or Sale of Partnership Interests  .  The General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase or otherwise acquire Partnership Interests;   provided   that, except as permitted pursuant to Section 4.10, the General Partner may not cause any Group Member to purchase Subordinated Units during the Subordination Period.  As long as Partnership Interests are held by any Group Member, such Partnership Interests shall not be considered Outstanding for any purpose, except as otherwise provided herein.  The General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner may also purchase or otherwise acquire and sell or otherwise dispose of Partnership Interests for its own account, subject to the provisions of Articles IV and X. 
  Section 7.12      Reliance by Third Parties  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Person dealing with the Partnership shall be entitled to assume that the General Partner and any officer of the General Partner authorized by the General Partner to act on behalf of and in the name of the Partnership has full power and authority to encumber, sell or otherwise use in any manner any and all assets of the Partnership and to enter into any authorized contracts on behalf of the Partnership, and such Person shall be entitled to deal with the General Partner or any such officer as if it were the Partnership s sole party in interest, both legally and beneficially.  Each Limited Partner hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all defenses or other remedies that may be available against such Person to contest, negate or disaffirm any action of the General Partner or any such officer in connection with any such dealing.  In no event shall any Person dealing with the General Partner or any such officer or its representatives be obligated to ascertain that the terms of this Agreement have been complied with or to inquire into the necessity or expedience of any act or action of the General Partner or any such officer or its representatives.  Each and every certificate, document or other instrument executed on behalf of the Partnership by the General Partner or its representatives shall be conclusive evidence in favor of any and every Person relying thereon or claiming thereunder that (a) at the time of the execution and delivery of such certificate, document or instrument, this Agreement was in full force and effect, (b) the Person executing and delivering such certificate, document or instrument was duly authorized and empowered to do so for and on behalf of the Partnership and (c) such certificate, document or instrument was duly executed and delivered in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and is binding upon the Partnership. 
  ARTICLE VIII 
  BOOKS; RECORDS; ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS 
  Section 8.1      Records and Accounting  .  The General Partner shall keep or cause to be kept at the principal office of the Partnership appropriate books and records with respect to the Partnership s business, including all books and records necessary to provide to the Limited Partners any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 3.4 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  63 

(a).  Any books and records maintained by or on behalf of the Partnership in the regular course of its business, including the record of the Record Holders of Units or other Partnership Interests, books of account and records of Partnership proceedings, may be kept on, or be in the form of, computer disks, hard drives, magnetic tape, photographs, micrographics or any other information storage device;   provided  , that the books and records so maintained are convertible into clearly legible written form within a reasonable period of time.  The books of the Partnership shall be maintained, for financial reporting purposes, on an accrual basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  The Partnership shall not be required to keep books maintained on a cash basis and the General Partner shall be permitted to calculate cash-based measures, including Operating Surplus and Adjusted Operating Surplus, by making such adjustments to its accrual basis books to account for non-cash items and other adjustments as the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate, including in connection with the WPZ Merger. 
  Section 8.2      Fiscal Year  .  The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be a fiscal year ending December 31. 
  Section 8.3      Reports. 
  (a)    As soon as practicable, but in no event later than 90 days after the close of each fiscal year of the Partnership, the General Partner shall cause to be mailed or made available, by any reasonable means, to each Record Holder of a Unit as of a date selected by the General Partner, an annual report containing financial statements of the Partnership for such fiscal year of the Partnership, presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including a balance sheet and statements of operations, Partnership equity and cash flows, such statements to be audited by a firm of independent public accountants selected by the General Partner. 
  (b)    As soon as practicable, but in no event later than 45 days after the close of each Quarter except the last Quarter of each fiscal year, the General Partner shall cause to be mailed or made available, by any reasonable means to each Record Holder of a Unit, as of a date selected by the General Partner, a report containing unaudited financial statements of the Partnership and such other information as may be required by applicable law, regulation or rule of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed or admitted to trading, or as the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. 
  (c)    The General Partner shall be deemed to have made a report available to each Record Holder as required by this Section 8.3 if it has either (i) filed such report with the Commission via its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system and such report is publicly available on such system or (ii) made such report available on any publicly available website maintained by the Partnership. 
  ARTICLE IX  
  TAX MATTERS 
  Section 9.1      Tax Returns and Information  .  The Partnership shall timely file all returns of the Partnership that are required for federal, state and local income tax purposes on the basis of the accrual method and the taxable period or years that it is required by law to adopt, from time to time, as determined by the General Partner.  In the event the Partnership is required to use a taxable period other than a year ending on December 31, the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to change the taxable period of the Partnership to a year ending on December 31.  The tax information reasonably required by Record Holders for federal and state income tax reporting purposes with respect to a taxable period shall be furnished to them within 90 days of the close of the calendar year in which the Partnership s taxable period ends.  The classification, realization and recognition of income, gain, losses and deductions and other items shall be on the accrual method of accounting for federal income tax purposes. 
  Section 9.2      Tax Elections  . 
  (a)    The Partnership shall make the election under Section 754 of the Code in accordance with applicable regulations thereunder, subject to the reservation of the right to seek to revoke any such election upon the General Partner s determination that such revocation is in the best interests of the Limited Partners.  Notwithstanding any other provision herein contained, for the purposes of computing the adjustments under Section 743(b) of the Code, the General  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  64 

Partner shall be authorized (but not required) to adopt a convention whereby the price paid by a transferee of a Limited Partner Interest will be deemed to be the lowest quoted closing price of the Limited Partner Interests on any National Securities Exchange on which such Limited Partner Interests are listed or admitted to trading during the calendar month in which such transfer is deemed to occur pursuant to Section 6.2(f) without regard to the actual price paid by such transferee. 
  (b)    Except as otherwise provided herein, the General Partner shall determine whether the Partnership should make any other elections permitted by the Code. 
  Section 9.3      Tax Controversies  .  Subject to the provisions hereof, the General Partner is designated as the Tax Matters Partner (as defined in the Code) and is authorized and required to represent the Partnership (at the Partnership s expense) in connection with all examinations of the Partnership s affairs by tax authorities, including resulting administrative and judicial proceedings, and to expend Partnership funds for professional services and costs associated therewith.  Each Partner agrees to cooperate with the General Partner and to do or refrain from doing any or all things reasonably required by the General Partner to conduct such proceedings. 
  Section 9.4      Withholding; Tax Payments  . 
  (a)    The General Partner may treat taxes paid by the Partnership on behalf of all or less than all of the Partners, either as a distribution of cash to such Partners or as a general expense of the Partnership, as determined appropriate under the circumstances by the General Partner. 
  (b)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner is authorized to take any action that may be required to cause the Partnership and other Group Members to comply with any withholding requirements established under the Code or any other federal, state or local law including pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 1445 and 1446 of the Code.  To the extent that the Partnership is required or elects to withhold and pay over to any taxing authority any amount resulting from the allocation or distribution of income to any Partner (including by reason of Section 1446 of the Code), the General Partner may treat the amount withheld as a distribution of cash pursuant to Section 6.3 in the amount of such withholding from such Partner. 
  ARTICLE X 
  AMISSION OF PARTNERS 
  Section 10.1      Admission of Limited Partners  . 
  (a)    Upon the issuance by the Partnership of Common Units, Subordinated Units and Incentive Distribution Rights to the General Partner, Chesapeake Holdings, each of the GIP Entities and the Underwriters as described in Article V in connection with the Initial Offering, such parties shall be automatically admitted to the Partnership as Initial Limited Partners in respect of the Common Units, Subordinated Units or Incentive Distribution Rights issued to them. 
  (b)    By acceptance of the transfer of any Limited Partner Interests in accordance with Article IV or the acceptance of any Limited Partner Interests issued pursuant to Article V or pursuant to a merger or consolidation or conversion pursuant to Article XIV, and except as provided in Section 4.9, each transferee of, or other such Person acquiring, a Limited Partner Interest (including any nominee holder or an agent or representative acquiring such Limited Partner Interests for the account of another Person) (i) shall be admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interests so transferred or issued to such Person when any such transfer or admission is reflected in the books and records of the Partnership and such Limited Partner becomes the Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interests so transferred, (ii) shall become bound, and shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound, by the terms of this Agreement, (iii) represents that the transferee or other recipient has the capacity, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and (iv) makes the consents, acknowledgements and waivers contained in this Agreement, all with or without execution of this Agreement by such Person.  The transfer of any Limited Partner Interests and the admission of any new Limited Partner shall not constitute an amendment to this Agreement.  A Person may become a  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  65 

Limited Partner or Record Holder of a Limited Partner Interest without the consent or approval of any of the Partners.  A Person may not become a Limited Partner without acquiring a Limited Partner Interest and until such Person is reflected in the books and records of the Partnership as the Record Holder of such Limited Partner Interest.  The rights and obligations of a Person who is an Ineligible Holder shall be determined in accordance with Section 4.9. 
  (c)    The name and mailing address of each Limited Partner shall be listed on the books and records of the Partnership maintained for such purpose by the Partnership or the Transfer Agent.  The General Partner shall update the books and records of the Partnership from time to time as necessary to reflect accurately the information therein (or shall cause the Transfer Agent to do so, as applicable).  A Limited Partner Interest may be represented by a Certificate, as provided in Section 4.1. 
  (d)    Any transfer of a Limited Partner Interest shall not entitle the transferee to share in the profits and losses, to receive distributions, to receive allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit or any similar item or to any other rights to which the transferor was entitled until the transferee becomes a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 10.1(b). 
  Section 10.2      Admission of Successor General Partner  .  A successor General Partner approved pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 or the transferee of or successor to all of the General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6 who is proposed to be admitted as a successor General Partner shall be admitted to the Partnership as the General Partner, effective immediately prior to the withdrawal or removal of the predecessor or transferring General Partner, pursuant to Section 11.1 or 11.2 or the transfer of the General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6,   provided  ,   however  , that no such successor shall be admitted to the Partnership until compliance with the terms of Section 4.6 has occurred and such successor has executed and delivered such other documents or instruments as may be required to effect such admission.  Any such successor shall, subject to the terms hereof, carry on the business of the members of the Partnership Group without dissolution. 
  Section 10.3      Amendment of Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership  .  To effect the admission to the Partnership of any Partner, the General Partner shall take all steps necessary or appropriate under the Delaware Act to amend the records of the Partnership to reflect such admission and, if necessary, to prepare as soon as practicable an amendment to this Agreement and, if required by law, the General Partner shall prepare and file an amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
  ARTICLE XI 
  WITHDRAWAL OR REMOVAL OF PARTNERS 
  Section 11.1      Withdrawal of the General Partner  . 
  (a)    The General Partner shall be deemed to have withdrawn from the Partnership upon the occurrence of any one of the following events (each such event herein referred to as an    Event of Withdrawal    
  (i)    The General Partner voluntarily withdraws from the Partnership by giving written notice to the other Partners; 
  (ii)    The General Partner transfers all of its General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6; 
  (iii)    The General Partner is removed pursuant to Section 11.2; 
  (iv)    The General Partner (A) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (B) files a voluntary bankruptcy petition for relief under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code; (C) files a petition or answer seeking for itself a liquidation, dissolution or similar relief (but not a reorganization) under any law; (D) files an answer or other pleading admitting or failing to contest the material allegations of a petition filed against the General Partner in a proceeding of the type described in clauses (A)-(C) of this  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  66 

Section 11.1(a)(iv); or (E) seeks, consents to or acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee (but not a debtor-in-possession), receiver or liquidator of the General Partner or of all or any substantial part of its properties; 
  (v)    A final and non-appealable order of relief under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code is entered by a court with appropriate jurisdiction pursuant to a voluntary or involuntary petition by or against the General Partner; or 
  (vi)    (A) in the event the General Partner is a corporation, a certificate of dissolution or its equivalent is filed for the General Partner, or 90 days expire after the date of notice to the General Partner of revocation of its charter without a reinstatement of its charter, under the laws of its state of incorporation; (B) in the event the General Partner is a partnership or a limited liability company, the dissolution and commencement of winding up of the General Partner; (C) in the event the General Partner is acting in such capacity by virtue of being a trustee of a trust, the termination of the trust; (D) in the event the General Partner is a natural person, his death or adjudication of incompetency; and (E) otherwise in the event of the termination of the General Partner. 
  If an Event of Withdrawal specified in Section 11.1(a)(iv), (v) or (vi)(A), (B), (C) or (E) occurs, the withdrawing General Partner shall give notice to the Limited Partners within 30 days after such occurrence.  The Partners hereby agree that only the Events of Withdrawal described in this Section 11.1 shall result in the withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership. 
  (b)    Withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership upon the occurrence of an Event of Withdrawal shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement under the following circumstances:  (i) at any time during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending at 11:59 pm, prevailing Central Time, on June 30, 2020, the General Partner voluntarily withdraws by giving at least 90 days  advance notice of its intention to withdraw to the Limited Partners;   provided  , that prior to the effective date of such withdrawal, the withdrawal is approved by Unitholders holding at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (excluding Common Units held by the General Partner and its Affiliates) and the General Partner delivers to the Partnership an Opinion of Counsel (   Withdrawal Opinion of Counsel   ) that such withdrawal (following the selection of the successor General Partner) would not result in the loss of the limited liability under the Delaware Act of any Limited Partner or cause any Group Member to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not already so treated or taxed); (ii) at any time after 11:59 pm, prevailing Central Time, on June 30, 2020, the General Partner voluntarily withdraws by giving at least 90 days  advance notice to the Unitholders, such withdrawal to take effect on the date specified in such notice; (iii) at any time that the General Partner ceases to be the General Partner pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(ii) or is removed pursuant to Section 11.2; or (iv) notwithstanding clause (i) of this sentence, at any time that the General Partner voluntarily withdraws by giving at least 90 days  advance notice of its intention to withdraw to the Limited Partners, such withdrawal to take effect on the date specified in the notice, if at the time such notice is given one Person and its Affiliates (other than the General Partner and its Affiliates) own beneficially or of record or control at least 50% of the Outstanding Units.  The withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership upon the occurrence of an Event of Withdrawal shall also constitute the withdrawal of the General Partner as general partner or managing member, if any, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members.  If the General Partner gives a notice of withdrawal pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(i), the holders of a Unit Majority, may, prior to the effective date of such withdrawal, elect a successor General Partner.  The Person so elected as successor General Partner shall automatically become the successor general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member.  If, prior to the effective date of the General Partner s withdrawal pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(i), a successor is not selected by the Unitholders as provided herein or the Partnership does not receive a Withdrawal Opinion of Counsel, the Partnership shall be dissolved in accordance with Section 12.1 unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 12.2.  Any successor General Partner elected in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.1 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.2. 
  Section 11.2      Removal of the General Partner  .  The General Partner may be removed if such removal is approved by the Unitholders holding at least 66 2/3% of the Outstanding Units (including Units held by the General Partner and its Affiliates) voting as a single class.  Any such action by such holders for removal of the General Partner must also provide for the election of a successor General Partner by the Unitholders holding a majority of the outstanding  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  67 

Common Units, voting as a class, and a majority of the outstanding Subordinated Units, voting as a class (including, in each case, Units held by the General Partner and its Affiliates).  Such removal shall be effective immediately following the admission of a successor General Partner pursuant to Section 10.2.  The removal of the General Partner shall also automatically constitute the removal of the General Partner as general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member.  If a Person is elected as a successor General Partner in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.2, such Person shall, upon admission pursuant to Section 10.2, automatically become a successor general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member.  The right of the holders of Outstanding Units to remove the General Partner shall not exist or be exercised unless the Partnership has received an opinion opining as to the matters covered by a Withdrawal Opinion of Counsel.  Any successor General Partner elected in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.2 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.2. 
  Section 11.3      Interest of Departing General Partner and Successor General Partner  . 
  (a)    In the event of (i) withdrawal of the General Partner under circumstances where such withdrawal does not violate this Agreement or (ii) removal of the General Partner by the holders of Outstanding Units under circumstances where Cause does not exist, if the successor General Partner is elected in accordance with the terms of Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, the Departing General Partner shall have the option, exercisable prior to the effective date of the withdrawal or removal of such Departing General Partner, to require its successor to purchase its General Partner Interest and its or its Affiliates  or beneficial owners  general partner interest (or equivalent interest), if any, in the other Group Members and all of its or its Affiliates  Incentive Distribution Rights (collectively, the    Combined Interest   ) in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of such Combined Interest, such amount to be determined and payable as of the effective date of its withdrawal or removal.  If the General Partner is removed by the Unitholders under circumstances where Cause exists or if the General Partner withdraws under circumstances where such withdrawal violates this Agreement, and if a successor General Partner is elected in accordance with the terms of Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 (or if the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 12.2 and the successor General Partner is not the former General Partner), such successor shall have the option, exercisable prior to the effective date of the withdrawal or removal of such Departing General Partner (or, in the event the business of the Partnership is continued, prior to the date the business of the Partnership is continued), to purchase the Combined Interest for such fair market value of such Combined Interest.  In either event, the Departing General Partner shall be entitled to receive all reimbursements due such Departing General Partner pursuant to Section 7.4, including any employee-related liabilities (including severance liabilities), incurred in connection with the termination of any employees employed by the Departing General Partner or its Affiliates (other than any Group Member) for the benefit of the Partnership or the other Group Members. 
  For purposes of this Section 11.3(a), the fair market value of the Combined Interest shall be determined by agreement between the Departing General Partner and its successor or, failing agreement within 30 days after the effective date of such Departing General Partner s withdrawal or removal, by an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert selected by the Departing General Partner and its successor, which, in turn, may rely on other experts, and the determination of which shall be conclusive as to such matter.  If such parties cannot agree upon one independent investment banking firm or other independent expert within 45 days after the effective date of such withdrawal or removal, then the Departing General Partner shall designate an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert, the Departing General Partner s successor shall designate an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert, and such firms or experts shall mutually select a third independent investment banking firm or independent expert, which third independent investment banking firm or other independent expert shall determine the fair market value of the Combined Interest.  In making its determination, such third independent investment banking firm or other independent expert shall consider the value of the Units, including the then current trading price of Units on any National Securities Exchange on which Units are then listed or admitted to trading, the value of the Partnership s assets, the rights and obligations of the Departing General Partner (including an appropriate  control premium ), the value of the Incentive Distribution Rights and the General Partner Interest and other factors it may deem relevant. 
  (b)    If the Combined Interest is not purchased in the manner set forth in Section 11.3(a), the Departing General Partner (or its transferee) shall become a Limited Partner and the Combined Interest shall be converted into  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  68 

Common Units pursuant to a valuation made by an investment banking firm or other independent expert selected pursuant to Section 11.3(a), without reduction in such Partnership Interest (but subject to proportionate dilution by reason of the admission of its successor).  Any successor General Partner shall indemnify the Departing General Partner (or its transferee) as to all debts and liabilities of the Partnership arising on or after the date on which the Departing General Partner (or its transferee) becomes a Limited Partner.  For purposes of this Agreement, conversion of the Combined Interest to Common Units will be characterized as if the Departing General Partner (or its transferee) contributed the Combined Interest to the Partnership in exchange for the newly issued Common Units. 
  (c)    If a successor General Partner is elected in accordance with the terms of Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 (or if the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 12.2 and the successor General Partner is not the former General Partner) and the option described in Section 11.3 (a) is not exercised by the party entitled to do so, the successor General Partner shall, at the effective date of its admission to the Partnership, contribute to the Partnership cash in the amount equal to the product of (x) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the Percentage Interest of the General Partner Interest of the Departing General Partner by (B) a percentage equal to 100% less the Percentage Interest of the General Partner Interest of the Departing General Partner and (y) the Net Agreed Value of the Partnership s assets on such date.  In such event, such successor General Partner shall, subject to the following sentence, be entitled to its Percentage Interest of all Partnership allocations and distributions to which the Departing General Partner was entitled.  In addition, the successor General Partner shall cause this Agreement to be amended to reflect that, from and after the date of such successor General Partner s admission, the successor General Partner s interest in all Partnership distributions and allocations shall be its Percentage Interest. 
  Section 11.4      Termination of Subordination Period, Conversion of Subordinated Units and Extinguishment of Cumulative Common Unit Arrearages  .  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, if the General Partner is removed as general partner of the Partnership under circumstances where Cause does not exist: 
  (a)    the Subordinated Units held by any Person will immediately and automatically convert into Common Units on a one-for-one basis,   provided   (i) neither such Person nor any of its Affiliates voted any of its Units in favor of the removal and (ii) such Person is not an Affiliate of the successor General Partner; and 
  (b)    if all of the Subordinated Units convert into Common Units pursuant to Section 11.4(a), all Cumulative Common Unit Arrearages on the Common Units will be extinguished and the Subordination Period will end; 
  provided  ,   however  , that such converted Subordinated Units shall remain subject to the provisions of Sections 5.5(c)(ii), 6.1(d)(x) and 6.7. 
  Section 11.5      Withdrawal of Limited Partners  .  No Limited Partner shall have any right to withdraw from the Partnership;   provided  ,   however  , that when a transferee of a Limited Partner s Limited Partner Interest becomes a Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interest so transferred, such transferring Limited Partner shall cease to be a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interest so transferred. 
  ARTICLE XII 
  DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 
  Section 12.1      Dissolution  .  The Partnership shall not be dissolved by the admission of additional Limited Partners or by the admission of a successor General Partner in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Upon the removal or withdrawal of the General Partner, if a successor General Partner is elected pursuant to Section 11.1, 11.2 or 12.2, the Partnership shall not be dissolved and such successor General Partner is hereby authorized to, and shall, continue the business of the Partnership.  Subject to Section 12.2, the Partnership shall dissolve, and its affairs shall be wound up, upon: 
  (a)    an Event of Withdrawal of the General Partner as provided in Section 11.1(a) (other than Section 11.1(a)(ii)), unless a successor is elected and such successor is admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement; 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  69 

(b)    an election to dissolve the Partnership by the General Partner that is approved by the holders of a Unit Majority; 
  (c)    the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Partnership pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act; or 
  (d)    at any time there are no Limited Partners, unless the Partnership is continued without dissolution in accordance with the Delaware Act. 
  Section 12.2      Continuation of the Business of the Partnership After Dissolution  .  Upon (a) an Event of Withdrawal caused by the withdrawal or removal of the General Partner as   provided   in Section 11.1(a)(i) or (iii) and the failure of the Partners to select a successor to such Departing General Partner pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, then within 90 days thereafter, or (b) an event constituting an Event of Withdrawal as defined in Section 11.1(a)(iv), (v) or (vi), then, to the maximum extent permitted by law, within 180 days thereafter, the holders of a Unit Majority may elect to continue the business of the Partnership on the same terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement by appointing as a successor General Partner a Person approved by the holders of a Unit Majority.  Unless such an election is made within the applicable time period as set forth above, the Partnership shall conduct only activities necessary to wind up its affairs.  If such an election is so made, then: 
  (i)    the Partnership shall continue without dissolution unless earlier dissolved in accordance with this Article XII; 
  (ii)    if the successor General Partner is not the former General Partner, then the interest of the former General Partner shall be treated in the manner provided in Section 11.3; and 
  (iii)    the successor General Partner shall be admitted to the Partnership as General Partner, effective as of the Event of Withdrawal, by agreeing in writing to be bound by this Agreement;   provided  , that the right of the holders of a Unit Majority to approve a successor General Partner and to continue the business of the Partnership shall not exist and may not be exercised unless the Partnership has received an Opinion of Counsel that (x) the exercise of the right would not result in the loss of limited liability under the Delaware Act of any Limited Partner and (y) neither the Partnership nor any Group Member would be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise be taxable as an entity for federal income tax purposes upon the exercise of such right to continue (to the extent not already so treated or taxed). 
  Section 12.3      Liquidator  .  Upon dissolution of the Partnership, unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 12.2, the General Partner shall select one or more Persons to act as Liquidator.  The Liquidator (if other than the General Partner) shall be entitled to receive such compensation for its services as may be approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units and Subordinated Units, voting as a single class.  The Liquidator (if other than the General Partner) shall agree not to resign at any time without 15 days  prior notice and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by notice of removal approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units and Subordinated Units, voting as a single class.  Upon dissolution, removal or resignation of the Liquidator, a successor and substitute Liquidator (who shall have and succeed to all rights, powers and duties of the original Liquidator) shall within 30 days thereafter be approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units and Subordinated Units, voting as a single class.  The right to approve a successor or substitute Liquidator in the manner provided herein shall be deemed to refer also to any such successor or substitute Liquidator approved in the manner herein provided.  Except as expressly provided in this Article XII, the Liquidator approved in the manner provided herein shall have and may exercise, without further authorization or consent of any of the parties hereto, all of the powers conferred upon the General Partner under the terms of this Agreement (but subject to all of the applicable limitations, contractual and otherwise, upon the exercise of such powers, other than the limitation on sale set forth in Section 7.3) necessary or appropriate to carry out the duties and functions of the Liquidator hereunder for and during the period of time required to complete the winding up and liquidation of the Partnership as provided for herein. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  70 

Section 12.4      Liquidation  .  The Liquidator shall proceed to dispose of the assets of the Partnership, discharge its liabilities, and otherwise wind up its affairs in such manner and over such period as determined by the Liquidator, subject to Section 17 804 of the Delaware Act and the following: 
  (a)    The assets may be disposed of by public or private sale or by distribution in kind to one or more Partners on such terms as the Liquidator and such Partner or Partners may agree.  If any property is distributed in kind, the Partner receiving the property shall be deemed for purposes of Section 12.4(c) to have received cash equal to its fair market value; and contemporaneously therewith, appropriate cash distributions must be made to the other Partners.  The Liquidator may defer liquidation or distribution of the Partnership s assets for a reasonable time if it determines that an immediate sale or distribution of all or some of the Partnership s assets would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the Partners.  The Liquidator may distribute the Partnership s assets, in whole or in part, in kind if it determines that a sale would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the Partners. 
  (b)    Liabilities of the Partnership include amounts owed to the Liquidator as compensation for serving in such capacity (subject to the terms of Section 12.3) and amounts to Partners otherwise than in respect of their distribution rights under Article VI.  With respect to any liability that is contingent, conditional or unmatured or is otherwise not yet due and payable, the Liquidator shall either settle such claim for such amount as it thinks appropriate or establish a reserve of cash or other assets to provide for its payment.  When paid, any unused portion of the reserve shall be distributed as additional liquidation proceeds. 
  (c)    All property and all cash in excess of that required to discharge liabilities as provided in Section 12.4(b) shall be distributed to the Partners in accordance with, and to the extent of, the positive balances in their respective Capital Accounts, as determined after taking into account all Capital Account adjustments (other than those made by reason of distributions pursuant to this Section 12.4(c)) for the taxable period of the Partnership during which the liquidation of the Partnership occurs (with such date of occurrence being determined pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(ii)(g)), and such distribution shall be made by the end of such taxable period (or, if later, within 90 days after said date of such occurrence). 
  Section 12.5      Cancellation of Certificate of Limited Partnership  .  Upon the completion of the distribution of Partnership cash and property as provided in Section 12.4 in connection with the liquidation of the Partnership, the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all qualifications of the Partnership as a foreign limited partnership in jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware shall be canceled and such other actions as may be necessary to terminate the Partnership shall be taken. 
  Section 12.6      Return of Contributions  .  The General Partner shall not be personally liable for, and shall have no obligation to contribute or loan any monies or property to the Partnership to enable it to effectuate, the return of the Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners or Unitholders, or any portion thereof, it being expressly understood that any such return shall be made solely from Partnership assets. 
  Section 12.7      Waiver of Partition  .  To the maximum extent permitted by law, each Partner hereby waives any right to partition of the Partnership property. 
  Section 12.8      Capital Account Restoration  .  No Limited Partner shall have any obligation to restore any negative balance in its Capital Account upon liquidation of the Partnership.  The General Partner shall be obligated to restore any negative balance in its Capital Account upon liquidation of its interest in the Partnership by the end of the taxable period of the Partnership during which such liquidation occurs, or, if later, within 90 days after the date of such liquidation. 
  ARTICLE XIII 
  AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; MEETINGS; RECORD DATE 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  71 

Section 13.1      Amendments to be Adopted Solely by the General Partner  .  Each Partner agrees that the General Partner, without the approval of any Partner, may amend any provision of this Agreement and execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record whatever documents may be required in connection therewith, to reflect: 
  (a)    a change in the name of the Partnership, the location of the principal place of business of the Partnership, the registered agent of the Partnership or the registered office of the Partnership; 
  (b)    admission, substitution, withdrawal or removal of Partners in accordance with this Agreement; 
  (c)    a change that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate to qualify or continue the qualification of the Partnership as a limited partnership or a partnership in which the Limited Partners have limited liability under the laws of any state or to ensure that the Group Members will not be treated as associations taxable as corporations or otherwise taxed as entities for federal income tax purposes; 
  (d)    a change that the General Partner determines (i) does not adversely affect the Limited Partners (including any particular class of Partnership Interests as compared to other classes of Partnership Interests) in any material respect, (ii) to be necessary or appropriate to (A) satisfy any requirements, conditions or guidelines contained in any opinion, directive, order, ruling or regulation of any federal or state agency or judicial authority or contained in any federal or state statute (including the Delaware Act) or (B) facilitate the trading of the Units (including the division of any class or classes of Outstanding Units into different classes to facilitate uniformity of tax consequences within such classes of Units) or comply with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are or will be listed or admitted to trading, (iii) to be necessary or appropriate in connection with action taken by the General Partner pursuant to Section 5.9 or (iv) is required to effect the intent expressed in the Registration Statement or the intent of the provisions of this Agreement or is otherwise contemplated by this Agreement; 
  (e)    a change in the fiscal year or taxable period of the Partnership and any other changes that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate as a result of a change in the fiscal year or taxable period of the Partnership including, if the General Partner shall so determine, a change in the definition of  Quarter  and the dates on which distributions are to be made by the Partnership; 
  (f)    an amendment that is necessary, in the Opinion of Counsel, to prevent the Partnership, or the General Partner or its directors, officers, trustees or agents from in any manner being subjected to the provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or  plan asset  regulations adopted under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, regardless of whether such are substantially similar to plan asset regulations currently applied or proposed by the United States Department of Labor; 
  (g)    an amendment that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with the creation, authorization or issuance of any class or series of Partnership Interests and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to the Partnership Interests pursuant to Section 5.6; 
  (h)    any amendment expressly permitted in this Agreement to be made by the General Partner acting alone; 
  (i)    an amendment effected, necessitated or contemplated by a Merger Agreement approved in accordance with Section 14.3; 
  (j)    an amendment that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate to reflect and account for the formation by the Partnership of, or investment by the Partnership in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, in connection with the conduct by the Partnership of activities permitted by the terms of Section 2.4 or 7.1(a); 
  (k)    a merger, conveyance or conversion pursuant to Section 14.3(d); or 
  (l)    any other amendments substantially similar to the foregoing. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  72 

Section 13.2      Amendment Procedures  .  Amendments to this Agreement may be proposed only by the General Partner.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, the General Partner shall have no duty or obligation to propose or approve any amendment to this Agreement and may decline to do so in its sole discretion, and, in declining to propose or approve an amendment, to the fullest extent permitted by law shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity.  An amendment shall be effective upon its approval by the General Partner and, except as otherwise provided by Section 13.1 or 13.3, the holders of a Unit Majority, unless a greater or different percentage is required under this Agreement or by Delaware law.  Each proposed amendment that requires the approval of the holders of a specified percentage of Outstanding Units shall be set forth in a writing that contains the text of the proposed amendment.  If such an amendment is proposed, the General Partner shall seek the written approval of the requisite percentage of Outstanding Units or call a meeting of the Unitholders to consider and vote on such proposed amendment.  The General Partner shall notify all Record Holders upon final adoption of any amendments.  The General Partner shall be deemed to have notified all Record Holders as required by this Section 13.2 if it has either (i) filed such amendment with the Commission via its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system and such amendment is publicly available on such system or (ii) made such amendment available on any publicly available website maintained by the Partnership 
  Section 13.3      Amendment Requirements  . 
  (a)    Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13.1 and Section 13.2, no provision of this Agreement that establishes a percentage of Outstanding Units (including Units deemed owned by the General Partner) required to take any action shall be amended, altered, changed, repealed or rescinded in any respect that would have the effect of (i) in the case of any provision of this Agreement other than Section 11.2 or Section 13.4, reducing such percentage or (ii) in the case of Section 11.2 or Section 13.4, increasing such percentage, unless such amendment is approved by the written consent or the affirmative vote of holders of Outstanding Units whose aggregate Outstanding Units constitute not less than the voting requirement sought to be reduced or increased, as applicable. 
  (b)    Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13.1 and Section 13.2, no amendment to this Agreement may (i) enlarge the obligations of (including requiring any holder of a class of Partnership Interests to make additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership) any Limited Partner without its consent, unless such shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of an amendment approved pursuant to Section 13.3(c), or (ii) enlarge the obligations of, restrict, change or modify in any way any action by or rights of, or reduce in any way the amounts distributable, reimbursable or otherwise payable to, the General Partner or any of its Affiliates without its consent, which consent may be given or withheld at its option. 
  (c)    Except as provided in Section 14.3 or Section 13.1, any amendment that would have a material adverse effect on the rights or preferences of any class of Partnership Interests in relation to other classes of Partnership Interests must be approved by the holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Partnership Interests of the class affected.  If the General Partner determines an amendment does not satisfy the requirements of Section 13.1(d)(i) because it adversely affects one or more classes of Partnership Interests, as compared to other classes of Partnership Interests, in any material respect, such amendment shall only be required to be approved by the adversely affected class or classes. 
  (d)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, except for amendments pursuant to Section 13.1 and except as otherwise provided by Section 14.3(b), no amendments shall become effective without the approval of the holders of at least 90% of the Outstanding Units voting as a single class unless the Partnership obtains an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such amendment will not affect the limited liability of any Limited Partner under applicable partnership law of the state under whose laws the Partnership is organized. 
  (e)    Except as provided in Section 13.1, this Section 13.3 shall only be amended with the approval of the holders of at least 90% of the Outstanding Units. 
  Section 13.4      Special Meetings  .  All acts of Limited Partners to be taken pursuant to this Agreement shall be taken in the manner provided in this Article XIII.  Special meetings of the Limited Partners may be called by the General Partner or by Limited Partners owning 20% or more of the Outstanding Units of the class or classes for which  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  73 

a meeting is proposed.  Limited Partners shall call a special meeting by delivering to the General Partner one or more requests in writing stating that the signing Limited Partners wish to call a special meeting and indicating the general or specific purposes for which the special meeting is to be called.  Within 60 days after receipt of such a call from Limited Partners or within such greater time as may be reasonably necessary for the Partnership to comply with any statutes, rules, regulations, listing agreements or similar requirements governing the holding of a meeting or the solicitation of proxies for use at such a meeting, the General Partner shall send a notice of the meeting to the Limited Partners either directly or indirectly through the Transfer Agent.  A meeting shall be held at a time and place determined by the General Partner on a date not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days after the time notice of the meeting is given as provided in Section 16.1.  Limited Partners shall not vote on matters that would cause the Limited Partners to be deemed to be taking part in the management and control of the business and affairs of the Partnership so as to jeopardize the Limited Partners  limited liability under the Delaware Act or the law of any other state in which the Partnership is qualified to do business. 
  Section 13.5      Notice of a Meeting  .  Notice of a meeting called pursuant to Section 13.4 shall be given to the Record Holders of the class or classes of Units for which a meeting is proposed in writing by mail or other means of written communication in accordance with Section 16.1.  The notice shall be deemed to have been given at the time when deposited in the mail or sent by other means of written communication. 
  Section 13.6      Record Date  .  For purposes of determining the Limited Partners entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the Limited Partners or to give approvals without a meeting as provided in Section 13.11 the General Partner may set a Record Date, which shall not be less than 10 nor more than 60 days before (a) the date of the meeting (unless such requirement conflicts with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed or admitted to trading or U.S. federal securities laws, in which case the rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of such National Securities Exchange or U.S. federal securities laws shall govern) or (b) in the event that approvals are sought without a meeting, the date by which Limited Partners are requested in writing by the General Partner to give such approvals.  If the General Partner does not set a Record Date, then (a) the Record Date for determining the Limited Partners entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the Limited Partners shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, and (b) the Record Date for determining the Limited Partners entitled to give approvals without a meeting shall be the date the first written approval is deposited with the Partnership in care of the General Partner in accordance with Section 13.11. 
  Section 13.7      Adjournment  .  When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting and a new Record Date need not be fixed, if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, unless such adjournment shall be for more than 45 days.  At the adjourned meeting, the Partnership may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting.  If the adjournment is for more than 45 days or if a new Record Date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given in accordance with this Article XIII. 
  Section 13.8      Waiver of Notice; Approval of Meeting; Approval of Minutes  .  The transactions of any meeting of Limited Partners, however called and noticed, and whenever held, shall be as valid as if it had occurred at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum is present either in person or by proxy.  Attendance of a Limited Partner at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting, except when the Limited Partner attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened; and except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to disapprove the consideration of matters required to be included in the notice of the meeting, but not so included, if the disapproval is expressly made at the meeting. 
  Section 13.9      Quorum and Voting  .  The holders of a majority of the Outstanding Units of the class or classes for which a meeting has been called (including Outstanding Units deemed owned by the General Partner) represented in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of Limited Partners of such class or classes unless any such action by the Limited Partners requires approval by holders of a greater percentage of such Units, in which case the quorum shall be such greater percentage.  At any meeting of the Limited Partners duly called and held in accordance with this Agreement at which a quorum is present, the act of Limited Partners holding Outstanding Units that in the aggregate represent a majority of the Outstanding Units entitled to vote and be present in person or by proxy  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  74 

at such meeting shall be deemed to constitute the act of all Limited Partners, unless a greater or different percentage is required with respect to such action under the provisions of this Agreement, in which case the act of the Limited Partners holding Outstanding Units that in the aggregate represent at least such greater or different percentage shall be required.  The Limited Partners present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough Limited Partners to leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by the required percentage of Outstanding Units specified in this Agreement (including Outstanding Units deemed owned by the General Partner).  In the absence of a quorum any meeting of Limited Partners may be adjourned from time to time by the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Units entitled to vote at such meeting (including Outstanding Units deemed owned by the General Partner) represented either in person or by proxy, but no other business may be transacted, except as provided in Section 13.7. 
  Section 13.10      Conduct of a Meeting  .  The General Partner shall have full power and authority concerning the manner of conducting any meeting of the Limited Partners or solicitation of approvals in writing, including the determination of Persons entitled to vote, the existence of a quorum, the satisfaction of the requirements of Section 13.4, the conduct of voting, the validity and effect of any proxies and the determination of any controversies, votes or challenges arising in connection with or during the meeting or voting.  The General Partner shall designate a Person to serve as chairman of any meeting and shall further designate a Person to take the minutes of any meeting.  All minutes shall be kept with the records of the Partnership maintained by the General Partner.  The General Partner may make such other regulations consistent with applicable law and this Agreement as it may deem advisable concerning the conduct of any meeting of the Limited Partners or solicitation of approvals in writing, including regulations in regard to the appointment of proxies, the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes and approvals, the submission and examination of proxies and other evidence of the right to vote, and the revocation of approvals in writing. 
  Section 13.11      Action Without a Meeting  .  If authorized by the General Partner, any action that may be taken at a meeting of the Limited Partners may be taken without a meeting, without a vote and without prior notice, if an approval in writing setting forth the action so taken is signed by Limited Partners owning not less than the minimum percentage of the Outstanding Units (including Outstanding Units deemed owned by the General Partner) that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all the Limited Partners were present and voted (unless such provision conflicts with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed or admitted to trading, in which case the rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of such National Securities Exchange shall govern).  Prompt notice of the taking of action without a meeting shall be given to the Limited Partners who have not approved in writing.  The General Partner may specify that any written ballot, if any, submitted to Limited Partners for the purpose of taking any action without a meeting shall be returned to the Partnership within the time period, which shall be not less than 20 days, specified by the General Partner.  If a ballot returned to the Partnership does not vote all of the Units held by the Limited Partners, the Partnership shall be deemed to have failed to receive a ballot for the Units that were not voted.  If approval of the taking of any action by the Limited Partners is solicited by any Person other than by or on behalf of the General Partner, the written approvals shall have no force and effect unless and until (a) they are deposited with the Partnership in care of the General Partner and (b) an Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the General Partner to the effect that the exercise of such right and the action proposed to be taken with respect to any particular matter (i) will not cause the Limited Partners to be deemed to be taking part in the management and control of the business and affairs of the Partnership so as to jeopardize the Limited Partners  limited liability, and (ii) is otherwise permissible under the state statutes then governing the rights, duties and liabilities of the Partnership and the Partners.  Nothing contained in this Section 13.11 shall be deemed to require the General Partner to solicit all Limited Partners in connection with a matter approved by the holders of the requisite percentage of Units acting by written consent without a meeting. 
  Section 13.12      Right to Vote and Related Matters  . 
  (a)    Only those Record Holders of the Outstanding Units on the Record Date set pursuant to Section 13.6 (and also subject to the limitations contained in the definition of    Outstanding   ) shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, a meeting of Limited Partners or to act with respect to matters as to which the holders of the Outstanding Units have the right to vote or to act.  All references in this Agreement to votes of, or other acts that may be taken by, the  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  75 

Outstanding Units shall be deemed to be references to the votes or acts of the Record Holders of such Outstanding Units. 
  (b)    With respect to Units that are held for a Person s account by another Person (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation, or an agent of any of the foregoing), in whose name such Units are registered, such other Person shall, in exercising the voting rights in respect of such Units on any matter, and unless the arrangement between such Persons provides otherwise, vote such Units in favor of, and at the direction of, the Person who is the beneficial owner, and the Partnership shall be entitled to assume it is so acting without further inquiry.  The provisions of this Section 13.12(b) (as well as all other provisions of this Agreement) are subject to the provisions of Section 4.3. 
  ARTICLE XIV 
  MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR CONVERSION 
  Section 14.1      Authority  .  The Partnership may merge or consolidate with or into one or more corporations, limited liability companies, statutory trusts or associations, real estate investment trusts, common law trusts or unincorporated businesses, including a partnership (whether general or limited (including a limited liability partnership)) or convert into any such entity, whether such entity is formed under the laws of the State of Delaware or any other state of the United States of America, pursuant to a written plan of merger or consolidation (   Merger Agreement   ) or a written plan of conversion (   Plan of Conversion   ), as the case may be, in accordance with this Article XIV. 
  Section 14.2      Procedure for Merger, Consolidation or Conversion  . 
  (a)    Merger, consolidation or conversion of the Partnership pursuant to this Article XIV requires the prior consent of the General Partner,   provided  ,   however  , that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the General Partner shall have no duty or obligation to consent to any merger, consolidation or conversion of the Partnership and may decline to do so free of any fiduciary duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership, any Limited Partner and, in declining to consent to a merger, consolidation or conversion, shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity. 
  (b)    If the General Partner shall determine to consent to the merger or consolidation, the General Partner shall approve the Merger Agreement, which shall set forth: 
  (i)    the name and jurisdiction of formation or organization of each of the business entities proposing to merge or consolidate; 
  (ii)    the name and jurisdiction of formation or organization of the business entity that is to survive the proposed merger or consolidation (the    Surviving Business Entity    
  (iii)    the terms and conditions of the proposed merger or consolidation; 
  (iv)    the manner and basis of exchanging or converting the equity interests of each constituent business entity for, or into, cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity; and (i) if any interests, securities or rights of any constituent business entity are not to be exchanged or converted solely for, or into, cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity, then the cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of any general or limited partnership, corporation, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated business or other entity (other than the Surviving Business Entity) which the holders of such interests, securities or rights are to receive in exchange for, or upon conversion of their interests, securities or rights, and (ii) in the case of equity interests represented by certificates, upon the surrender of such certificates, which cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity or any general or limited partnership, corporation, trust, limited  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  76 

liability company, unincorporated business or other entity (other than the Surviving Business Entity), or evidences thereof, are to be delivered; 
  (v)    a statement of any changes in the constituent documents or the adoption of new constituent documents (the articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of trust, declaration of trust, certificate or agreement of limited partnership, certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement or other similar charter or governing document) of the Surviving Business Entity to be effected by such merger or consolidation; 
  (vi)    the effective time of the merger, which may be the date of the filing of the certificate of merger pursuant to Section 14.4 or a later date specified in or determinable in accordance with the Merger Agreement (  provided  , that if the effective time of the merger is to be later than the date of the filing of such certificate of merger, the effective time shall be fixed at a date or time certain and stated in the certificate of merger); and 
  (vii)    such other provisions with respect to the proposed merger or consolidation that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. 
  (c)    If the General Partner shall determine to consent to the conversion, the General Partner shall approve the Plan of Conversion, which shall set forth: 
  (i)    the name of the converting entity and the converted entity; 
  (ii)    a statement that the Partnership is continuing its existence in the organizational form of the converted entity; 
  (iii)    a statement as to the type of entity that the converted entity is to be and the state or country under the laws of which the converted entity is to be incorporated, formed or organized; 
  (iv)    the manner and basis of exchanging or converting the equity securities of each constituent business entity for, or into, cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the converted entity or another entity, or for the cancellation of such equity securities; 
  (v)    in an attachment or exhibit, the certificate of limited partnership of the Partnership; and 
  (vi)    in an attachment or exhibit, the certificate of limited partnership, articles of incorporation, or other organizational documents of the converted entity; 
  (vii)    the effective time of the conversion, which may be the date of the filing of the articles of conversion or a later date specified in or determinable in accordance with the Plan of Conversion (  provided  , that if the effective time of the conversion is to be later than the date of the filing of such articles of conversion, the effective time shall be fixed at a date or time certain and stated in such articles of conversion); and 
  (viii)    such other provisions with respect to the proposed conversion that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. 
  Section 14.3      Approval by Limited Partners  . 
  (a)    Except as provided in Section 14.3(d), the General Partner, upon its approval of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall direct that the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion and the merger, consolidation or conversion contemplated thereby, as applicable, be submitted to a vote of Limited Partners, whether at a special meeting or by written consent, in either case in accordance with the requirements of Article XIII.  A copy or a summary of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall be included in or enclosed with the notice of a special meeting or the written consent. 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  77 

(b)    Except as provided in Sections 14.3(d) and 14.3(e), the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall be approved upon receiving the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of a Unit Majority unless the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, contains any provision that, if contained in an amendment to this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement or the Delaware Act would require for its approval the vote or consent of a greater percentage of the Outstanding Units or of any class of Limited Partners, in which case such greater percentage vote or consent shall be required for approval of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be. 
  (c)    Except as provided in Sections 14.3(d) and 14.3(e), after such approval by vote or consent of the Limited Partners, and at any time prior to the filing of the certificate of merger or certificate of conversion pursuant to Section 14.4, the merger, consolidation or conversion may be abandoned pursuant to provisions therefor, if any, set forth in the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be. 
  (d)    Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article XIV or in this Agreement, the General Partner is permitted, without Limited Partner approval, to convert the Partnership or any Group Member into a new limited liability entity, to merge the Partnership or any Group Member into, or convey all of the Partnership s assets to, another limited liability entity that shall be newly formed and shall have no assets, liabilities or operations at the time of such conversion, merger or conveyance other than those it receives from the Partnership or other Group Member if (i) the General Partner has received an Opinion of Counsel that the conversion, merger or conveyance, as the case may be, would not result in the loss of the limited liability under the Delaware Act of any Limited Partner or cause the Partnership or any Group Member to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not already treated as such), (ii) the sole purpose of such conversion, merger, or conveyance is to effect a mere change in the legal form of the Partnership into another limited liability entity and (iii) the governing instruments of the new entity provide the Limited Partners and the General Partner with substantially the same rights and obligations as are herein contained. 
  (e)    Additionally, notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article XIV or in this Agreement, the General Partner is permitted, without Limited Partner approval, to merge or consolidate the Partnership with or into another entity if (A) the General Partner has received an Opinion of Counsel that the merger or consolidation, as the case may be, would not result in the loss of the limited liability under the Delaware Act of any Limited Partner or cause the Partnership or any Group Member to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not already treated as such), (B) the merger or consolidation would not result in an amendment to this Agreement, other than any amendments that could be adopted pursuant to Section 13.1, (C) the Partnership is the Surviving Business Entity in such merger or consolidation, (D) each Unit outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation is to be an identical Unit of the Partnership after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, and (E) the number of Partnership Interests to be issued by the Partnership in such merger or consolidation does not exceed 20% of the Partnership Interests (other than Incentive Distribution Rights) Outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of such merger or consolidation. 
  (f)    Pursuant to Section 17 211(g) of the Delaware Act, an agreement of merger or consolidation approved in accordance with this Article XIV may (a) effect any amendment to this Agreement or (b) effect the adoption of a new partnership agreement for the Partnership if it is the Surviving Business Entity.  Any such amendment or adoption made pursuant to this Section 14.3 shall be effective at the effective time or date of the merger or consolidation. 
  Section 14.4      Certificate of Merger  .  Upon the required approval by the General Partner and the Unitholders of a Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, a certificate of merger or certificate of conversion, as applicable, shall be executed and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in conformity with the requirements of the Delaware Act. 
  Section 14.5      Effect of Merger, Consolidation or Conversion  . 
  (a)    At the effective time of the certificate of merger: 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  78 

(i)    all of the rights, privileges and powers of each of the business entities that has merged or consolidated, and all property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to any of those business entities and all other things and causes of action belonging to each of those business entities, shall be vested in the Surviving Business Entity and after the merger or consolidation shall be the property of the Surviving Business Entity to the extent they were of each constituent business entity; 
  (ii)    the title to any real property vested by deed or otherwise in any of those constituent business entities shall not revert and is not in any way impaired because of the merger or consolidation; 
  (iii)    all rights of creditors and all liens on or security interests in property of any of those constituent business entities shall be preserved unimpaired; and 
  (iv)    all debts, liabilities and duties of those constituent business entities shall attach to the Surviving Business Entity and may be enforced against it to the same extent as if the debts, liabilities and duties had been incurred or contracted by it. 
  (b)    At the effective time of the certificate of conversion, for all purposes of the laws of the State of Delaware: 
  (i)    the Partnership shall continue to exist, without interruption, but in the organizational form of the converted entity rather than in its prior organizational form; 
  (ii)    all rights, title, and interests to all real estate and other property owned by the Partnership shall remain vested in the converted entity in its new organizational form without reversion or impairment, without further act or deed, and without any transfer or assignment having occurred, but subject to any existing liens or other encumbrances thereon; 
  (iii)    all liabilities and obligations of the Partnership shall continue to be liabilities and obligations of the converted entity in its new organizational form without impairment or diminution by reason of the conversion; 
  (iv)    all rights of creditors or other parties with respect to or against the prior interest holders or other owners of the Partnership in their capacities as such in existence as of the effective time of the conversion will continue in existence as to those liabilities and obligations and are enforceable against the converted entity by such creditors and obligees to the same extent as if the liabilities and obligations had originally been incurred or contracted by the converted entity; 
  (v)    the Partnership Interests that are to be converted into partnership interests, shares, evidences of ownership, or other rights or securities in the converted entity or cash as provided in the plan of conversion shall be so converted, and Partners shall be entitled only to the rights provided in the Plan of Conversion. 
  ARTICLE XV 
  RIGHT TO ACQUIRE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
  Section 15.1      Right to Acquire Limited Partner Interests  . 
  (a)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if at any time the General Partner and its Affiliates hold more than 80% of the total Limited Partner Interests of any class then Outstanding, the General Partner shall then have the right, which right it may assign and transfer in whole or in part to the Partnership or any Affiliate of the General Partner, exercisable in its sole discretion, to purchase all, but not less than all, of such Limited Partner Interests of such class then Outstanding held by Persons other than the General Partner and its Affiliates, at the greater of (x) the Current Market Price as of the date three days prior to the date that the notice described in Section 15.1(b) is mailed and (y) the highest price paid by the General Partner or any of its Affiliates for any such Limited Partner  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  79 

Interest of such class purchased during the 90 day period preceding the date that the notice described in Section 15.1(b) is mailed. 
  (b)    If the General Partner, any Affiliate of the General Partner or the Partnership elects to exercise the right to purchase Limited Partner Interests granted pursuant to Section 15.1(a), the General Partner shall deliver to the Transfer Agent notice of such election to purchase (the    Notice of Election to Purchase   ) and shall cause the Transfer Agent to mail a copy of such Notice of Election to Purchase to the Record Holders of Limited Partner Interests of such class (as of a Record Date selected by the General Partner) at least 10, but not more than 60, days prior to the Purchase Date.  Such Notice of Election to Purchase shall also be published for a period of at least three consecutive days in at least two daily newspapers of general circulation printed in the English language and published in the Borough of Manhattan, New York.  The Notice of Election to Purchase shall specify the Purchase Date and the price (determined in accordance with Section 15.1(a)) at which Limited Partner Interests will be purchased and state that the General Partner, its Affiliate or the Partnership, as the case may be, elects to purchase such Limited Partner Interests, upon surrender of Certificates representing such Limited Partner Interests in the case of Limited Partner Interests evidenced by Certificates, in exchange for payment, at such office or offices of the Transfer Agent as the Transfer Agent may specify, or as may be required by any National Securities Exchange on which such Limited Partner Interests are listed or admitted to trading.  Any such Notice of Election to Purchase mailed to a Record Holder of Limited Partner Interests at his address as reflected in the records of the Transfer Agent shall be conclusively presumed to have been given regardless of whether the owner receives such notice.  On or prior to the Purchase Date, the General Partner, its Affiliate or the Partnership, as the case may be, shall deposit with the Transfer Agent cash in an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate purchase price of all of such Limited Partner Interests to be purchased in accordance with this Section 15.1.  If the Notice of Election to Purchase shall have been duly given as aforesaid at least 10 days prior to the Purchase Date, and if on or prior to the Purchase Date the deposit described in the preceding sentence has been made for the benefit of the holders of Limited Partner Interests subject to purchase as provided herein, then from and after the Purchase Date, notwithstanding that any Certificate shall not have been surrendered for purchase, all rights of the holders of such Limited Partner Interests (including any rights pursuant to Article III, Article IV, Article V, Article VI, and Article XII) shall thereupon cease, except the right to receive the purchase price (determined in accordance with Section 15.1(a)) for Limited Partner Interests therefor, without interest, upon surrender to the Transfer Agent of the Certificates representing such Limited Partner Interests in the case of Limited Partner Interests evidenced by Certificates, and such Limited Partner Interests shall thereupon be deemed to be transferred to the General Partner, its Affiliate or the Partnership, as the case may be, on the record books of the Transfer Agent and the Partnership, and the General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner, or the Partnership, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the owner of all such Limited Partner Interests from and after the Purchase Date and shall have all rights as the owner of such Limited Partner Interests (including all rights as owner of such Limited Partner Interests pursuant to Article III, Article IV, Article V, Article VI and Article XII). 
  (c)    In the case of Limited Partner Interests evidenced by Certificates, at any time from and after the Purchase Date, a holder of an Outstanding Limited Partner Interest subject to purchase as provided in this Section 15.1 may surrender his Certificate evidencing such Limited Partner Interest to the Transfer Agent in exchange for payment of the amount described in Section 15.1(a), therefor, without interest thereon. 
  ARTICLE XVI 
  GENERAL PROVISIONS 
  Section 16.1      Addresses and Notices; Written Communications  . 
  (a)    Any notice, demand, request, report or proxy materials required or permitted to be given or made to a Partner under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or made when delivered in person or when sent by first class United States mail or by other means of written communication to the Partner at the address described below.  Any notice, payment or report to be given or made to a Partner hereunder shall be deemed conclusively to have been given or made, and the obligation to give such notice or report or to make such payment shall be deemed conclusively to have been fully satisfied, upon sending of such notice, payment or report to the Record Holder of such Partnership Interests at his address as shown on the records of the Transfer Agent or as otherwise shown on the records  
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  80 

of the Partnership, regardless of any claim of any Person who may have an interest in such Partnership Interests by reason of any assignment or otherwise.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) a Partner shall consent to receiving notices, demands, requests, reports or proxy materials via electronic mail or by the Internet or (ii) the rules of the Commission shall permit any report or proxy materials to be delivered electronically or made available via the Internet, any such notice, demand, request, report or proxy materials shall be deemed given or made when delivered or made available via such mode of delivery.  An affidavit or certificate of making of any notice, payment or report in accordance with the provisions of this Section 16.1 executed by the General Partner, the Transfer Agent or the mailing organization shall be prima facie evidence of the giving or making of such notice, payment or report.  If any notice, payment or report given or made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 16.1 is returned marked to indicate that such notice, payment or report was unable to be delivered, such notice, payment or report and, in the case of notices, payments or reports returned by the United States Postal Service (or other physical mail delivery mail service outside the United States of America), any subsequent notices, payments and reports shall be deemed to have been duly given or made without further mailing (until such time as such Record Holder or another Person notifies the Transfer Agent or the Partnership of a change in his address) or other delivery if they are available for the Partner at the principal office of the Partnership for a period of one year from the date of the giving or making of such notice, payment or report to the other Partners.  Any notice to the Partnership shall be deemed given if received by the General Partner at the principal office of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 2.3.  The General Partner may rely and shall be protected in relying on any notice or other document from a Partner or other Person if believed by it to be genuine. 
  (b)    The terms  in writing ,  written communications,   written notice  and words of similar import shall be deemed satisfied under this Agreement by use of e-mail and other forms of electronic communication. 
  Section 16.2      Further Action  .  The parties shall execute and deliver all documents, provide all information and take or refrain from taking action as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Agreement. 
  Section 16.3      Binding Effect  .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. 
  Section 16.4      Integration  .  Except for agreements with Affiliates of the General Partner, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings pertaining thereto. 
  Section 16.5      Creditors  .  None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of, or shall be enforceable by, any creditor of the Partnership. 
  Section 16.6      Waiver  .  No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute waiver of any such breach of any other covenant, duty, agreement or condition. 
  Section 16.7      Third-Party Beneficiaries  .  Each Partner agrees that (a) any Indemnitee shall be entitled to assert rights and remedies hereunder as a third-party beneficiary hereto with respect to those provisions of this Agreement affording a right, benefit or privilege to such Indemnitee and (b) any Unrestricted Person shall be entitled to assert rights and remedies hereunder as a third-party beneficiary hereto with respect to those provisions of this Agreement affording a right, benefit or privilege to such Unrestricted Person. 
  Section 16.8      Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute an agreement binding on all the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all such parties are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart.  Each party shall become bound by this Agreement immediately upon affixing its signature hereto or, in the case of a Person acquiring a Limited Partner Interest, pursuant to Section 10.1(a) without execution hereof. 
  Section 16.9      Applicable Law; Forum, Venue and Jurisdiction  . 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  81 

(a)    This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. 
  (b)    Each of the Partners and each Person holding any beneficial interest in the Partnership (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise): 
  (i)    irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings (A) arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement (including any claims, suits or actions to interpret, apply or enforce the provisions of this Agreement or the duties, obligations or liabilities among Partners or of Partners to the Partnership, or the rights or powers of, or restrictions on, the Partners or the Partnership), (B) brought in a derivative manner on behalf of the Partnership, (C) asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee of the Partnership or the General Partner, or owed by the General Partner, to the Partnership or the Partners, (D) asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware Act or (E) asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, in each case regardless of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings sound in contract, tort, fraud or otherwise, are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds, or are derivative or direct claims; 
  (ii)    irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding; 
  (iii)    agrees not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or of any other court to which proceedings in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper; 
  (iv)    expressly waives any requirement for the posting of a bond by a party bringing such claim, suit, action or proceeding; and 
  (v)    consents to process being served in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such services shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof;   provided  , nothing in clause (v) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
  Section 16.10      Invalidity of Provisions  .  If any provision or part of a provision of this Agreement is or becomes for any reason, invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions and part thereof contained herein shall not be affected thereby and this Agreement shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reformed and construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision, or part of a provision, had never been contained herein, and such provision or part reformed so that it would be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent possible. 
  Section 16.11      Consent of Partners  .  Each Partner hereby expressly consents and agrees that, whenever in this Agreement it is specified that an action may be taken upon the affirmative vote or consent of less than all of the Partners, such action may be so taken upon the concurrence of less than all of the Partners and each Partner shall be bound by the results of such action. 
  Section 16.12      Facsimile Signatures  .  The use of facsimile signatures affixed in the name and on behalf of the transfer agent and registrar of the Partnership on Certificates representing Units is expressly permitted by this Agreement. 
  [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 
  
   WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.  COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
    
  82 

EXHIBIT A 
  EXHIBIT A      to the First Amended and Restated      Agreement of Limited Partnership of      Williams Partners L.P. 
  Certificate Evidencing Common Units      Representing Limited Partner Interests in                                                              Williams Partners L.P.   No.    Common Units 
  In accordance with Section 4.1 of the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Williams Partners L.P., as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (the    Partnership Agreemen  t ), Williams Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the    Partnership   ), hereby certifies that               (the    Holder   ) is the registered owner          of Common Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the    Common Units   ) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed.  The rights, preferences and limitations of the Common Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Common Units represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, the Partnership Agreement.  Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office of the Partnership located at 900 NW 63   rd    Street, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73118.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in the Partnership Agreement. 
  THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER, (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, OR (C) CAUSE WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE TO BE TAXED AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES (TO THE EXTENT NOT ALREADY SO TREATED OR TAXED).  WPZ GP LLC, THE GENERAL PARTNER OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P., MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IF IT RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE NECESSARY TO AVOID A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.BECOMING TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE BECOMING TAXABLE AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES.  THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH ABOVE SHALL NOT PRECLUDE THE SETTLEMENT OF ANY TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS SECURITY ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE FACILITIES OF ANY NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY IS LISTED OR ADMITTED TO TRADING. 
  The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the Partnership Agreement and (iii) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
  This Certificate shall not be valid for any purpose unless it has been countersigned and registered by the Transfer Agent and Registrar.  This Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 
  
   Exhibit A-1 

Dated: 
  Countersigned and Registered by: 
  Computershare Trust Company, N.A., 
  As Transfer Agent and Registrar 
    Williams Partners L.P. 
  By:  WPZ GP LLC 
  By:   
  Name:   
  By:   
  Secretary 

Exhibit A-2 

[Reverse of Certificate] 
  ABBREVIATIONS 
  The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 
                 TEN COM - as tenants in common 
  TEN ENT - as tenants by the entireties 
  JT TEN -   as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common 
    UNIF GIFT/TRANSFERS MIN ACT 
  Custodian 
  (Cust)   (Minor) 
  Under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD Minors Act (State) 

Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used. 
  ASSIGNMENT OF COMMON UNITS OF      WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P.FOR VALUE RECEIVED,    hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto 
                 (Please print or typewrite name and address of assignee) 
    (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee) 

Common Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint            as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of Williams Partners L.P. 
                   Date: 
      
    NOTE:  The signature to any endorsement hereon must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Certificate in every particular without alteration, enlargement or change. 

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 

(Signature) 
    
  (Signature) 

No transfer of the Common Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Common Units to be transferred is surrendered for registration or transfer. 

Exhibit A-3 

</EX-3.13>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 wpz_20160930xex102.htm
 EX-10.2

Exhibit 

Execution Version 

WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. 
  $1,000,000,000 of Common Units Representing Limited Partner Interests 
  Third Amendment to Equity Distribution Agreement 
  August 2, 2016 
  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
  Barclays Capital Inc. 
  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
  UBS Securities LLC  Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith                    Incorporated 
  Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
  Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC 
  Mizuho Securities USA Inc.      MUFG Securities Americas Inc.     
  c/o Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  388 Greenwich Street  New York, New York 10013 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
  THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (the    Amendment   ), is made and entered into as of August 2, 2016, by and among Williams Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the    Partnership   ), WPZ GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    General Partner   ), and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. (the    Managers   ). The Partnership and the General Partner are herein referred to as the    Williams Parties  .  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Equity Distribution Agreement (as defined below). 
  WHEREAS, each of the Williams Parties and the Managers are parties to an Equity Distribution Agreement, dated March 6, 2015, as amended as of June 17, 2015 and February 29, 2016 (the    Equity Distribution Agreement   ), with respect to the offering and sale of up to $1,000,000,000 of Common Units; 
  WHEREAS, each of the Williams Parties and the Managers, by executing this agreement, hereby consent to the amendment of the Equity Distribution Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Williams Parties and the Managers agree as follows: 
  SECTION 1.  Amendment to Equity Distribution Agreement  .  
  (a)  From and after the date of this Amendment, all references in the Equity Distribution Agreement to Latham   Watkins LLP shall be deemed to refer to Shearman   Sterling LLP, counsel for the Managers, at 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022, or such other firm as shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Managers. 
  (b)        From and after the date of this Amendment, all references in the Equity Distribution Agreement to Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc. shall be deemed to refer to MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 
  (c)        Section 2(i) of the Equity Distribution Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the word  indirectly  preceding the phrase  owns a 100% limited liability company interest in the General Partner  in the final sentence of such section. 
  (d)        Section 3(a)(i) of the Equity Distribution Agreement is hereby amended by adding after the words  any of the individuals listed as Authorized Representatives on Schedule II hereto  the following phrase:  which Schedule II may be updated by the Partnership or its counsel from time to time by written notice delivered to the Managers or their counsel.  
  (e)        Schedule II of the Equity Distribution Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the name  Damen Roccasalva  in place of the name  Michael Elder.  
  SECTION 2.  Representations and Warranties  .  Each of the Williams Parties, jointly and severally, represents and warrants to, and agrees with the Managers as set forth below in this Section 2.     
  (a)  Each of the Williams Parties that is a party to this Amendment has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment and perform its respective obligations hereunder.  The Partnership has all requisite limited partnership power and authority to offer, sell and deliver the Common Units in accordance with and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.  At each Representation Date and each Settlement Date, all limited partner and limited liability company action, as the case may be, required to be taken by any of the Williams Parties or any of their members or partners for the authorization, offering, sale and delivery of the Common Units and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Equity Distribution Agreement shall have been validly taken. 

(b)  This Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Williams Parties. 
  (c)  The representations and warranties of the Williams Parties contained in the Equity Distribution Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on the date hereof.  
  SECTION 3.  Effectuation  .  The amendments contemplated by this Amendment shall be deemed effective as of August 2, 2016 upon the execution of this Amendment by the parties hereto.  There are no conditions precedent or subsequent to the effectiveness of this Amendment.  
  SECTION 4.  Counterparts  .  This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   
  SECTION 5.  Effect on Agreement  .  Except as specifically modified herein, the Equity Distribution Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect.  The execution and delivery of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any party thereto.  From and after the date hereof, all references in the Equity Distribution Agreement to the  Agreement  shall mean the Equity Distribution Agreement as modified by this Amendment. 
  SECTION 6.  Severability  .  Any term or provision of this Amendment that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. 
  SECTION 7.  Further Assurances  .  Each party to this Amendment shall execute and deliver such documents and shall take such actions as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to effect the transactions described in this Amendment.   

SECTION 8.  Governing Law  .  THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED THERETO IS GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF THAT WOULD APPLY THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER STATE.  THE WILLIAMS PARTIES AND THE MANAGERS EACH WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY OR ON BEHALF OF EITHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT AND THE OFFERING CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
  SECTION 9.  Other Miscellaneous Terms  .  The provisions of Sections 8-10, 13 and 15-21 of the Equity Distribution Agreement shall apply   mutatis mutandis   to this Amendment, and to the Equity Distribution Agreement as modified by this Amendment, taken together as a single agreement, reflecting the terms as modified hereby. 
  [Signature pages follow] 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement among the Williams Parties and the Managers. 
  Very truly yours, 
    
  WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. 
    
           By: 
    WPZ GP LLC, its general partner 
       
  By:      /s/ Peter S. Burgess     
  Name:  Peter S. Burgess          Title:    Treasurer 
    
  WPZ GP LLC 
    
  By:      /s/ Peter S. Burgess     
  Name:  Peter S. Burgess 
  Title:    Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Equity Distribution Agreement] 

The foregoing Amendment is hereby confirmed  and accepted as of the date first written above. 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. 
    
  By:      /s/ Robert G. Leonard              Name: Robert G. Leonard          Title: Managing Director 
    
    BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. 
    
  By:      /s/ Amit Chandra                      Name: Amit Chandra          Title: Managing Director 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
    
  By:      /s/ Adam S. Rosenbluth                  Name: Adam S. Rosenbluth          Title: 

UBS SECURITIES LLC 
    
  By:      /s/ Christopher Wicklund                  Name: Christopher Wicklund          Title: Director 
    
  By:      /s/ Terence Austin                      Name: Terence Austin          Title: Associate Director 

MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER   SMITH  
                                INCORPORATED 
    
  By:      /s/ David Anders              Name: David Anders          Title: Managing Director 
  
   [Signature Page to Third Amendment to Equity Distribution Agreement] 

SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC. 
    
  By:      /s/ Josh Weismer              Name: Josh Weismer          Title: Managing Director 

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 
    
  By:      /s/ Young Kim              Name: Young Kim          Title: Managing Director 
    
  By:      /s/ Stephen Lambrix              Name: Stephen Lambrix          Title: Director 
    
    MORGAN STANLEY   CO. LLC 
    
  By:      /s/ Ashley MacNeill              Name: Ashley MacNeill          Title: Executive Director 

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA INC. 
    
  By:      /s/ Paul Gaydos              Name: Paul Gaydos          Title: Director of Syndicate 
    
      MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC. 
    
  By:      /s/ David McMillan              Name: David McMillan          Title: Managing Director 
  
   [Signature Page to Third Amendment to Equity Distribution Agreement] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-12>
 4
 wpz_20160930xex12.htm
 EX-12

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12 
  Williams Partners L.P. 
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

Nine Months Ended 
        
    September 30, 2016 
        
    (Millions) 
      Earnings: 
      
      Income (loss) before income taxes 
    $ 
    268 
      
      Less: Equity earnings 
    (302 
    ) 
      Income (loss) before income taxes and equity earnings 
    (34 
    ) 
      Add: 
      
      Fixed charges: 
      
      Interest incurred 
    715 
      
      Rental expense representative of interest factor 
    6 
      
      Total fixed charges 
    721 
      
      Distributed income of equity-method investees 
    536 
      
      Less: 
      
      Interest capitalized 
    (26 
    ) 
      Total earnings as adjusted 
    $ 
    1,197 
      
      Fixed charges 
    $ 
    721 
      
      Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 
    1.66 

</EX-12>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 wpz_20160930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Alan S. Armstrong, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Williams Partners L.P.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:    October 31, 2016 
                   
    /s/ Alan S. Armstrong 
        
    Alan S. Armstrong 
        
    Chief Executive Officer of WPZ GP LLC, general partner of Williams Partners L.P. 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 wpz_20160930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Donald R. Chappel, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Williams Partners L.P.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:    October 31, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Donald R. Chappel 
        
    Donald R. Chappel 
        
    Chief Financial Officer of WPZ GP LLC,  
  general partner of Williams Partners L.P. 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 wpz_20160930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Williams Partners L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of WPZ GP LLC (the  Company ), the general partner of the Partnership, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/ Alan S. Armstrong 
      Alan S. Armstrong 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      October 31, 2016 
        
      /s/ Donald R. Chappel 
      Donald R. Chappel 
      Chief Financial Officer 
      October 31, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to, and will be retained by, the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
  The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report and shall not be considered filed as part of the Report. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 wpz-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 wpz-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 wpz-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 wpz-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 wpz-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 wpz-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

