<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_719866_0001193125-16-764422_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3012042</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99301</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>200342</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>472594</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1297784</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>805570</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764422.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764422
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARCTIC CAT INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000719866
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT [3790]
		IRS NUMBER:				411443470
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18607
		FILM NUMBER:		161984684

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH 3RD STREET
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		612-350-1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH 3RD STREET
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARCTCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764422.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d442642d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  Commission File Number: 000-18607        
       ARCTIC CAT
INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Minnesota  
   
  41-1443470   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
     
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   
  (612) 350-1800        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 At November 2, 2016, the registrant had 13,047,660 shares of Common Stock outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   ARCTIC CAT INC.   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
    
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

3 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   

5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

7 

ITEM 2.  
    
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS   

16 

ITEM 3.  
    
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

21 

ITEM 4.  
    
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

21 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
    
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

22 

ITEM 1A.  
    
    RISK FACTORS   

22 

ITEM 6.  
    
    EXHIBITS   

22 

SIGNATURES    

23 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
  Arctic Cat Inc.       
 Consolidated Balance Sheets      ($ in thousands, except per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   Arctic Cat Inc.   
    Consolidated Statements of Operations   
  ($ in thousands, except per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Arctic Cat Inc.   
    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
  ($ in thousands)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Arctic Cat Inc.   
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  ($ in thousands)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Arctic Cat Inc.   
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)      1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Arctic Cat Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiaries and certain
variable interest entities ( VIEs ). Unless the context otherwise requires, the use of the terms  Arctic Cat,   we,   our,  or  us  in these unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
refers to Arctic Cat Inc. and, as applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated upon consolidation.  
 The unaudited consolidated financial statements of Arctic Cat Inc. have been prepared in accordance with Regulation S-X pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been
condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although we believe that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. Accordingly, such statements should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report
on  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.    In the opinion of management, the unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all
adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring adjustments) necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Results of operations for the interim periods are not
necessarily indicative of results for the full year due to the seasonality of snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles ( ATVs ) and recreational off-highway vehicles ( ROVs ) and related parts, garments and accessories
( PG A ). The consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2016 is derived from the audited balance sheet as of that date.    Preparation
of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related revenues and expenses. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates.
   For the six months ended September 30, 2016, we realized a loss before income taxes and have recognized a deferred tax asset, significantly as a result
of that loss. We performed an analysis to estimate the extent to which the deferred tax assets will be realized and determined that there was no material change to the valuation allowance during the six months ended September 30, 2016. However, due
to the sensitivity in the analysis, changes to the assumptions in subsequent periods could have a material effect on the valuation allowance.    Certain
fiscal 2016 amounts have been reclassified to conform to the fiscal 2017 financial statement presentation. The reclassifications had no effect on previously reported operating results.  
 In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we have evaluated the period from October 1, 2016, through the date the financial statements
were issued, for material subsequent events requiring recognition or disclosure. Other than as disclosed in Note 5,  Financing , no such events were identified for this period.  
  Recently Adopted Accounting Standards     In April 2016, we
retrospectively adopted Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2015-17,  Income Taxes , which is effective prospectively or retrospectively for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, with early
adoption permitted. The ASU modifies the existing guidance for classifying deferred tax assets and liabilities, which requires entities to separate deferred income tax assets and liabilities into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified
statement of financial position. The ASU requires entities to classify deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. However, the current requirement that deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this ASU. The early adoption of the ASU resulted in the reclassification of previously recorded current deferred tax assets of $17.2
million and noncurrent deferred tax liabilities of $13.2 million into noncurrent deferred income taxes of $4.0 million on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2016.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ,
which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements and classification within the statement of cash flows. The ASU is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Lease Accounting , which requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet certain operating and
financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets that have lease terms of greater than 12 months. This topic retains the distinction between finance leases and operating leases. The ASU is effective on a modified retrospective
approach for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods therein, with early adoption permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results, but we
currently expect the majority of our operating lease commitments will be subject to the new standard and recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon our adoption of ASU 2016-02.  
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory , which provides guidance for the measurement of inventory. The ASU requires entities to measure
most inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value and simplifies the current guidance, which requires entities to measure inventory at the lower of cost or market (with market defined as one of three different measures). The ASU is
effective prospectively for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on our consolidated results.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which provides guidance for revenue recognition that supersedes
existing revenue recognition guidance (but does not apply to nor supersede accounting guidance for lease contracts). The ASU s core principle is that an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount,
timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In July 2015, the FASB approved a proposal to defer the effective date of the ASU by one year to reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The ASU
should be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the ASU recognized at the date of initial application. We are currently in the process of evaluating the
impact of the adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results.     2. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   
 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A fair value hierarchy has been established which requires classification based on observable and unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:     Level 1    Quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities.     Level 2    Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  
  Level 3    Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets or liabilities.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

   Recurring Fair Value Measurements   
 The following tables present, by level within the fair value hierarchy, our financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a
recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, according to the valuation technique utilized to determine their fair values ($ in thousands):      

(1) 
 We utilize the income approach to measure fair value of foreign currency contracts, which is based on significant other observable inputs.    

(1) 
 We utilize the income approach to measure fair value of foreign currency contracts, which is based on significant other observable inputs.    
  Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements     Our assets and
liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis primarily relate to tangible fixed assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, which are generally recorded at fair value as a result of an impairment charge. We did not record
any significant charges to assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.     Other Fair
Value Disclosures     Our financial instruments that approximate fair value due to their short-term nature and are not measured at fair value on a
recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable. At September 30, 2016, the carrying value of our revolving credit agreement approximates fair value and would be considered a Level 2 measurement.  
  3. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES     We use
foreign currency derivative instruments to manage our exposure to currency fluctuations on transactions denominated in foreign currencies   primarily the Canadian dollar and Japanese yen. Our foreign currency management objective is to reduce
earnings volatility related to movements in foreign exchange rates and limit the risk of loss in value of certain of our foreign currency-denominated cash flows. We do not enter into forward contracts for trading or speculative purposes. We have no
derivatives that have credit risk-related contingent features and we mitigate our risk by engaging with major financial institutions as counterparties.  
 We record all foreign currency forward contracts at fair value in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The forward contracts are designated as, and meet the
criteria for, cash flow hedges. We evaluate hedge effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively, and we formally document all hedging relationships at inception, as well as the risk management objectives for undertaking the hedge transaction. Our
Canadian dollar and Japanese yen forward contracts generally have terms of up to 12 months. Gains and losses on forward contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, and subsequently reclassified into cost of goods sold
or operating expenses during the same period in which the hedged transaction affects the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge ineffectiveness, if any, are recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables summarize the notional amounts and carrying values of our derivative instruments as of
September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 ($ in thousands):      

(1) 
 Assets are included in other current assets and liabilities are included in other accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.    

(1) 
 Assets are included in other current assets and liabilities are included in other accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.    
 The following table presents the effects of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income ( OCI ) and on our Consolidated Statements of
Operations for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ($ in thousands):      

(1) 
 Canadian dollar contracts are included in general and administrative expenses and Japanese yen contracts are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.    
 The ineffective portion of foreign currency contracts was not material for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
  4. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS     There were no changes
in the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets during the six months ended September 30, 2016. The following table provides the gross carrying amount of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of September 30,
2016 and March 31, 2016 ($ in thousands):      

(1) 
 The entirety of our goodwill balance as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 resides in our PG A operating segment. Refer to Note 10,  Segment Reporting , for additional information on our operating
segments.    
      10  

Table of Contents  

  There was no cumulative impairment related to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles assets at September 30,
2016 or March 31, 2016.    For definite-lived intangible assets, the changes in the net carrying amount for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
are as follows ($ in thousands):      

(1) 
 Adjustment to correct gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization for certain intangible assets related to our previous acquisition of our European business.    
 Amortization expense is expected to be approximately $0.2 million for the remainder of fiscal 2017, $0.4 million for each of fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and
$0.2 million for fiscal 2021 and thereafter. The preceding expected amortization expense is an estimate and actual amounts could differ due to additional intangible asset acquisitions, changes in foreign currency rates or impairment of intangible
assets.     5. FINANCING     We have a line of credit
pursuant to a senior secured revolving credit agreement, which is scheduled to expire in March 2021. Under the agreement, we may borrow up to $130.0 million during May through November and up to $75.0 million during all other months of the fiscal
year. The amount of permissible borrowings under the credit facility is dependent upon adequate levels of underlying collateral. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at either the base rate plus the applicable margin or the LIBOR rate
plus the applicable margin, depending on the type of loan. The applicable margin is calculated based on Arctic Cat s leverage ratio and amount available for borrowing under the credit facility and ranges from 0.0% to 0.5% for base rate loans
and from 1.0% to 1.5% for LIBOR loans. Arctic Cat s leverage ratio is its ratio of debt to EBITDA, calculated quarterly.    All borrowings are
collateralized by substantially all of our assets including all real estate, accounts receivable and inventory. As of September 30, 2016, we have $73.9 million of outstanding borrowings under the line of credit. No borrowings from the line of credit
were outstanding at March 31, 2016. The outstanding letters of credit balances were $0.2 million and $3.5 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and borrowings under the line are subject to certain covenants and restrictions on
indebtedness, financial guarantees, business combinations and other related items. We were in compliance with the terms of the credit agreement as of September 30, 2016. Outstanding letters of credit will be repaid over the following six months
in accordance with the credit agreement and any such renewal.    In November 2016, subsequent to the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we signed a
commitment letter to amend our senior secured revolving credit agreement. The amendment would extend the term of the agreement to November 2021 and permit borrowings up to $130.0 million year round. We currently expect the amendment to be finalized
prior to December 1, 2016.     6. SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  Stock Compensation Plans     We have outstanding equity
awards under a 2013 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ) and a 2007 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (the  2007 Plan,  and along with the 2013 Plan, the  Plans ), previously approved by our shareholders.
We record stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units over the requisite service period based on the fair value of the awards on the grant date. We record stock-based compensation expense
related to cash-settled stock appreciation rights ( SARs ) over the requisite service period based on the fair value of the awards at the end of each reporting period.  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.9 million and $0.9 million, respectively, and for
the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $2.2 million and $2.0 million, respectively, which has been included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Operations. At September 30, 2016, we had $9.5 million of unrecognized compensation costs related to  
      11  

Table of Contents  

non-vested stock options, restricted stock awards and cash-settled SARs that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately two years.  
  Stock Options     The following table summarizes the stock
option transactions under the Plans for the six months ended September 30, 2016:      

(1) 
 The aggregate intrinsic value is based on the difference between the exercise price and our September 30, 2016 common share market value for in-the-money options.    
  Restricted Stock     The following tables summarize
restricted stock and restricted stock unit award activity under the Plans for the six months ended September 30, 2016:      
    Cash-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights   
 Cash-settled SARs are valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model on the date of grant and are subsequently remeasured at each reporting period based
on a revised Black-Scholes value until they are exercised. There were no cash-settled SARs granted or forfeited during the six months ended September 30, 2016. We recognized $0.1 million and $0.2 million of stock-based compensation expense related
to previously granted cash-settled SARs during the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Accrued expense for these awards was $0.2 million at September 30, 2016, which was recorded within other liabilities in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets.     Net Earnings (Loss) Per Share   
 Our basic net earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares. Our diluted
weighted average shares outstanding includes common shares and common share equivalents relating to  
      12  

Table of Contents  

stock options and restricted stock units, when dilutive. Options to purchase 883,987 and 475,925 shares of common stock with weighted average exercise prices of $26.71 and $36.53 were outstanding
during the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and options to purchase 865,927 and 335,807 shares of common stock with weighted average exercise prices of $27.04 and $38.16 were outstanding during the six months
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, but were excluded from the computation of common share equivalents because they were anti-dilutive.  
 Weighted average shares outstanding consists of the following for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):  
   
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   
 The components of the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss during the following periods were as follows ($ in thousands):  
   
   The unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were net of tax
expense of $1.0 million and tax benefit of $0.1 million, respectively. There is no tax impact on foreign currency translation adjustments, as the earnings are considered permanently reinvested.  
  7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      Product Liability
and Litigation     We are subject to product liability and intellectual property legal proceedings and claims, as well as other litigation, arising in the
normal course of business. Such matters are generally subject to uncertainties and to outcomes that are not predictable and that may not be known for extended periods of time. Litigation occasionally involves claims for punitive, as well as
compensatory, damages arising out of the use of our products. We are self-insured to some extent, though we maintain insurance against certain classes and levels of product liability losses. We are regularly involved in patent litigation cases with,
for example, competitors and non-practicing entities in which we are asserting, or defending against, patent infringement claims. Such cases are at varying stages in the litigation process. We take appropriate steps to help minimize our risk of
being a defendant in patent infringement litigation.    We record a reserve within accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on our
estimated range of potential exposures related to claims, including future legal expenditures, settlements and judgments of which we are aware, where we have assessed that a loss is probable and an amount can be reasonably estimated. We utilize
historical trends and other analysis to assist in determining the appropriate loss reserve estimate. Should any settlement occur that exceeds our estimate or a new claim arise, we may need to adjust our overall reserve and, depending on the amount,
such adjustment could be material. We are not involved in any legal proceedings that we believe will have a materially adverse impact on our business or financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
 In October 2014, we filed a lawsuit captioned  Arctic Cat Inc. v. Bombardier Recreational Products, Inc., and BRP U.S. Inc.  in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Florida. We alleged the defendant infringed certain of our personal watercraft ( PWC ) patents. On June 1, 2016, a jury found the defendants willfully infringed all asserted claims in two of our
patents for off-throttle assisted steering technology, which is an important safety mechanism designed to prevent on-water collisions and accidents in PWCs. The jury initially awarded us $15.5 million in damages. On June 14, 2016, a federal court
judge trebled the damages and awarded us $46.7 million. Following post-trial motions, we were awarded an additional $1.5 million in post-trial damages in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. Although we were awarded damages, at this stage of the
proceedings we can provide no assurance as to  
      13  

Table of Contents  

the timing or outcome of any appeal, nor the amount, if any, that might ultimately be recovered. Accordingly, no benefit has been recorded within our Consolidated Financial Statements as a result
of the damages verdict.     Dealer Financing     Finance
companies provide our North American dealers with floorplan financing. We have agreements with these finance companies to repurchase certain repossessed products sold to our dealers should such repossessions occur. At September 30, 2016, we are
contingently liable under dealer financing agreements for a maximum repurchase amount of up to approximately $78.3 million. Our ultimate financial exposure under these agreements is limited to the difference between the amount paid to the finance
companies for repurchases and the amount received upon the subsequently anticipated resale of the repossessed product. Losses incurred under these agreements during the periods presented have not been material. The financing agreements also have
loss sharing provisions should any dealer default, whereby we share certain losses with the finance companies. The maximum liability to us under these provisions is approximately $4.2 million at September 30, 2016.  
  8. INVENTORIES     Inventories are valued at the lower of
cost or market, with cost determined using the first-in, first-out method. Manufacturing costs include materials, labor, freight-in and manufacturing overhead. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, inventories consist of the following ($ in
thousands):      
    9. PRODUCT WARRANTIES     We
generally provide a limited warranty for 12 months from the date of consumer registration on snowmobiles and for six months from the date of consumer registration on ATVs and ROVs. We may provide longer warranties in certain geographical markets as
determined by local regulations and market conditions, as well as related to certain promotional programs. We provide for estimated warranty costs at the time of sale based on historical rates and trends. Subsequent adjustments are made to the
warranty reserve as actual claims become known or the amounts are determinable, including costs associated with safety recalls, which may occur after the standard warranty period.  
 The following table represents changes in our accrued warranty liability for the six month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ($ in thousands):
     
   In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we switched from offering a third-party extended warranty program as a promotional
incentive to consumers to offering an in-house extended factory warranty promotional program. As a result, our accrued warranty balance and related provision and claim payments include the impact of these extended warranty programs in the
consolidated financial statements. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, we had accrued $3.3 million and $1.7 million, respectively, within accrued warranty for our in-house extended warranty program. For the six months ended September 30,
2016, our warranty provision included $1.6 million for our in-house extended warranty program, compared to $1.7 million of third-party extended warranty recorded as incentive expense in the six months ended September 30, 2015. The warranty claim
payments for in-house extended warranty programs were immaterial for the six months ended September 30, 2016.     10. SEGMENT REPORTING   
 The presentation of segment information represents our method of internal reporting for making operating decisions and assessing performance, which generally
segregates the operating segments by product line. The internal reporting of these operating segments is based, in part, on the management process utilized by our President and Chief Executive Officer, who is our chief operating decision maker.
Based on this management process, we have two operating segments: (1) Snowmobile and ATV/ROV and (2) PG A, which also represent our two reportable segments.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  We aggregate our snowmobile and ATV/ROV operating segments into one operating segment, as the segments have
similar economic characteristics. Given the crossover of customers, manufacturing and asset management, we do not maintain separate balance sheets for each segment. Accordingly, the segment information presented below is limited to sales and gross
profit data ($ in thousands):      
    11. NEW MARKET TAX CREDIT TRANSACTION   
 As more fully described within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, during February 2016, we received approximately $5.3
million in net proceeds from a financing arrangement related to an investment in equipment at our manufacturing facility in Thief River Falls, Minnesota. This financing arrangement was structured with Wells Fargo Community Development Enterprises,
Inc. ( Wells Fargo ), WF Paint   Assembly Investment Fund, LLC (the  Investment Fund ), and Arctic Cat Production Support LLC, our direct, wholly-owned subsidiary, in connection with our participation in transactions
qualified under the federal New Market Tax Credit ( NMTC ) program, pursuant to the Community Renewal Tax Relief Act of 2000. In exchange for its contribution to the Investment Fund, Wells Fargo is entitled to substantially all of the tax
benefits derived from the NMTC arrangement, while we effectively received net proceeds equal to Wells Fargo s contributions to the Investment Fund less direct and incremental transaction costs.  
 The NMTC arrangement is subject to 100% recapture for a period of seven years as provided in the Internal Revenue Code. We are required to be in compliance
with various regulations and contractual provisions that apply to the NMTC arrangement. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, Wells Fargo s net $5.3 million contribution is recorded within other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The benefit of this net contribution will be recognized as earnings at the end of the seven year recapture period, when our performance obligation of regulatory and contractual compliance is relieved. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31,
2016, the direct costs incurred in structuring the arrangement of $0.9 million have been deferred within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be recognized in proportion to the recognition of the related profits. Incremental
costs to maintain the structure during the compliance period are recognized as incurred and were immaterial for the six months ended September 30, 2016.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations     Arctic Cat Inc. ( Arctic Cat,  or  we,   our  or  us ) is a Minnesota corporation
incorporated in 1982 with principal executive offices in Minneapolis, Minnesota. We design, engineer, manufacture and market snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles ( ATVs ) and recreational off-highway vehicles ( side-by-sides  or
 ROVs ), as well as related parts, garments and accessories ( PG A ) under the Arctic Cat    and Motorfist    brand
names. We market our products through a network of independent dealers located throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe and through distributors representing dealers in Europe, Russia, South America, the Middle East, China, Asia and other
international markets. The Arctic Cat brand is among the most widely recognized and respected names in the recreational vehicle industry.    This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) should be read in conjunction with the MD A included in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2016. This discussion contains various  Forward-Looking Statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we refer readers to Part I, Item 2,  Forward-Looking Statements,  of this
report for additional information.     Results of Operations   
   Executive Overview      We reported a net loss of $12.8
million, or $0.98 per share, on net sales of $164.6 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. We estimate the unfavorable impact of foreign currency year-over-year was $0.17 per share. The second quarter of fiscal 2017 included a $1.4 million
after-tax product liability settlement, which reduced earnings per share by $0.10. In the prior-year period, we reported net earnings of $11.2 million, or $0.85 per diluted share, on net sales of $211.2 million. For the six months ended September
30, 2016, we reported a net loss of $23.3 million, or $1.79 per share, on net sales of $269.5 million, compared to net earnings of $10.1 million, or $0.77 per diluted share, on net sales of $345.5 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015.
   We expected that our second quarter would be challenging as we continued to implement our turnaround strategies. However, we encountered a softer than
anticipated powersports market in the quarter, with both Arctic Cat s and the overall industry s sales down. We are disappointed in our second quarter results, which were impacted by lower sales volumes, unfavorable product mix and a
heightened promotional environment.    We made further progress on implementing our strategic growth initiatives in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. We
recently signed two strategic partnerships   one during the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and the other after quarter end   that we anticipate will contribute meaningfully to our future revenues in fiscal 2018 and beyond. We continue to
expect reporting stronger financial results in the second half of fiscal 2017 driven by planned product launches and an improved product mix. In addition, we remain focused on our growth strategies, including pursuing strategic partnerships; ramping
up end-user focused new products; creating a brand marketing powerhouse and improving Arctic Cat s dealer network.    We continue to face ongoing
challenges in fiscal 2017, with a soft and increasingly competitive powersports marketplace and continued headwinds from foreign currency. We are positioning Arctic Cat to capitalize on tremendous growth opportunities through new product innovation
and strategic partnerships. We are highly encouraged by our progress in these areas and we expect future contributions from each. As we invest to support our strategic initiatives, we are cutting costs and manufacturing output to improve free cash
flow and earnings. We believe that our balanced approach, along with our expected amendment of our credit facility, will enable us to realize Arctic Cat s long-term growth potential.  
 For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017, we are lowering our estimated full-year net sales and earnings range, reflecting a weakened powersports market,
unfavorable macroeconomic trends, unfavorable product mix and a highly competitive promotional environment. We now anticipate fiscal 2017 net sales of $600 million to $640 million, and fiscal 2017 net earnings to range from a loss of $1.00 per share
to $1.40 per share, which reflects a return to profitability in the second half of the fiscal year. Previously, we estimated our fiscal 2017 full-year net earnings to range from a loss of $0.70 per share to a loss of $1.00 per share. Continued
foreign currency exchange headwinds in fiscal 2017, driven by the year-over-year impact of foreign currency exchange hedge losses, are estimated to reduce net earnings in the range of $0.44 to $0.47 per share compared to fiscal 2016. For the prior
fiscal 2016 full year, our loss per share totaled $0.71 on net sales of $632.9 million.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

    Product Line Sales        
   In the first half of fiscal 2017, we faced a weak powersports market impacted by macroeconomic trends in the oil and gas and
agricultural sectors, as well as a highly-competitive retail environment, which have contributed to a decrease in net sales. During the second quarter of fiscal 2017, net sales decreased 22.0% to $164.6 million from $211.2 million in the second
quarter of fiscal 2016. Snowmobile net sales decreased 12.9% due to lower North American sales volume and an increase in incentives, partially offset by increased sales to our OEM partner due to timing of production and shipments. ATV/ROV net sales
decreased 37.8% as we continued to curtail wholesale shipments and increase incentives to support our efforts to reduce inventory at our North America dealers. PG A net sales decreased 18.3%, which was primarily attributable to a sluggish
powersports market and lower pre-season sales of snow-related items resulting from elevated dealer inventory due to poor snowfall in key geographies in consecutive years.  
 Net sales for the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased 22.0% to $269.5 million from $345.5 million. The decrease in net sales was largely the result
of our efforts to reduce dealer inventory, which resulted in lower wholesale sales volumes and increased sales incentives. Snowmobile net sales decreased 19.0% primarily due to lower North American sales volume and an increase in incentives,
partially offset by an increase in sales to our OEM partner. ATV/ROV net sales decreased 29.0% driven by lower sales volume and an increase in incentives, as we continue to focus on reducing dealer inventory. We also experienced an unfavorable mix
into lower-priced ATV/ROV models, which we do not expect to continue in the second half of fiscal 2017. PG A net sales decreased 15.4%, primarily due to a continuing impact from poor snowfall in key geographies in consecutive years and lower
in-season ATV/ROV sales due to changes in the timing of the ordering process.      Cost of Goods Sold    
   
   During the second quarter of fiscal 2017, cost of goods sold decreased 9.7% to $151.1 million from $167.2 million for the
second quarter of fiscal 2016. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, cost of goods sold decreased 12.5% to $244.2 million from $279.1 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015. The overall decrease in net sales was the primary
driver of the decrease in costs of goods sold, which was partially offset by an increase in cost of goods sold due to an unfavorable foreign currency exchange impact on engine purchases.  
   Gross Profit        
   Gross profit decreased 69.2% to $13.5 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 from $43.9 million in the second quarter of
fiscal 2016. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 decreased to 8.2% versus 20.8% in fiscal 2016. Gross profit was negatively impacted by lower sales volume, an unfavorable snowmobile mix due to an increase
in lower-margin sales to our OEM partner, increased sales incentives as a result of a highly-promotional retail environment and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange impact on engine purchases.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  Gross profit decreased 61.9% to $25.3 million from $66.5 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased to 9.4% versus 19.2% in fiscal 2016. Gross profit was negatively impacted by lower sales volume, increased sales incentives as a
result of a promotional retail environment and an increased mix of Yamaha snowmobile sales and lower margin ATV/ROV sales due to an unfavorable mix into lower-priced ATV/ROV models.  
   Operating Expenses        
   Operating expenses increased 29.2% to $32.6 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 from $25.3 million in the prior-year
quarter. Operating expenses increased 25.0% to $61.7 million from $49.4 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in both periods was due to an increase in general and administrative and research and
development expenses. The increase in general and administrative expenses was due to a year-over-year unfavorable impact from our foreign currency hedging activities of $3.9 million and $6.6 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and six
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. In addition, legal expenses increased primarily due to a $2.2 million product liability settlement in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. The increase in research and development expenses was driven by
continued investments in developing new end-user focused products as part of our new product roadmap.      Other Income (Expense)    
 Interest expense increased to $0.5 million during the second quarter of fiscal 2017 from $0.4 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. For the six months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, interest expense increased to $0.7 million from $0.5 million, respectively. The quarter and year-to-date increase is primarily due to increased borrowings under our line of credit compared to the prior-year
comparative periods. We recognized an immaterial amount of interest income during the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016 and for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
   Income Tax Expense (Benefit)      In the second
quarter of fiscal 2017, we recognized an income tax benefit of $6.8 million compared to the income tax expense of $7.1 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, primarily due to the $19.5 million pre-tax loss incurred in the second quarter of
fiscal 2017 compared to $18.3 million of pre-tax earnings for the prior-year comparative period. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized an income tax benefit of $13.7 million compared to the income tax expense of $6.5 million
for the six months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to the $37.1 million pre-tax loss incurred for the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $16.6 million of pre-tax earnings for the prior year comparative period. Our effective tax
rate was 34.6% and 38.9% in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively, and 37.0% and 39.1% for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The higher effective tax rate in the prior-year periods was mainly due to
the rate impact of non-deductible expenses and other discrete items, which had a larger impact due to a lower pre-tax earnings (loss) forecast.      Net
Earnings (Loss)      Net loss was $12.8 million, or $0.98 per share, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared with net earnings of $11.2 million,
or $0.85 per diluted share, in the prior year comparative period. For the six months ended September 30, 2016, net loss was $23.3 million, or $1.79 per share, compared with net earnings of $10.1 million, or $0.77 per diluted share, in the prior year
comparative period. The quarter and year-to-date net loss, as compared to net earnings for the prior year comparative periods, is primarily attributable to a decrease in net sales, a lower gross profit rate and an increase in operating expenses in
fiscal 2017 as described above.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 We closely manage our liquidity and capital resources. Our liquidity requirements depend on a number of variables, including the level of investment to support
our business strategies, the performance of our business, capital expenditures and working capital  
      18  

Table of Contents  

requirements. Capital expenditures are a significant use of our capital resources. These investments are intended to enable sales growth in new and expanding markets, help us to meet product
demand and increase our manufacturing efficiencies and capacity.    The seasonality of our production cycles generates significant fluctuations in our
working capital requirements during the year. Historically, we have financed our working capital requirements out of available cash balances at the beginning and end of the production cycle and with borrowings under our line of credit during the
middle of the cycle. We believe current available cash and cash generated from operations, together with working capital financing through our available line of credit, will provide sufficient funds to finance operations on a short and long-term
basis and for at least the next 12 months. However, there can be no assurance that adequate working capital financing arrangements will remain available or that the costs and other terms of such new financing arrangements will not be significantly
less favorable to us than has historically been available.      Cash Flow    
 The following table summarizes the cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ($ in
thousands):      
     Operating Activities    
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016, cash used in operating activities increased to $71.6 million from $27.6 million for the six months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily due to an increase in cash used for inventory, an increase in our net loss and an increase in cash used for accounts receivable due to the timing of snowmobile
shipments to our OEM partner. These increases were partially offset by an increase in cash from accounts payable due to changes in the timing of receipts and payments for engines year-over-year and more efficient management of our vendor payments.
     Investing Activities      Cash used in investing
activities for the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased to $10.8 million from $19.3 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015 due to a reduction in cash used for purchases of property and equipment primarily resulting from the
completion of our new paint line during the first quarter of fiscal 2017.      Financing Activities    
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016, cash provided by financing activities increased to $73.8 million from $16.2 million for the six months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in cash provided by financing activities is primarily due to increased net borrowings under our revolving credit agreement due to lower sales and a decrease in cash used for dividend payments due to the suspension of
our quarterly cash dividend in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.      Financing Arrangements    
 We have a line of credit pursuant to a senior secured revolving credit agreement, which is scheduled to expire in March 2021. Under the agreement, we may
borrow up to $130.0 million during May through November and up to $75.0 million during all other months of the fiscal year. The amount of permissible borrowings under the credit facility are dependent upon adequate levels of underlying collateral.
As of September 30, 2016, we have $73.9 million of outstanding borrowings under the line of credit. Borrowings under the line are subject to certain covenants and restrictions on indebtedness, financial guarantees, business combinations and other
related items. We were in compliance with the terms of the credit agreement as of September 30, 2016.    In November 2016, subsequent to the end of the
second quarter of fiscal 2017, we signed a commitment letter to amend our senior secured revolving credit agreement. The amendment would extend the term of the agreement to November 2021 and permit borrowings up to $130.0 million year round. We
currently expect the amendment to be finalized prior to December 1, 2016. See Note 5,  Financing , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements herein for additional information about our senior secured revolving credit agreement.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  We have agreements with Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance in the United States and Canada to provide
snowmobile, ATV and ROV floorplan financing for our North American dealers. These agreements improve our liquidity by financing dealer purchases of products without requiring substantial use of our working capital. We are paid by the floorplan
companies shortly after shipment and as part of our marketing programs, we subsidize the floorplan financing of our dealers for certain set time periods depending on the magnitude of qualifying purchases.  
 The financing agreements require repurchase of repossessed new and unused units should such repossessions occur and set limits upon our potential liability
for annual repurchases. The aggregate potential liability was up to approximately $78.3 million at September 30, 2016. We have incurred no material losses under these agreements. We believe current available cash, cash generated from operations and
working capital funding through our line of credit arrangement provide sufficient funding in the event there is a requirement to perform under these guarantee and repurchase agreements. The financing agreements also have loss sharing provisions
should any dealer default whereby we share certain losses with the floorplan finance companies. The maximum potential liability to Arctic Cat under these provisions was approximately $4.2 million at September 30, 2016.  
  Certain Information Concerning Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as
structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We are, therefore, not exposed to any financing,
liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships.     Contractual Obligations   
 We have $73.9 million of outstanding borrowings under our credit facility as of September 30, 2016. There were no other material changes outside the ordinary
course of business with respect to our contractual obligations during the first six months of fiscal 2017. See Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , within our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 for a discussion of our contractual obligations.     Critical Accounting Policies
    See Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , within our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 for a discussion of our critical accounting policies.     Forward-Looking Statements   
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for certain forward-looking statements. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and
future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, our press releases and oral statements made with the approval of an authorized executive officer, contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future
events and financial performance. These  forward-looking  statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those
anticipated. The words  aim,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   plan  and other expressions that indicate future events and trends identify  forward-looking  statements, including statements related to our fiscal 2017 outlook, business strategy, market position and product development. In particular, these include, among others, statements relating to our
anticipated capital expenditures and capital improvement programs, research and development expenditures, strategic partnerships, product introductions and demand, the effect of weather conditions and dealer ordering processes on our net sales,
legal proceedings, access to debt and/or equity markets, our expectations regarding financing arrangements, our wholesale and retail sales and market share expectations, performance opportunities, inventory levels, industry wholesale and retail
sales and demand expectations, depreciation and amortization expense, dividends, the effect of foreign currency exchange rates, sufficiency of funds to finance our operations and capital expenditures, raw material and component supply expectations,
adequacy of insurance, and the effect of regulations on us and our industry and our compliance with such regulations.    Actual future results and trends
may differ materially from historical results or those anticipated depending on a variety of factors including those factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, under heading  Item 1A. Risk
Factors.  We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
 There have been no material changes to the market risk information included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016. Refer to Part
II, Item 7A, titled  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  within the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 for a complete discussion of the Company s market risk.  
    Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     As
required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible internal controls.  
 Based upon the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is (1) recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in a manner that allows timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. No changes have occurred during the period covered by this report or since the evaluation date that would have a material effect on the disclosure controls and procedures.  
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

     Part II   OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 7,  Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements herein for
further discussion.       Item 1A. Risk Factors   
 There have been no changes to the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors , within our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended March 31, 2016, other than the following:     We may experience negative or unforeseen tax consequences.   
 We review the probability of the realization of our net deferred tax assets each reporting period based on forecasts of taxable income in both the U.S. and
foreign jurisdictions. This review uses historical results, projected future operating results based upon approved business plans, eligible carryforward periods, tax planning opportunities and other relevant considerations. Adverse changes in the
profitability and financial outlook in U.S. or foreign jurisdictions may require the establishment of a valuation allowance to reduce our net deferred tax assets. Such changes could result in a material non-cash expense in the period in which the
changes are made and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.       Item 6.
Exhibits       

Exhibit 
 Number  
    
   Description  

3.1 
    
   Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Arctic Cat Inc.  

(1) 

3.2 
    
   Amended and Restated By-Laws of Arctic Cat Inc.  

(2) 

4.1 
    
   Form of specimen common stock certificate  

(3) 

10.1 
    
   Fifth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 12, 2016,
among Arctic Cat, the subsidiaries of Arctic Cat Inc., certain financial institutions as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as lender and administrative agent for the lenders.  

(4) 

10.2 
    
   Arctic Cat Inc. 2013 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended.  

(5) 

31.1 
    
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002  

(4) 

31.2 
    
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002  

(4) 

32.1 
    
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002  

(4) 

32.2 
    
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002  

(4) 

101 
    
   Financial statements from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Arctic Cat Inc. for the quarter and
six months ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

(4) 

(4) 
 Filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.    

(5) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed by the registrant on June 20, 2016.    
      22  

Table of Contents  

    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

ARCTIC CAT INC.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

By  
   
   /s/ Christopher T. Metz   

Christopher T. Metz   

President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (principal executive officer)    

Date: November 9, 2016  

By  
   
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   

Christopher J. Eperjesy   

Chief Financial Officer 
  (principal financial and accounting officer)    
     
      23  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d442642dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
  FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED   
  LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT   
 This FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is dated as of April 12,
2016, and is entered into by and among ARCTIC CAT INC., a Minnesota corporation (  Arctic Cat  ), the Subsidiaries of Arctic Cat identified on the signature pages hereto (the   Borrowers   and, each, a
  Borrower  ), the financial institutions party to this Amendment as lenders (collectively,   Lenders  ), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a national banking association, as agent for the Lenders (  Agent  ).
   WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Agent, and the Lenders have entered into that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated
as of November 8, 2013 (as amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the   Loan     Agreement    
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the Agent and the Lenders agree to make certain amendments to the Loan Agreement; and  
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual conditions and agreements set forth in the Loan Agreement and this Amendment, and other
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:     ARTICLE I
     DEFINITIONS   
 Initially capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the respective meanings set forth in the Loan Agreement, as
amended hereby.     ARTICLE II   
  AMENDMENTS TO LOAN AGREEMENT   
 2.01      Certain After-Acquired Collateral   .    Section 7.4.2 of the Loan Agreement is hereby
amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:     7.4.2     Certain After-Acquired
Collateral . Borrowers shall promptly notify Agent in writing if, after the Closing Date, any Borrower obtains any interest in any Collateral consisting of Deposit Accounts, Chattel Paper, Documents, Instruments, Intellectual Property,
Investment Property or Letter-of-Credit Rights and, upon Agent s request, shall promptly take such actions as Agent deems appropriate to effect Agent s duly perfected, first priority Lien upon such Collateral, including obtaining any
appropriate possession, control agreement or Lien Waiver; provided, however, that (a) Agent s Lien on the NMTC Disbursement Account may be second in priority to the Lien securing the NMTC Loans in favor of the NMTC Lenders, so long as the NMTC
Intercreditor Agreement is in full force and effect and any of the NMTC Loans are outstanding and (b) Agent shall not require a Deposit Account Control Agreement with respect to the Deposit Accounts described in  clauses (c)  and  (d)  of
 Section 10.1.10  of this Agreement, so long as the requirements set forth in such  clauses (c)  and  (d)  are met with respect to such Deposit Accounts. If any Collateral is in the possession of a third party, at Agent s
request, Borrowers shall obtain an acknowledgment that such third party holds the Collateral for the benefit of Agent.   
      1  

2.02      Deposit Accounts   .  Section 8.5 of the Loan
Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:      8.5       Deposit
Accounts   .     Schedule 8.5  sets forth all Deposit Accounts maintained by Borrowers, including all Dominion Accounts. At the request of Agent, each Borrower shall take all actions necessary to establish Agent s
control of each such Deposit Account (other than (a) an account exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes or employee benefits, (b) an account containing not more than $10,000 at any time, and (c) the Deposit Accounts described in  clauses
(c)  and  (d)  of  Section 10.1.10  of this Agreement, so long as the requirements set forth in such  clauses (c)  and  (d)  are met with respect to such Deposit Accounts). A Borrower shall be the sole account holder of
each Deposit Account and shall not allow any other Person (other than Agent and, with respect to the NMTC Disbursement Account so long as the NMTC Intercreditor Agreement is in full force and effect and any of the NMTC Loans are outstanding, Wells
Fargo Sub-CDE and MMCDC Sub-CDE) to have control over a Deposit Account or any Property deposited therein. Each Borrower shall promptly notify Agent of any opening or closing of a Deposit Account and, with the consent of Agent, will amend
 Schedule 8.5  to reflect same.     2.03      Bank Accounts   .    Section 10.1.10 of
the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:     10.1.10  Bank
Accounts . Maintain all operating, administrative, cash management, funds transfer, collection or lockbox activity and other deposit accounts and all other bank products (including funds transfer, information reporting services and
other treasury management services) for the conduct of the Borrowers  business with Bank of America; provided, however, that (a) Borrowers may use Bank Products provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.. to Borrowers; (b) the following bank
accounts may be maintained with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, so long as such accounts are used solely for the purposes indicated in this clause (b): general account (operating) #xxxxx, self-insured workers  compensation account
#xxxxx, general account #xxxxx, lockbox account #xxxxx, accounts payable account #xxxxx, general account (for corporate credit cards) #xxxxx, general account #xxxxx (for corporate credit cards), general account #xxxxx (for corporate credit cards)
and, so long as the NMTC Intercreditor Agreement is in full force and effect and any of the NMTC Loans remain outstanding, the NMTC Disbursement Account; (c) Arctic Cat Sales  operating account number xxxxx may be maintained with Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, so long as (i) such account is used solely to receive interest payments paid to Arctic Cat Sales pursuant to the NMTC Financing Documents and to pay banking fees and expenses associated with such account, (ii) within ten
Business Days of the date that any amount is deposited into such account, the Borrowers shall cause the balance of such account that is in excess of $10,000 to be transferred to a deposit account of a Borrower maintained with Bank of America, and
(iii) no Event of Default exists as a result of a breach of or failure to perform any covenant contained in  Section 10.2.20  of this Agreement; and (d) ACPS s operating account number xxxxx may be maintained with Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, so long as (i) such account is used solely to make regularly scheduled debt service payments payable by ACPS pursuant to the NMTC Financing Documents and to pay banking fees and expenses associated with such account, and (ii)
no Event of Default exists as a result of a breach of or failure to perform any covenant contained in  Section 10.2.20  of this Agreement.   
      2  

2.04      Post-Closing Obligations   .    Effective
as of March 30, 2016, clause (vi) of Section 10.1.12 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:  
  (vi) on or before April 30, 2016, a Deposit Account Control Agreement by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, the Agent,
Wells Fargo Sub-CDE, MMCDC Sub-CDE, and ACPS concerning the NMTC Disbursement Account; and     2.05      NMTC
Deposit Accounts   .    Section 10.2.20 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:  
  10.2.20  NMTC Deposit Accounts . 
 (a)    Permit any funds to be deposited into or otherwise held in the NMTC Disbursement Account at any
time, other than the proceeds of the NMTC Loans, or permit any funds to be removed from the NMTC Disbursement Account, other than funds used by ACPS to purchase NMTC Equipment and funds foreclosed upon by the NMTC Lenders and/or the Agent in
accordance with the NMTC Financing Documents and the Loan Documents.   (b)    Permit the balance of
Arctic Cat Sales  operating account number xxxxx maintained with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, to exceed $10,000 for a period of time exceeding ten consecutive Business Days. 
 (c)    Permit the balance of ACPS s operating account number xxxxx maintained with Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, to exceed the amount of the next scheduled debt service payment with respect to the NMTC Loans plus $10,000 for a period of time exceeding ten consecutive Business Days.       
 2.06      Additional Assignment Provisions   .    A new Section 13.3.5 is hereby added to the
Loan Agreement to read in its entirety as follows:     13.3.5  Additional Assignment Provisions . The parties hereby
agree that Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated (  MLPF S  ) may, without notice to any Obligor, assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any other registered broker-dealer wholly-owned by Bank
of America Corporation to which all or substantially all of Bank of America Corporation s or any of its subsidiaries  investment banking, commercial lending services or related businesses may be transferred following the date of this
Agreement.    2.07      Deposit Accounts   .  Schedule 8.5 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended
and restated to read in its entirety as set forth on   Exhibit A   attached hereto.     
      3  

ARTICLE III   
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES     Each
Obligor hereby represents and warrants to each Lender and the Agent, as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date (as such term is defined in Section 4.01 below), as follows:  
 3.01      Representations and Warranties   .    After giving effect to this Amendment, the
representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement as modified by this Amendment, including without limitation Section 9 thereof, and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any
materiality qualifier contained therein) on and as of the date hereof and on and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof or the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, as the case may be, except
to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such specific date in such respect).  
 3.02      No Defaults   .    After giving effect to this Amendment, each of the Obligors is in
compliance with all terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, as modified by this Amendment, and the other Loan Documents on its part to be observed and performed and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  
 3.03      Authority and Pending Actions   .    The execution, delivery, and performance by each
Obligor of this Amendment has been duly authorized by each such Obligor (as applicable) and there is no action pending or any judgment, order, or decree in effect which is likely to restrain, prevent, or impose materially adverse conditions upon the
performance by any Obligor of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, as modified by this Amendment, or the other Loan Documents.  
 3.04      Enforceability   .  This Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as modified by this Amendment, each
constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of each Obligor, enforceable against each such Obligor in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium,
reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights or by the effect of general equitable principles.  
 3.05      Breach; Conflicts   .    The execution, delivery, and performance by each Obligor of
this Amendment do not and will not conflict with, or constitute a violation or breach of, or result in the imposition of any Lien upon the property of such Obligor, by reason of the terms of (i) any contract, mortgage, lease, agreement, indenture,
or instrument to which such Obligor is a party or which is binding upon it, (ii) any Applicable Law with respect to such Obligor, or (iii) any Organic Document of such Obligor.  
  ARTICLE IV      CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT AND FURTHER ACTIONS     4.01      Conditions Precedent   .      The
amendments contained in  Article II  shall not be effective or binding upon the Agent or the Lenders until each of the following conditions precedent has been satisfied in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (the first date upon which
each such condition has been satisfied being herein called the   Fifth Amendment Effective Date  ): 
 (a)    in each case after giving effect to this Amendment, (i) the representations and warranties contained herein and in
the Loan Agreement, as modified by this Amendment, shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof (without duplication of any materiality qualifier contained therein), as if made on such date, except for such
representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such specific date in such respect) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall exist on
the date hereof;   (b)    Agent shall have received duly executed counterparts of this Amendment, which, when taken
together, bear the authorized signatures of the Borrowers, the Agent, and the Lenders;  
      4  

(c)    Agent shall have received such other documents, legal opinions,
instruments, and certificates relating to this Amendment as it shall reasonably request and such other documents, legal opinions, instruments, and certificates that shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and the Lenders;  
 (d)    all corporate proceedings taken or to be taken in connection with this Amendment and documents incidental thereto
whether or not referred to herein shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent and the Lenders; and  
 (e)    all proceedings taken in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and all documentation and
other legal matters incident thereto shall be satisfactory to the Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  
 4.02      Further Actions   .    Each of the parties to this Amendment agrees that at any time
and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment.
    ARTICLE V      COSTS
AND EXPENSES     Without limiting the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents, the Obligors jointly and severally agree to pay on
demand: (i) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents executed pursuant to this Amendment and any and all subsequent
amendments, modifications, and supplements to this Amendment, including without limitation, the reasonable costs and fees of the Agent s legal counsel; and (ii) all reasonable costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Agent in
connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under the Loan Agreement, this Amendment, and/or the other Loan Documents, including without limitation, the reasonable costs and fees of the Agent s legal counsel.  
  ARTICLE VI   
  MISCELLANEOUS   
 6.01      Cross-References   .  References in this Amendment to any Section are, unless otherwise
specified, to such Section of this Amendment.    6.02      Instrument Pursuant to Loan
Agreement   .    This Amendment is a Loan Document executed pursuant to the Loan Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly indicated herein) be construed, administered, and applied in accordance with the terms and
provisions of the Loan Agreement.    6.03      Acknowledgment of the Obligors   .  Each Obligor hereby
represents and warrants that the execution and delivery of this Amendment and compliance by such Obligor with all of the provisions of this Amendment: (i) are within the powers and purposes of such Obligor; (ii) have been duly authorized
or approved by the board of directors (or other appropriate governing body) of such Obligor; and (iii) when executed and delivered by or on behalf of such Obligor will constitute valid and binding obligations of such Obligor, enforceable in
accordance with its terms. Each Obligor reaffirms its obligations to perform and pay all amounts due to the Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, its obligations under any promissory note evidencing any
of the Loans) and its grant of a security interest thereunder, in each case in accordance with the terms thereof, as amended and modified hereby. 
      5  

6.04      Loan Documents Unmodified   .  Each of the consents,
waivers, and amendments provided herein shall apply and be effective only with respect to the provisions of the Loan Document specifically referred to by such amendments. Except as otherwise specifically modified by this Amendment, all terms
and provisions of the Loan Agreement and all other Loan Documents, as modified hereby, shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Nothing contained in this Amendment shall in any way impair the
validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents, as modified hereby, or alter, waive, annul, vary, affect, or impair any provisions, conditions, or covenants contained therein or any rights, powers, or remedies granted therein, except as otherwise
specifically provided in this Amendment. Subject to the terms of this Amendment, any lien and/or security interest granted to the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, in the Collateral set forth in the Loan Documents is reaffirmed and shall
remain unchanged and in full force and effect and the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall continue to secure the payment and performance of all of the Obligations. 
 6.05      Parties, Successors and Assigns   .  This Amendment represents the agreement of the Borrowers,
the Agent and each of the Lenders signatory hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations, or warranties relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein
or in the other Loan Documents. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrowers, Agent, Lenders, and their respective successors and assigns, except that (i) no Borrower shall have the right to assign its rights or
delegate its obligations under any Loan Documents; and (ii) any assignment by a Lender must be made in compliance with Section 13.3 of the Loan Agreement. 
 6.06      Counterparts   .    This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Amendment shall become effective when all conditions precedent have been met and when the Agent has executed it and received counterparts
bearing the signatures of all other parties hereto. Delivery of a signature page of this Amendment by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of such agreement. This Amendment may be executed and
delivered by facsimile or electronic mail, and will have the same force and effect as manually signed originals. Any electronic signature, contract formation on an electronic platform and electronic record-keeping shall have the same legal
validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New
York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any similar state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.  
 6.07      Headings   .    The headings, captions, and arrangements used in this Amendment are for
convenience only, are not a part of this Amendment, and shall not affect the interpretation hereof.  
 6.08      Waivers   . To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, each Borrower waives (a) the right to
trial by jury (which the Agent and each Lender hereby also waives) in any proceeding or dispute of any kind relating in any way to any Loan Documents (including this Amendment), Obligations, or Collateral; (b) presentment, demand, protest, notice of
presentment, default, non-payment, maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any commercial paper, accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guaranties at any time held by the Agent on which a Borrower may in any
way be liable, and hereby ratifies anything the Agent may do in this regard; (c) notice prior to taking possession or control of any Collateral; (d) any bond or security that might be required by a court prior to allowing the Agent to exercise any
rights or remedies; (e) the benefit of all valuation, appraisement and exemption laws; (f) any claim    
      6  

against the Agent, Issuing Bank or any Lender, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) in any way
relating to any Enforcement Action, Obligations, Loan Documents or transactions relating thereto; and (g) notice of acceptance hereof. Each Borrower acknowledges that the foregoing waivers are a material inducement to the Agent and Lenders
entering into this Amendment and that the Agent, Issuing Bank, and Lenders are relying upon the foregoing in their dealings with the Borrowers. Each Borrower has reviewed the foregoing waivers with its legal counsel and has knowingly and
voluntarily waived its jury trial and other rights following consultation with legal counsel. In the event of litigation, this Amendment may be filed as a written consent to a trial by the court.  
 6.09      Choice of Law; Jury Trial Waiver; Submission to Jurisdiction   .    THIS AMENDMENT
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES (BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS RELATING TO NATIONAL BANKS).  EACH BORROWER HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY
FEDERAL OR STATE COURT SITTING IN OR WITH JURISDICTION OVER THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, IN ANY DISPUTE, ACTION, LITIGATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING RELATING IN ANY WAY TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND AGREES THAT ANY DISPUTE, ACTION, LITIGATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING
SHALL BE BROUGHT BY IT SOLELY IN ANY SUCH COURT.     EACH BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ALL CLAIMS, OBJECTIONS AND DEFENSES THAT IT MAY HAVE REGARDING ANY SUCH COURT S PERSONAL OR SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION,
VENUE OR INCONVENIENT FORUM. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 14.3.1   OF THE LOAN
AGREEMENT . A final judgment in any proceeding of any such court shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or any other manner provided by Applicable Law. Nothing herein shall limit the right
of the Agent or any Lender to bring proceedings against any Obligor in any other court, nor limit the right of any party to serve process in any other manner permitted by Applicable Law. Nothing in this Amendment shall be deemed to preclude
enforcement by the Agent of any judgment or order obtained in any forum or jurisdiction.  
 6.10      Severability   .    Wherever possible, each provision of the Loan Documents shall be
interpreted in such manner as to be valid under Applicable Law. If any provision is found to be invalid under Applicable Law, it shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity and the remaining provisions of the Loan Documents shall
remain in full force and effect.    6.11      Total Agreement   .  This Amendment, the Loan Agreement,
and all other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior understandings and agreements among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof.  
 6.12      Release   .  IN CONSIDERATION OF THIS AMENDMENT, EACH OBLIGOR REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO KNOWN CLAIMS, OFFSETS, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, OFFSETS, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE
DATE OF ITS EXECUTION OF THIS AMENDMENT AND RELEASES AND DISCHARGES AGENT, EACH LENDER AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS, AFFILIATES AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM
ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR  
      7  

UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH SUCH OBLIGOR HAS OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN
DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.    [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]  
      8  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the day and year
first written above.       

BORROWERS  :   

ARCTIC CAT INC. , a Minnesota corporation  

By: 
   
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   
 
 Name: 
   
 Christopher J. Eperjesy  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

ARCTIC CAT SALES INC. , a Minnesota corporation  

By: 
   
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   
 
 Name: 
   
 Christopher J. Eperjesy  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

ARCTIC CAT PRODUCTION LLC , a Minnesota limited liability company  

By: 
   
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   
 
 Name: 
   
 Christopher J. Eperjesy  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

ARCTIC CAT PRODUCTION SUPPORT LLC , a 
 Minnesota limited liability company   

By: 
   
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   
 
 Name: 
   
 Christopher J. Eperjesy  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

ARCTIC CAT SHARED SERVICES LLC , a 
 Minnesota limited liability company   

By: 
   
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   
 
 Name: 
   
 Christopher J. Eperjesy  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

MOTORFIST, LLC , a Minnesota limited liability company  

By: 
   
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   
 
 Name: 
   
 Christopher J. Eperjesy  
 
 Title: 
   
 Treasurer  

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,   
 
 as Lender  

By: 
   
   /s/ Ray Gage   
 
 Name: 
   
 Raymond Gage  
 
 Title: 
   
 Authorized Officer  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d442642dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Christopher T. Metz,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Arctic Cat Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 
   
   /s/ Christopher T. Metz   

Christopher T. Metz,   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d442642dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Christopher J.
Eperjesy, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Arctic Cat Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 
    
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   

Christopher J. Eperjesy,   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d442642dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 (as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), I, Christopher T. Metz, the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Arctic Cat Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Arctic Cat Inc. and will be retained by Arctic Cat Inc. and
furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request.      

Date: November 9, 2016 
    
   /s/ Christopher T. Metz   

Christopher T. Metz,   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d442642dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 (as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), I, Christopher J. Eperjesy, the Chief Financial Officer
of Arctic Cat Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Arctic Cat Inc. and will be retained by Arctic Cat Inc. and
furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request.      

Date: November 9, 2016 
    
   /s/ Christopher J. Eperjesy   

Christopher J. Eperjesy,   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 acat-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 acat-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 acat-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 acat-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 acat-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 acat-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

