<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q_edgar_data_795212_0000930413-16-008938_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2438931</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71318</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>178859</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>491416</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>994197</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>635075</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930413-16-008938.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161208170730
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930413-16-008938
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161029
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000795212
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL- COMPUTER & PRERECORDED TAPE STORES [5735]
		IRS NUMBER:				141541629
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14818
		FILM NUMBER:		162042127

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38 CORPORATE CIRCLE
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5184521242

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38 CORPORATE CIRCLE
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANS WORLD MUSIC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930413-16-008938.txt : 20161208

10-Q
 1
 c86716_10q.htm

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x  
     QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY
    PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 29, 2016  

OR  

o  
     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ________
    TO ________  

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 0-14818 

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 

(Exact
name of  registrant  as specified in its charter)  

New York 
       
     14-1541629  
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer  

Identification Number)  

38 Corporate Circle 

 Albany, New York 12203 

(Address of principal
executive offices, including zip code) 

(518) 452-1242 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by a check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes   x  No   o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  o  
       
     Accelerated filer   x  
       
     Non-accelerated filer  o  
       
     Smaller reporting company  o   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Common Stock, $.01 par value, 
36,115,388 shares outstanding as of October 29, 2016 

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES 
QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
INDEX TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES  
    PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    Item 1 - Financial Statements  
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (in thousands, except per share and share amounts)  
  (unaudited)  

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (in thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (unaudited)  

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited)  

  October
29, 2016 and October 31, 2015  

Note 1. Nature of Operations  

Trans World Entertainment Corporation and subsidiaries ( the
Company ) is a specialty retailer of entertainment products, including video, trend, music, electronics and related products
in the United States. The Company operates a chain of retail entertainment stores, primarily under the names f.y.e. for your entertainment
and Suncoast Motion Pictures, and e-commerce sites, www.fye.com, and www.secondspin.com in a single industry segment. As of October
29, 2016, the Company operated 294 stores totaling approximately 1.7 million square feet in the United States, the District of
Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 

On October 17, 2016, the
Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of etailz, Inc. ( etailz ), an innovative and leading
digital marketplace retail expert. See Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Liquidity and Cash Flows:   

 The Company s primary sources of working capital are cash
and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided by operations and borrowing capacity under its revolving credit facility (See Note
9 for further details). The Company s cash flows fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to various items, including seasonality
of sales and earnings, merchandise inventory purchases and returns and the related terms on the purchases and capital expenditures.
Management believes it will have adequate resources to fund its cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond, including its
capital spending, seasonal increase in merchandise inventory and other operating cash requirements and commitments. 

Management anticipates that any future cash requirements due
to a shortfall in cash from operations would be funded by the Company s cash and cash equivalents on hand and its revolving
credit facility. 

Seasonality:   

 The Company s business is seasonal, with the fourth fiscal
quarter constituting the Company s peak selling period. In fiscal 2015, the fourth quarter accounted for approximately 35%
of annual net sales and all of net income. In anticipation of increased sales activity in the fourth quarter, the Company purchases
additional inventory and hires seasonal associates to supplement its core store sales and distribution center staffs. If, for any
reason, the Company s sales were below seasonal norms during the fourth quarter, the Company s operating results could
be adversely affected. Quarterly sales can also be affected by the timing of new product releases, new store openings, store closings
and the performance of existing stores. 

Note 2: Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements consist of Trans World Entertainment Corporation, its wholly-owned subsidiary, Record Town, Inc. ( Record Town ),
Record Town s subsidiaries and etailz, Inc., all of which are wholly-owned. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated. 

The interim condensed consolidated financial statements have
been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information furnished in these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflects all normal, recurring adjustments which, in the opinion of management,
are necessary for the fair presentation of such financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted pursuant to rules
and regulations applicable to interim financial statements. 

During the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016, the Company
recorded an immaterial adjustment between Other Revenue and Selling, General and Administrative expenses in its prior year condensed
consolidated financial statements for miscellaneous income, primarily related to commissions earned from third parties. The immaterial
adjustment did not impact prior year loss from operations, net loss, and basic and diluted loss per share. With the adjustment,
the prior year presentation is consistent with the current year presentation. 

The information presented in the accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of January 30, 2016 has been derived from the Company s January 30, 2016
audited consolidated financial statements. All other information has been derived from the Company s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements as of and for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015. These unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. 

The Company s significant accounting
policies are the same as those described in Note 1 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. Except as described herein, there has been no material change to the accounting policies applied
to our consolidated results and footnote disclosures. In accordance with the accounting guidance for business combinations, we
use the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. The excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized as goodwill. The valuations of acquired assets and liabilities will
impact the determination of future operating results. In addition to using management estimates and negotiated amounts, we use
a variety of information sources to determine the estimated fair values of the assets and liabilities, including third-party appraisals
for the estimated value and lives of identifiable intangible assets and property and equipment. The business and technical judgment
of management is used in determining the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets in accordance with the accounting guidance
for goodwill and intangible assets. 

Note 3. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU )
No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects
to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition
guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for the Company s fiscal year beginning January
28, 2018. Early application is permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition
method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial
reporting. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the
Measurement of Inventory. The amendments, which apply to inventory that is measured using any method other than the last-in, first-out
(LIFO) or retail inventory method, require that entities measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable  value. ASU 2015-11
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016 and should be applied
on a prospective basis. We are currently assessing the potential impact of adopting this ASU, but do not, at this time, anticipate
a material impact to our consolidated results of operations, financial positions or cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases,
which will replace most existing lease accounting guidance in U.S. GAAP. The core principle of the ASU is that an entity
should recognize the rights and obligations resulting from leases as assets and liabilities. The new standard requires
qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures to supplement the amounts recorded in the financial statements so that
users can understand more about the nature of an entity s leasing activities, including significant judgments and
changes in judgments. The new standard will be effective for the Company s fiscal year beginning February 3, 2019, and
requires the modified retrospective method of adoption. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of
determining the method and timing of adoption and assessing the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of
Cash Flows, which require that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents,
and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted
cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period
and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The Company adopted this standard as part of its quarterly
report for the period ended October 29, 2016. 

Note 4. Stock Based Compensation  

As of October 29, 2016, there was approximately $0.9 million
of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock awards that is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted average
period of 2.8 years. 

As of October 29, 2016, stock awards authorized
for issuance under the Company s current long term equity incentive plans totaled 8.0 million. There are certain authorized
stock plans for which the Company no longer grants awards. Of these awards authorized for issuance, 2.6 million were granted and
are outstanding, 1.3 million of which were vested and exercisable. Awards available for future grants at October 29, 2016 were
1.2 million. 

The table below outlines the assumptions that the Company used
to estimate the fair value of stock options granted during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016: 

The following table summarizes stock award activity during the
thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016: 

(1)  Other Share Awards include deferred shares granted to Directors and restricted share units granted
to executive officers.   

As of October 29, 2016, the intrinsic value
of stock awards outstanding was approximately $958,000 and exercisable was $736,000. 

In connection with the acquisition of etailz, the Company issued
1,572,552 restricted shares of Company stock to a key etailz employee, with a grant date fair value of $3.56 per share. These shares
vest ratably through January 2019. As of October 29, 2016, the Company recognized $207,000 of compensation cost related to these
shares. As of October 29, 2016, there was approximately $5.4 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to these restricted
shares that is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted average period of 2.3 years. 

Note 5. Defined Benefit Plans  

The Company maintains a non-qualified Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan ( SERP ) for certain executive officers of the Company. The SERP provides eligible executives defined
pension benefits that supplement benefits under other retirement arrangements. During the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016,
the Company did not make any cash contributions to the SERP and presently expects to pay approximately $1.1 million in benefits
relating to the SERP during fiscal 2016. 

The measurement date
for the SERP is the fiscal year end, using actuarial techniques which reflect estimates for mortality,
turnover and expected retirement. In addition, management makes assumptions concerning future salary increases. Discount rates
are generally established as of the measurement date using theoretical bond models that select high-grade corporate bonds with
maturities or coupons that correlate to the expected payouts of the applicable liabilities. 

The following represents the components
of the net periodic pension cost related to the Company s SERP for the respective periods: 

(1)  The amortization of net gain is related to a director retirement plan previously provided by the
Company.   

Note 6. Business Combinations  

On October 17, 2016, the Company
completed the purchase of all of the issued and outstanding shares of etailz, Inc. ( etailz ), an innovative and
leading digital marketplace retail expert. The Company paid $38.1 million in cash and issued 5.7 million shares of TWMC stock
at closing to the shareholders of etailz as consideration for their shares. Based on the fair value of $3.56 per share on the
acquisition date, the shares had a value of $20.4 million. An
earn-out of up to a maximum of $14.6 million will be payable in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019 subject to the achievement by
etailz of $6 million in operating income in fiscal 2017 and $7.5 million in fiscal 2018. In connection with the acquisition,
The Company assumed the liability for etailz s employee retention bonus plan, of which $1.9 million was due and payable
at closing and the remaining $2.3 million will be earned over a two year service period. The acquisition and related costs
were funded primarily from the Company s cash on hand and short term borrowings under its revolving credit facility.
The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. As of the date of filing this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q, the preliminary purchase accounting has not yet been finalized due primarily to the proximity of the closing date
of the transaction to the filing date of this quarterly report and the pending receipt of the final valuation for certain
assets, including identifiable intangible assets. 

The acquisition date fair value of the consideration for the
above transaction consisted of the following as of October 17, 2016 (in thousands): 

The excess of purchase consideration paid over the fair value
of identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recognized is not deductible for income tax purposes. 

The
following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the aggregate purchase price to the estimated fair value of the net assets
acquired:   

The Company recognized total acquisition related costs of $2.2
million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The results of operations of etailz will be reported
in the Company s etailz segment and has been included in the consolidated results of operations of the Company from
the date of acquisition. The following unaudited pro forma financial information for the thirteen weeks and thirty-nine weeks
ended October 29, 2016, and October 31, 2015, presents consolidated information as if the etailz acquisition had occurred on
February 1, 2015. Because of different fiscal period ends, and in order to present results for comparable periods, the
unaudited pro forma financial information for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016, combines (i) the Company s
historical statement of operations for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016, and (ii) etailz historical statement of
income for the period from January 1, 2016 through August 31, 2016 and October 1, 2016 through October 16, 2016. The
unaudited pro forma financial information for the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016, combines (i) the Company s
historical statement of operations for the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016; and (ii) etailz historical statement of
income for the period from July 1, 2016 through August 31, 2016 and October 1, 2016 through October 16, 2016. The unaudited pro
forma financial information for the thirty-nine weeks and thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2015, combines (i) the
Company s historical statement of operations for the thirty-nine weeks and thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2015, and
(ii) etailz historical statement of income for the nine months and three months ended October 31, 2015. The unaudited pro
forma financial information is presented after giving effect to certain adjustments for acquisition-related costs,
depreciation, amortization of definite lived intangible assets, interest expense on acquisition financing, and related income
tax effects. The unaudited pro forma financial information is based upon currently available information and upon certain
assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The unaudited pro forma financial information
does not purport to present what the Company s results of operations would actually have been if the aforementioned
transaction had in fact occurred on such date or at the beginning of the period indicated, nor does it project the
Company s financial position or results of operations at any future date or for any future period. 

Note 7. Identifiable Intangible Assets  

Identifiable intangible assets as of October 29, 2016 consisted
of the following (in thousands, except weighted-average amortization period): 

Estimated amortization expense for the remaining three months
of fiscal 2016 and each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter is as follows: 

Note 8. Restricted Cash  

In connection with the acquisition of etailz, Inc. and under
the terms of the share purchase agreement, the Company was required to hold certain cash in escrow. At October 29, 2016, the Company
had restricted cash of $16.1 million reported in long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company designated $1.5
million of the restricted cash to be made available to satisfy any indemnification claims and $14.6 million of the restricted cash
to equal the maximum earn-out amount that could be paid to the selling shareholders of etailz, Inc. in accordance with the share
purchase agreement. 

A summary of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is as
follows ($ in thousands): 

Note 9. Line of Credit  

In May 2012, the Company entered into a $75 million credit
facility ( Credit Facility ) which amended the previous credit facility. The principal amount of all outstanding
loans under the Credit Facility together with any accrued but unpaid interest, are due and payable in May 2017, unless
otherwise paid earlier pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility. The Company currently expects to review its Credit
Facility prior to the expiration date. Payments of amounts due under the Credit Facility are secured by the assets of the
Company. 

The Credit Facility includes customary provisions, including
affirmative and negative covenants, which include representations, warranties and restrictions on additional indebtedness and acquisitions.
The Credit Facility also includes customary events of default, including, among other things, material adverse effect, bankruptcy,
and certain changes of control. The Credit Facility also contains other terms and conditions, including limitations on the payment
of dividends and covenants around the net number of store closings. The Company is compliant with all covenants. 

Interest under the Credit Facility will accrue, at the election
of the Company, at a Base Rate or LIBO Rate, plus, in each case, an Applicable Margin, which is determined by reference to the
level of availability, with the Applicable Margin for LIBO Rate loans ranging from 2.25% to 2.75% and the Applicable Margin for
Prime Rate loans ranging from 0.75% to 1.25%. In addition, a commitment fee ranging from 0.375% to 0.50% is also payable on unused
commitments. The availability under the Credit Facility is subject to limitations based on inventory levels. 

As of October 29, 2016, the Company had
$5.9 million in outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and $53.7 million was available for borrowing. The weighted
average interest rate on outstanding borrowings for the thirteen week period ended October 29, 2016 was 3.73%. As of October 31,
2015, there were no borrowings outstanding under lines of credit and $65.0 million was available for borrowings. 

During the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 , in connection
with the acquisition of etailz, the Company paid off etailz s outstanding letter of credit in the amount of $4.7 million,
as the Company assumed this liability and paid off immediately following the acquisition. 

Note 10. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Loss  

Accumulated other comprehensive loss that the Company reports
in the condensed consolidated balance sheets represents net loss, adjusted for the difference between the accrued pension liability
and accrued benefit cost, net of taxes, associated with the Company s defined benefit plans. Comprehensive loss consists
of net loss and the reclassification of pension costs previously reported in comprehensive loss for the thirteen and thirty-nine
weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015. 

Note 11. Depreciation and Amortization
of Fixed Assets and Intangible Assets  

Depreciation and amortization of fixed
assets included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations is as follows: 

Note 12. Basic and Diluted Loss Per
Share  

Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing
net loss by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted Loss per share reflects the potential dilution
that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted
in the issuance of common stock (net of any assumed repurchases) that then shared in the earnings of the Company, if any. It is
computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted average shares outstanding and additional common shares that would have
been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued for the Company s common stock awards from the Company s
Stock Award Plans. 

For the thirteen and thirty-nine week periods ended October
29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, the impact of all outstanding stock awards was not considered because the Company reported a net
loss and such impact would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, basic and diluted loss per share is the same. 

Total anti-dilutive stock awards for the
thirteen and thirty-nine week periods ended October 29, 2016 were approximately 1.9 million shares and 1.8 million shares, respectively,
as compared to 1.8 million shares and 1.7 million shares, respectively, for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 31,
2015. 

Note 13. Shareholders  Equity  

In connection with the acquisition of etailz, in October 2016,
the Company issued 5.7 million shares of Company common stock to the selling shareholders of etailz at fair value of $3.56 per
share. 

During the thirty-nine week period ended October 29, 2016, the
Company repurchased 686,137 shares of common stock at an average price of $3.87 per share. Since the inception of the program,
the Company has repurchased 2,558,180 shares of common stock at an average price of $3.83 per share. The Company has approximately
$12.2 million available for future purchases under its repurchase program. 

The Company classifies the repurchased shares as treasury stock
on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Note 14. Income Taxes  
   
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income. Management considers the
scheduled reversal of taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment. Based on available objective evidence, management concluded that a full valuation allowance should continue to be recorded
against the Company's deferred tax assets. Management will continue to assess the need for and amount of the valuation allowance
against the deferred tax assets by giving consideration to all available evidence to the Company s ability to generate future
taxable income in its conclusion of the need for a full valuation allowance. Any reversal of the Company s valuation allowance
will favorably impact its results of operations in the period of reversal. The Company is currently unable to determine whether
or when that reversal might occur, but it will continue to assess the realizability of its deferred tax assets and will adjust
the valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will become realizable in
the future. The Company has significant net operating loss carry forwards and other tax attributes that are available to offset
projected taxable income and current taxes payable, if any, for the year ending January 28, 2017.  The deferred tax impact
resulting from the utilization of the net operating loss carry forwards and other tax attributes will be offset by a reduction
in the valuation allowance. As of January 30, 2016, the Company had a net operating loss carry forward of $158.8 million for federal
income tax purposes and approximately $247 million for state income tax purposes that expire at various times through 2035 and
are subject to certain limitations and statutory expiration periods. 

During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, in connection with
the acquisition of etailz, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $7.5 million related to the reduction of its valuation allowance
equivalent to the net deferred tax liabilities recorded on the etailz opening balance sheet. In assessing the realizability of
the net deferred tax assets at the time of the acquisition of etailz, management considered whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the remaining deferred tax assets will not be realizable. Management considered the scheduled reversal
of taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income when combining Trans World Entertainment projected income or
loss with etailz projected income or loss, and tax planning strategies when making this assessment. Based on the available objective
evidence, management concluded that a full valuation allowance should be recorded against its deferred tax assets net of the deferred
tax liabilities recorded in connection with the etailz acquisition. 

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 2 - Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and  

  Results of Operations  

  October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015  

Overview  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations provides information that the Company s management believes necessary to
achieve an understanding of its financial statements and results of operations. To the extent that such analysis contains
statements which are not of a historical nature, such statements are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and
uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, changes in the competitive environment for the Company s
merchandise, including the entry or exit of non-traditional retailers of the Company s merchandise to or from its
markets; releases by the music and  video industries of an increased or decreased number of  hit
releases , general economic factors in markets where the Company s merchandise is sold; and other factors
discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report and the audited consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
January 30, 2016. 

During October 2016,
the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of etailz, Inc. ( etailz ), an innovative and
leading digital marketplace retail expert. See Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Subsequent to this acquisition, reportable segments consist of FYE and etailz. As of October 29, 2016, FYE operated 294 stores
totaling approximately 1.7 million square feet in the United States, the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
FYE stores offer predominantly entertainment products, including video and music. In total, these two categories represented 61%
of the Company s net sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016. The balance of categories, including trend,
electronics, video games and related products represented 39% of the FYE s net sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended October
29, 2016. 

The Company s results have been, and will continue to
be, contingent upon management s ability to understand industry trends and to manage the business in response to those trends
and general economic trends. Management monitors a number of key performance indicators to evaluate its performance, including: 

Net sales and comparable store net sales:  The Company
measures and reports the rate of change in comparable store net sales. A store is included in comparable store net sales calculations
at the beginning of its thirteenth full month of operation. Stores relocated/expanded or downsized are excluded from comparable
store net sales if the change in square footage is greater than 20%. Closed stores that were open for at least thirteen months
are included in comparable stores net sales through the month immediately preceding the month of closing. Stores that are temporarily
closed are excluded from the calculation of comparable stores sales for the applicable periods in the year of closure and the subsequent
year. The Company further analyzes net sales by store format and by product category. 

Cost of Sales and Gross Profit:  Gross profit is impacted
primarily by the mix of products sold, by discounts negotiated with vendors, and discounts offered to customers. The Company records
its distribution and product shrink expenses in cost of sales. Distribution expenses include those costs associated with receiving,
shipping, inspecting and warehousing product and costs associated with product returns to vendors. Cost of sales further includes
obsolescence costs and is reduced by the benefit of vendor allowances, net of direct reimbursements of expense. 

Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A )
Expenses:  Included in SG A expenses are payroll and related costs, occupancy charges, general operating and overhead expenses
and depreciation charges (excluding those related to distribution operations, as disclosed in Note 11 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements). Selling, general and administrative expenses also include fixed asset write offs associated with store closures
and change in square footage, if any, gift card breakage and acquisition costs. 

Balance Sheet and Ratios:  The Company
views cash, net inventory investment (merchandise inventory less accounts payable) and working capital (current assets less current
liabilities) as relevant indicators of its financial position. See Liquidity and Capital Resources for further discussion of these
items. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Thirteen and Thirty-nine
Weeks Ended October 29, 2016  

  Compared to the Thirteen
and Thirty-nine Weeks Ended October 31, 2015  

Results for etailz are included in our financial
statements beginning October 17, 2016, the date of the closing of the acquisition ( Post Acquisition Period ). 

Net
Sales.  The following table sets forth a period over period comparison of the Company s net sales by category:  

FYE   

 FYE comparable sales decreased 4.6% for
the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016. For the thirty-nine weeks   ended October 29, 2016, comparable sales decreased
1.7%. Net sales decreased 9.9% and 6.6% during the thirteen weeks and thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 as compared to the
same periods last year. The decline in net sales resulted primarily from a decrease in store count of 4.9% from October 31, 2015 to
October 29, 2016. 

etailz   

 etailz reported $3.8 million sales for the
period from October 17, 2016 to October 29, 2016. 

Gross
Profit.    The following table sets forth
a period over period comparison of the Company s gross profit:  

FYE   

 Total gross profit as a percentage of total revenue was
40.5% and 40.9% for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016, respectively. Gross profit as a percentage of
revenue excluding the impact of etailz was 41.5% for the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016, compared to 40.3% for the
same period last year, a 120 basis point increase.  The increase in gross profit as a
percentage of sales during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016  was due to a shift in mix to higher margin
categories as well as improved margins in the trend, electronics, and video categories through improved inventory control and
better price management. 

etailz   

 etailz contributed $940 thousand in gross
profit, or 24.6% of etailz revenue, from October 17, 2016 to October 29, 2016. 

SG A
Expenses.      The following table sets
forth a period over period comparison of the Company s SG A expenses:  

For the
thirteen weeks ended  October  29, 2016, SG A expenses, before depreciation and acquisition
related costs, decreased $1.1 million, or 3.6%, for the quarter to $29.3 million, or 46.9% of revenue, compared to $30.4 million, or 44.0% of revenue, for the same period last year.   

For the
thirty-nine weeks ended  October  29, 2016, SG A expenses, before depreciation and acquisition
related costs, decreased $1.6 million dollars, or 1.7% to $88.9 million, or 43.9% of total FYE revenue, compared to $90.5 million,
or 41.7% of total FYE revenue, in the comparable period last year.   

Interest
Expense, Net.      For the
thirteen weeks ended   October 
29, 2016, net interest expense was $128 thousand versus $488 thousand last year. The decline in interest expense was due to
the expiration of the capital lease on the Company s distribution center and corporate offices. The current lease is
accounted for as an operating lease with payments in the amount of $310 thousand included in SG A.   

For the thirty-nine weeks
ended  October  29, 2016, net interest expense was $523 thousand versus $1.5 million
last year. The decline in interest expense was due to the expiration of the capital lease on the Company s
distribution center and corporate offices. The current lease is accounted for as an operating lease with payments in the
amount of $929 thousand included in SG A.  

Income Tax
Expense.   In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax
assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income. Management considers the scheduled reversal of taxable
temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on
available objective evidence, management concluded that a full valuation allowance should continue to be recorded against the
Company's deferred tax assets. Management will continue to assess the need for and amount of the valuation allowance against
the deferred tax assets by giving consideration to all available evidence to the Company s ability to generate
future taxable income in its conclusion of the need for a full valuation allowance. Any reversal of the Company s
valuation allowance will favorably impact its results of operations in the period of reversal. The Company is currently
unable to determine whether or when that reversal might occur, but it will continue to assess the realizability of its
deferred tax assets and will adjust the valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the
deferred tax assets will become realizable in the future. The Company has significant net operating loss carry forwards and
other tax attributes that are available to offset projected taxable income and current taxes payable, if any, for the year
ending January 28, 2017.  The deferred tax impact resulting from the utilization of the net operating loss carry
forwards and other tax attributes will be offset by a reduction in the valuation allowance. As of January 30, 2016, the
Company had a net operating loss carry forward of $158.8 million for federal income tax purposes and approximately $247
million for state income tax purposes that expire at various times through 2035 and are subject to certain limitations and
statutory expiration periods.  

During
the third quarter of fiscal 2016, in connection with the acquisition of etailz, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $7.5 million
related to the reduction of its valuation allowance equivalent to the net deferred tax liabilities recorded on the etailz opening
balance sheet.  In assessing the realizability of the net deferred tax assets at the time of the acquisition of etailz, management
considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the remaining deferred tax assets will not be realizable.
Management considered the scheduled reversal of taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income when combining Trans
World Entertainment projected income or loss with etailz projected income or loss, and tax planning strategies when making this
assessment. Based on the available objective evidence, management concluded that a full valuation allowance should be recorded
against its deferred tax assets net of the deferred tax liabilities recorded in connection with the etailz acquisition.   

Net
Loss:    The following table sets forth a
period over period comparison of the Company s net loss:  

For the thirteen weeks
ended October 29, 2016, the Company s net loss was $484 thousand compared to a net loss of $4.3 million for the thirteen
weeks ended October 31, 2015. The decrease in net loss was primarily due to the income tax benefit recorded in the third quarter
of 2016 offset by transaction and other costs related to the acquisition of etailz. For the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29,
2016, the Company s net loss was $5.1 million, compared to a net loss of $7.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October
31, 2015. 

LIQUIDITY  

Liquidity
and Cash Flows:    The Company s primary
sources of working capital are cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided by operations and borrowing capacity under its
revolving credit facility (See Note 6 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further details). The Company s
cash flows fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to various items, including seasonality of net sales and earnings, merchandise
inventory purchases and returns and the related terms on the purchases and capital expenditures. Management believes it will have
adequate resources to fund its cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond, including its capital spending, its seasonal increase
in merchandise inventory and other operating cash requirements and commitments.   

Management anticipates that any future cash requirements
due to a shortfall in cash from operations would be funded by the Company s cash and cash equivalents on hand and its revolving
credit facility, discussed hereafter. 

The following table sets forth a summary of key
components of cash flow and working capital for each of the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, or at
those dates: 

The Company had cash, cash equivalents,
and restricted cash of $20.8 million at October 29, 2016, compared to $74.9 million at October 31, 2015. 

Cash used by operating
activities was $30.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016. 

 The primary uses of cash
were a loss before income tax benefit of $12.6 million and a $23.1 million seasonal increase in inventory. The Company's merchandise
inventory and accounts payable are influenced by the seasonality of its business. A significant reduction of accounts payable occurs
annually in the fiscal first quarter, reflecting payments for merchandise inventory purchased during the prior year's holiday season.
Excluding the impact of etailz, inventory per square foot was $86 at the end of the quarter, compared to $83 per square foot at
the end of the third quarter last year 

Cash used by investing
activities was $51.9 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016. The primary uses of cash were the investment in
etailz of $36.3 million and capital expenditures of $16.7 million. 

Cash used by financing
activities was $1.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016. The primary uses of cash were the purchases of common
stock of $2.6 million and a $4.7 million payment on the line of credit, offset by proceeds from short-term borrowings of $5.9 million. 

During the thirty-nine
weeks ended October 29, 2016, the Company repurchased 686,137 shares of common stock at an average price of $3.87 per share. Since
the inception of the program, the Company has repurchased 2.6 million shares of common stock at an average price of $3.83 per share.
The Company has approximately $12.2 million available for future purchases under its repurchase program. 

In May 2012, the
Company entered into a $75 million credit facility ( Credit Facility ) which amended the previous credit
facility. The principal amount of all outstanding loans under the Credit Facility together with any accrued but unpaid
interest, are due and payable in May 2017, unless otherwise paid earlier pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility. The
Company currently expects to renew its Credit Facility prior to the expiration date. Payments of amounts due under the Credit
Facility are secured by the assets of the Company.   

As of October
29, 2016, the Company had $5.9 million in outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and $53.7 million was
available for borrowing. The weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings for the thirteen week period ended October
29, 2016 was 3.73%. As of October 31, 2015, there were no borrowings outstanding under lines of credit and $65.0 million was available
for borrowing. 

  During
the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016, in connection with the acquisition of etailz, the Company paid off etailz s outstanding
letter of credit in the amount of $4.7 million.  

Refer
to footnote 9 in the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s credit facility.  

Capital
Expenditures   .   During the thirty-nine
weeks ended October 29, 2016, the Company made capital expenditures of $16.7 million. The Company currently plans to spend approximately
$20.0 million in total for capital expenditures in fiscal 2016.   

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires that management
apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities in the financial statements. Management continually evaluates its estimates and judgments including those related
to merchandise inventory and return costs, income taxes and business combinations. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience
and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016 includes a summary
of the critical accounting policies and methods used by the Company in the preparation of its condensed consolidated financial
statements. There have been no material changes or modifications to the policies since January 30, 2016. Except as described herein,
there has been no material change to the accounting policies applied to our consolidated results and footnote disclosures. In accordance
with the accounting guidance for business combinations, we use the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired
businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. The
excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized as goodwill.
The valuations of acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. In addition to using
management estimates and negotiated amounts, we use a variety of information sources to determine the estimated fair values of
the assets and liabilities, including third-party appraisals for the estimated value and lives of identifiable intangible assets
and property and equipment. The business and technical judgment of management is used in determining the useful lives of finite-lived
intangible assets in accordance with the accounting guidance for goodwill and intangible assets. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements:  

 In 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standard
Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount
of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace
most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for the Company s
fiscal year beginning January 28, 2018. Early application is permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective
or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the
standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,
Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The amendments, which apply to inventory that is measured using any method other than
the last-in, first-out (LIFO) or retail inventory method, require that entities measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable
value. ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15,
2016 and should be applied on a prospective basis. We are currently assessing the potential impact of adopting this ASU, but do
not, at this time, anticipate a material impact to our consolidated results of operations, financial positions or cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02, Leases, which will replace most existing lease accounting guidance in U.S. GAAP. The core principle of the ASU is that
an entity should recognize the rights and obligations resulting from leases as assets and liabilities. The new standard requires
qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures to supplement the amounts recorded in the financial statements so that users
can understand more about the nature of an entity s leasing activities, including significant judgments and changes in judgments.
The new standard will be effective for the Company s fiscal year beginning February 3, 2019, and requires the modified retrospective
method of adoption. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of determining the method and timing of adoption
and assessing the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18,
Statement of Cash Flows, which require that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash,
cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Therefore, amounts generally
described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should
be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the
statement of cash flows. The Company adopted this standard as part of its quarterly report for the period ended October 29, 2016. 

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  PART I   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

Item 3   Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

To the
extent the Company borrows under its Credit Facility, the Company is subject to risk resulting from interest rate fluctuations
since interest on the Company s borrowings under its Credit Facility can be variable. Interest under the Credit Facility
will accrue, at the election of the Company, at a Base Rate or LIBO Rate, plus, in each case, an Applicable Margin, which is determined
by reference to the level of availability as defined in the Credit Agreement, with the Applicable Margin for LIBO Rate loans ranging
from 2.25% to 2.75% and the Applicable Margin for Base Rate loans ranging from 0.75% to 1.25%. If interest rates on the Company s
Credit Facility were to increase by 25 basis points, and to the extent borrowings were outstanding, for every $1,000,000 outstanding
on the facility, Loss before income taxes would be reduced by $2,500 per year. For a discussion of the Company s accounting
policies for financial instruments and further disclosures relating to financial instruments, see  Nature of Operations and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016. The Company does not currently hold any derivative instruments.  

Item 4   Controls
and Procedures  

(a)    Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures.    The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
after evaluating the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of October 29, 2016, have concluded that as of such
date the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to ensure that (i) information required
to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms and (ii) information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b)      Changes
in internal controls .     The acquisition of etailz, Inc. was significant to the Company and was consummated
effective October 17, 2016. Upon consummation of the acquisition, etailz, Inc. became a consolidated subsidiary of the Company.
The Company intends to take a period of time to fully incorporate the etailz, Inc. operations that it acquired into its evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting. In connection with the foregoing evaluation by the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, other than as noted above, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls
over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this quarterly report that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting.  

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1  
Legal Proceedings 

 The Company is subject
to legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of its business and have not been finally adjudicated.
Although there can be no assurance as to the ultimate disposition of these matters, it is management s opinion, based upon
the information available at this time, that the expected outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not
have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. 

Item 1A  
Risk Factors 

  Our acquisition of etailz, Inc. could have an adverse effect
on our business.  

On
October 17, 2016, we acquired (the  Acquisition ) all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of etailz Inc. ( etailz ).
The acquisition of a business and its integration with existing operations involves a number of financial, managerial and operational
challenges that take significant management time and attention. In addition. we have incurred significant expenses and fees in
connection with the Acquisition, and may incur additional expenses post-closing. Our overall profitability would be adversely affected
if our time and expenses associated with businesses we have acquired or may acquire in the future are not matched or exceeded by
the revenues that are derived from such acquisition. 

In connection with our acquisition of
etailz, we are expanding into a new market in which we have limited operating experience.  

We
have limited experience as a reseller on third party ecommerce marketplaces. Our entry into this new line of business may subject
us to additional risks and uncertainties. If etailz is not successful, it may not produce substantial revenue or profit and our
operating results could be adversely affected. 

etailz revenue is dependent on maintaining
etailz  relationship with Amazon and failure to do so, or any restrictions on our ability to offer products on the Amazon
Marketplace, could have a adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

etailz
generates substantially all of its revenue through the Amazon Marketplace. Therefore, we depend in large part on our relationship
with Amazon for the continued growth of the etailz segment. In particular, we depend on our ability to offer products on the Amazon
Marketplace. We also depend on Amazon for the timely delivery of products to customers. Any adverse change in our relationship
with Amazon, including restrictions on the ability to offer products or termination of the relationship, could adversely affect
the continued growth of our etailz segment and our financial condition and results of operations. 

We may encounter difficulties in fully
integrating etailz into our business and may not fully achieve, or achieve within a reasonable time frame, expected strategic
objectives and other expected benefits of the Acquisition.  

The
success of the Acquisition of etailz will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities on a
standalone basis and from the integration of etailz with our existing business. There may be substantial difficulties, costs and
delays involved in the integration of etailz with our own business, including distracting management from day-to-day operations
and potential incompatibility of corporate cultures, and costs and delays in implementing systems and procedures. In addition,
the process of integrating the operations of etailz could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one
or more of our combined businesses and the possible loss of key personnel or vendor partners. Any one or all of these factors may
increase our operating costs or lower our anticipated financial performance. Our failure to fully integrate etailz could have an
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item
2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

 In connection with the Company s acquisition
of etailz Inc. ( etailz ), a private company, on October 17, 2016, the Company issued to the sellers an aggregate of
5,730,659 shares of common stock.  The common shares, other than 1,572,552 shares issued to etailz  chief executive
officer, Mr. Joshua Neblett, were fully vested upon issuance. Mr. Neblett s shares will vest over 27 months from the acquisition
date.  The common shares were issued in a private transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in
reliance on Section 4(2) based primarily on representations made by each of the sellers.  The sale of the securities did not
involve underwriters or any form of general solicitation or general advertising.  A description of the acquisition is contained
in item 1.01 of the Company s Form 8-K dated October 17, 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
3   Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

  None.  

Item
4   Mine Safety Disclosure  

  Not
Applicable.  

Item
5   Other Information  

  None.  

Item 6 - Exhibits  

(A) Exhibits -  

Exhibit No.  
       
      Description  

31.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to Section 302 of the  

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to Section 302 of the 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
       
     Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as
    adopted pursuant to 

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document (furnished herewith) 

101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (furnished herewith) 

101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (furnished
    herewith) 

101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (furnished
    herewith) 

101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (furnished herewith) 

101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (furnished
    herewith) 

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT
CORPORATION  

December 8, 2016 
      By: /s/ Michael Feurer  

Michael Feurer 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

December 8, 2016 
      By: /s/ John Anderson  

John Anderson 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal and Chief Accounting Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 c86716_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1   

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF SARBANES OXLEY ACT 2002  

I,  Michael Feurer certify that: 

(1)  I have reviewed this report on Form 10 Q of the Registrant; 

(2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4)  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

(5)  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:   December 8, 2016 

/s/ Michael Feurer 

Michael Feurer  

Chief Executive Officer 

Trans World Entertainment Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 c86716_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2  

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES OXLEY ACT 2002  

I, John Anderson, Chief Financial Officer of Trans World Entertainment
Corporation (the  Registrant ), certify that: 

(1)  I have reviewed this report on Form 10 Q of the Registrant; 

(2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4)  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

(5)  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:   December 8, 2016 

/s/ John Anderson 

John Anderson 

Chief Financial Officer 

Trans World Entertainment Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 c86716_ex32.htm

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Trans World Entertainment Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending October 29, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, Michael Feurer, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company and John Anderson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael Feurer 
       
     /s/ John Anderson 

Michael Feurer 
       
     John Anderson 

Chief Executive Officer 
       
     Chief Financial Officer 

December 8, 2016 
       
     December 8, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 twmc-20161029.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 twmc-20161029.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 twmc-20161029_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 twmc-20161029_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 twmc-20161029_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 twmc-20161029_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

