<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161207_10-Q_edgar_data_1514888_0001514888-16-000017_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>355693</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>47090</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>210470</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001514888-16-000017.hdr.sgml : 20161207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161207065607
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001514888-16-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXPERIENCE ART & DESIGN, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514888
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ABRASIVE ASBESTOS & MISC NONMETALLIC MINERAL PRODUCTS [3290]
		IRS NUMBER:				274673791
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54968
		FILM NUMBER:		162037596

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7260 W. AZURE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140-952
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-347-8521

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7260 W. AZURE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140-952
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLEAR SYSTEM RECYCLING, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001514888-16-000017.txt : 20161207

10-Q
 1
 sept10qfinal.htm

EXPERIENCE ART   DESIGN, INC. (Form: 10-Q, Received: 08/23/2013 17:01:23) 

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549   
  ____________________________________________________________  
   FORM 10-Q   
        QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
     
  For the quarterly period ended:  September 30, 2016  
     
  OR  
     
    TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT  
  For the transition period from __________ to  
     
  Commission file number: 000-1514888  
     
   EXPERIENCE ART AND DESIGN, INC.   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)  

702-347-8521   
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code:  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes            No     
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes            No     
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
     
     Large accelerated filer                 Accelerated filer        
    Non-accelerated filer                 Smaller reporting company             
      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes    No          
     
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  
     
  Common Stock: 199,909,400 shares outstanding as of December 7, 2016.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS    
     
  PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     
            Item 1. Unaudited Financial Statements      3    
                       
           Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      11    
                       
           Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis About Market Risk      13    
                       
           Item 4. Controls and Procedures      13    
      
  PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
     
            Item 1. Legal Proceedings      13    
                       
           Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      13    
                       
           Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities      13    
                       
           Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures      13    
                       
           Item 5. Other Information      14    
                       
           Item 6. Exhibits      14    

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
      
    Item 1.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   
     
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of Experience Art and Design, Inc. (the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States for interim financial reporting and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( Commission  or  SEC ). While these statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary in order to make the consolidated financial statements not misleading and for fair presentation of the results of the interim period, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete consolidated financial statements.  

EXPERIENCE ART AND DESIGN, INC.    
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
            
                                Period Ended     
    September 30      December 31    
                                2016             2015    
                                                   
      Operating Activities                                  
    Net Gain (Loss)      $      (204,003)      $      (16,044)    
     Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities:                                 
    Depreciation and Amortization             -             -    
    Loss on Settlement of Note Payable             (97,450)             -    
     Changes In Operating Assets and Liabilities:                                 
           Accounts Receivable             -             -    
           Inventories             -             -    
           Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets             -             -    
           Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities             11,550             40,000    
           Advance from Customers             -             -    
           Tax Payable                           -    
           Other Liabilities                           -    
                  Net Cash Used in Operating Activities             11,550             40,000    
                                                   
      Investing Activities               -                  
           Capital Expenditures for Property, Plant, and Equipment             -             -    
                  Net Cash Used in Investing Activities             -             -    
                                                   
      Financing Activities                                  
           Proceeds from Issuance of Common Shares             -             -    
           Proceeds from Short-Term Borrowings             11,550             40,000    
           Proceeds from Borrowings on Debt-Related Parties                           -    
           Payments on Short-Term Borrowings-Related Parties                           -    
           Principal Payments on Long-Term Debt             -             -    
                  Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities             11,550             40,000    
                                                   
     Net Effect of Exchange Rate Changes              -             -    
                                                   
           Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents             (11,550)             (40,000)    
           Cash at the beginning of the period             -             -    
           Cash at the end of the period      $      -      $      -    
                                                   
    Supplemental cash flow data                                
           Cash paid during the period for:                                
                  Interest      $      -      $      -    
                                                   
                  Income Taxes      $      -      $      -    
           Noncash investing and financing activities:                                
                  Related party forgiveness of debt      $      -      $      -    
                  Common shares issued to settle related party debt      $      -      $      -    
                  Note issued to purchase assets from related party      $      -      $      -    
                                                   
                   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.     

EXPERIENCE ART AND DESIGN, INC.  
   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
     
    Note 1     Description of Business   
     
  Our activity for the year ended December 31, 2015 with the Chiurazzi transaction being cancelled by the former director at the same time as he resigned and elected our current sole officer and director to his positions.  The Company began at that moment engaging in the oil and dry cleaning industries, two sectors that are affected very differently by adverse local or global economic conditions.  
     
  Since December 16, 2015 the Company has been focused on two primary business models: the re-work of existing oil wells and dry cleaners, through two wholly owned subsidiary companies: TransAmerican Oil and Metropolitan Dry Cleaners respectively.  
     
  The re-work of oil wells is a very cost effective way to enter the oil industry without heavy upfront drilling costs. By reworking oil wells a company can look to extract oil from existing wells at a rate of $9.00 to $15.00 per barrel.  TransAmerican Oil is working on closing a deal that gives it access to 300 wells. Each well has the ability to pump 10 barrels per day after $50,000 or less is spent per well bringing it back online. The pending transaction had factored oil in at $30 per barrel allowing the company significant operating margins.  
     
  The dry cleaning market is over $9 billion in annual revenue and there is not one dominant player in the market. The top 10 companies combined earn about $100 million annually in a market with over 35,000 locations spread across the country.  

Metropolitan Dry Cleaners   
     
  Metropolitan Dry Cleaners is a roll-up of existing enterprises with a multi-year history of revenues and profits in a variety of primarily East Coast States. These enterprises have been listed for sale by their owners and often come with existing staff and inventory. The company will provide dry cleaning, laundry, and garment alterations, as offered by the existing target businesses along with regular home pick-up and delivery services.  The company will have both production facilities and retail storefronts to complement its pick-up and delivery service. The company will need delivery vans, and customer service trained drivers, which should come with the acquisition of some businesses. Metropolitan plans to also offer customers the opportunity to download an app to schedule service. These customers will recommend Metropolitan Dry Cleaners to their friends and coworkers. As more and more customers use this service, Metropolitan Dry Cleaners' image is enhanced and will gain greater market share within the existing enterprise zone.  An analysis conducted in 2011 concluded  how highly fragmented the industry is with 39,000 location generating $9.2 billion in Annual sales, while the top 4 companies only represent 2.5% of the overall sales.   
  The analysis showed that there is no national chain with overall market dominance, and the closest companies to forming a national chain with 2.5% market share have almost no dominance within the market place.    Metropolitan expects to be profitable immediately as it is purchasing existing cash flow and companies with an established operating history. The Company has targeted a list of almost 100 dry cleaners with combined annual cash flow of $3.4M, and revenues of $10.5M.  The Company hopes to acquire existing dry cleaners using a combination of money-down, equity, and payments over time.  In areas where there is overlap of production facilities the company can expand by relocating those facilities and operating assets, opening new storefronts, and advertising to prospective customers via direct mail and online mailers.  
    Note 2     Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
     
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statement have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), regarding interim financial reporting.  Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.  As such, the information included in this quarterly report on Form 10-K should be read in conjunction with recent company filings with the SEC.  

Management's Estimates and Assumptions   
     
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses.  Actual results could differ from these estimates.  
     
   Cash and Equivalents   
     
  The Company s cash and cash equivalents consist of cash, as well as interest and non-interest bearing balances due from banks both foreign and domestic with an original maturity of three months or less.  Amounts in depository accounts fluctuate on a daily basis due to activity and liquidity needs.  It is the Company s policy not to deposit large sums of cash within foreign operational deposit accounts due to financial instability in the region and the Company fund operations on an as needed basis.  The Company maintains cash in bank deposit accounts domestically, which at times may exceed the federally insured limits throughout the course of operations.  
     
   Accounts Receivable   
     
  Accounts receivable consist primarily of trade receivables, net of a valuation allowance for doubtful accounts.  
     
  The Company attempts to limit its exposure to losses on accounts receivable by monitoring the size and economic strength of its receivables, and whenever appropriate reflect a reserve for accounts that have been deemed potentially uncollectable.  Monitoring occurs on a regular basis and exposure is limited by the vetting process for customers.  
     
   Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   
     
  The Company extends credit to customers and other parties in the normal course of business. The Company regularly reviews outstanding receivables and provides for estimated losses through an allowance for doubtful accounts.  In evaluating the level of established reserves, the Company makes judgments regarding its customers' ability to make required payments, economic events and other factors.  As the financial condition of these parties change, circumstances develop or additional information becomes available, adjustments to the allowance for doubtful accounts may be required. When the Company determines that a customer may not be able to make required payments, the Company increases the allowance through a charge to income in the period in which that determination is made.  
     
   Property, Plant and Equipment   
     
  The Company accounts for property, plant and equipment at historical cost less accumulated depreciation. Historical cost includes all expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of fixed assets. Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount and are recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when there is the probability of future economic benefits. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they are incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:  
     
   Plant and machinery   10 to 20 years  
   Furniture and fixtures   10 to 17 years  
     
  The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate at least once a year. An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount.  
     
   Revenue Recognition   
     
  Revenue is recognized when the earning process is completed, the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer, which is generally the same day as delivery or shipment of the product, the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are incurred as a result of a revenue transaction are not included in revenues. The Company has no significant sales returns or allowances.  
     
   Income Taxes   
     
  The Company is a taxable entity and recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their   
 
 respective tax basis.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. The effect on the deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the year that includes the enactment date of the rate change.  A valuation allowance is used to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Interest and penalties associated with income taxes are included in selling, general and administrative expense. 
     
  A tax benefit from an uncertain position may be recognized if it is  more likely than not  that the position is sustainable, based upon its technical merits. The tax benefit of a qualifying position is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not recorded any tax benefits from uncertain tax positions.  
     
   Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share   
     
  The basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during a period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net income (loss), adjusted on an as if converted basis, by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus potential dilutive securities. There were $142,250 dilutive securities were outstanding as of September 30, 2016.  
     
   Stock-Based Compensation   
     
  The Company sometimes grants shares of stock for goods and services and in conjunction with certain agreements. These grants are accounted for based on the grant date fair values.  
     
   Subsequent Events   
     
  None.  
     
   New Accounting Pronouncements   
     
  There were various accounting standards and interpretations issued recently, none of which are expected to a have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, operations or cash flows.  
     
   Commitments and Contingencies    
      
  The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.   
      
  If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed.   
      
  Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows.    
      
   Risk and Uncertainties    
      
  The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the technology industries, including, but not limited to, litigation, development of new technological innovations and dependence on key personnel.   

Note 3     Going Concern and Liquidity Considerations   
     
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company has a loss from operations of $204,003 and had an accumulated deficit of $1,500,314.  The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31, 2016.  
     
  These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  
     
    Note 4     Intangibles   
     
  The $55,000 in Intangible ( Other assets ) consist primarily of tradenames, logos, LOI, and Business Development activities, which were acquired in the fourth quarter of 2015 from a related-party, Derrick Lefcoe.  Purchased intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually.  
     
    Note 5     Short-Term Borrowings   
     
  The Company has received funding from our sole officer and director and a non-related 3 rd  party, which has been used to fund the ongoing operations in the interim until permanent financing can be arranged.  As of September 30, 2016, the total amount borrowed was $11,550.00  
     
    Note 6     Long-Term Debt   
     
  On December 15, 2015, the Company resolved to cancel its acquisition of Chiurazzi Srl.  In return for cancelling the acquisition, the Company canceled its assumption of the secured note payable to Chiurazzi International LLC for $2,540,000.  In exchange for this cancellation of the agreement, the Company resolved to allow CI Holdings Inc. to maintain its interest in the 9,700,000 common shares already issued to it.   
     
    Note 7     Income Taxes   
     
  During the first quarter of 2016, The Company has been operating at a net operational loss the federal tax rates on income range 15% to 35% stagger at different income brackets.  Since the Company had a net operation loss, no tax provision for U.S. tax purposes was deemed necessary at this time.  
     
   Note 8               Equity   
     
  On January 13, 2016 the Company issued our sole officer and director 45,000,000 shares of our restricted Common stock in exchange for his services until the next Annual meeting.  
     
  On January 13, 2016 the Company issued our sole officer and director 55,000,000 shares in exchange for certain assets acquired by the Company, which make up the new business direction of the Company.  
     
  During the first quarter ending March 31, 2016 the Company exchanged $21,500 for 43,500,000 shares of its Common stock.   
     
  On May 30, 2016 the Company issued one of our Directors 50,000,000 shares of our restricted Common stock in exchange for his services until the next Annual meeting.  
     
  During the quarter ending September 30, 2016 the Company exchanged $55,000 for 55,000,000 shares of its Common stock.  
     
   Note 9              Related Party Transactions   
     
  The Company purchased 55 million shares of its restricted Common stock from Derrick Lefcoe our sole officer and director   
  In return for various intangible assets that consist primarily of tradenames, logos, LOI, and Business Development activities for both Metropolitan Dry Cleaners and TransAmerican Oil.  
 
    Note 9              Related Party Transactions (continued)   
     
  During the first Nine months of 2016 the Company s two Directors exchanged 81,000,000 shares of the Corporation restricted Common Stock for 4,050,000 shares of Series A Preferred stock.    
     
    Item 2.     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   
   FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     
   You should read the following description of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included in this report.   
     
  This Management Discussion and Analysis (MD A) contains  forward-looking statements , which represent our projections, estimates, expectations or beliefs concerning among other things, financial items that relate to management s future plans or objectives or to our future economic and financial performance. In some cases, you can identify these statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  plans ,  believe ,  will ,  anticipate ,  estimate ,  expect   project , or  intend , including their opposites or similar phrases or expressions. You should be aware that these statements are projections or estimates as to future events and are subject to a number of factors that may tend to influence the accuracy of the statements. These forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the events or plans of the Company will be achieved. You should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this MD A. Except as may be required under applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events after the date of this MD A or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  

Results of Operations   
     
   Overview   
     
  The first quarter of 2016 began with the Chiurazzi transaction being cancelled in December 2015 by the former director at the same time as he resigned and elected our current sole officer and director to his current positions.  The Company began at that moment engaging in the oil and dry cleaning industries, two sectors that are affected very differently by adverse local or global economic conditions.  
     
  The re-work of oil wells is a very cost effective way to enter the oil industry without heavy upfront drilling costs. By reworking oil wells a company can look to extract oil out of the ground at a rate of $9.00 to $15.00 per barrel.  The Company through its subsidiary TransAmerican Oil had engaged in an LOI to acquire and develop a 300-well lease located in the State of Kansas. The LOI was subsequently renegotiated in January 2016, however no further progress has been made on this transaction. The intellectual property for TransAmerican Oil was disposed of to an unrelated company with no cost basis.  
     
  The dry cleaning market is over $9 billion in annual revenue and there is not one dominant player in the market. The top 10 companies combined earn about $100 million annually in a market with over 35,000 locations spread across the country.  
     
  The Company has made significant progress with its planned dry cleaning operations under the brand name Metropolitan Dry Cleaners in the North Eastern United States. The decision, based on the size of the prospective operation, was to abandon the two smaller opportunities being explored in Florida, and devote all resources to this transaction.  
     
  EXAD established a new LLC, Metropolitan Dry Cleaners LLC. The LLC is designed to house any dry cleaning operations the company acquires or establishes. This continues to be the sole focus of Metropolitan Dry Cleaners LLC.  
     
  Metropolitan Dry Cleaners was approached by the prospective Seller in the North Eastern United States who was looking to effect an off-market transaction in August of 2016 to acquire a seven-unit environmentally friendly, perc free dry cleaning company that offers a multitude of additional services. Net cash flow from the operation in 2015 was over $250,000. The two companies have negotiated a transaction that would entail the Sellers remaining employed by the Company for a period of up to three years following the closing of the transaction.  
  A letter of Intent has been executed and the parties acknowledge a transaction of this size will take some to complete. Neither party is under any time constraint to complete the transaction, and both sides are looking to effect a smooth transfer of ownership with no disruption in daily operations.    
 
  The President of Metropolitan is in daily contact with the Sellers and has been working with them to upgrade their accounting software. The Seller uses a modern Point-of-Sale ( POS ) system, however their accounting software is out-of-date and cannot be easily transferred into a user friendly accounting software.  The two sides have been working together to setup new accounting protocols that will integrate the POS directly into the new accounting software, and finding a company that can transfer three (3) years  worth of data to the new accounting software. Metropolitan has reviewed all the information delivered by the Seller, as has their audit review team. Both feel once the data transfer issue has been resolved the audit can begin immediately.  
     
  The Sellers of the seven-unit operation have agreed that should any real estate be sold in the future; Metropolitan will have the right of first refusal to acquire the asset.  
  The Sellers have operated the facility for over 25 years and know where the opportunities are for expansion of their existing operation.  Collectively upon closing the planned expansion will be accomplished through the expansion of pick-up and drop-off services within the geographic coverage area served by the existing seven units, as well as developing additional processing services that will be offered to the local community. The transaction allows Metropolitan the opportunity to digitally expand through the re-branding of an existing dry cleaning app used by the Company, as well as expanding physical operations in a new region of the United States.  The revised corporate strategy further allows Metropolitan to use capital to more heavily market its brand name through, wrapped vehicles, billboards, online, direct marketing-to-consumer and drop centers, and loyalty programs to build its revenue base.  
  We incurred operating expenses of $204,003 for the Nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
     
  Our net gain through September 30, 2016 was $0.  
     
  The following table provides selected financial data about our company for the Nine months ended September, 2016, and the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively  

Limited Operating History; Need for Additional Capital   
     
  There is no historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance.  We are a development stage corporation and have not generated any revenues from operations.  We have no assurance that future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms.  If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations.  Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders.  
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
  We have minimal assets and have not achieved operating revenues since our inception.  We have depended on sales of equity securities to conduct operations.  
        
  Our cash balance at September 30, 2016, was $0.  
     
  Cash provided by financing activities for the period through September 30, 2016, was $11,550.   We do not have sufficient funds to implement our business plan and will seek alternative sources of funds and business opportunities.  
     
   Plan of Operation   
     
  Since December 16, 2015 the Company had been focused on two primary business models: the re-work of existing oil wells and dry cleaners, through two wholly owned subsidiary companies: TransAmerican Oil and Metropolitan Dry Cleaners respectively.  
     
  The Company began at that moment engaging in the oil and dry cleaning industries, two sectors that are affected very differently by adverse local or global economic conditions.  The Company has since abandoned the desire to enter into the Oil and Gas sector and has disposed of unused assets to a third party, so the company can concentrate on acquiring dry cleaners and other assets orientated operations to build shareholder value.  

The dry cleaning market is over $9 billion in annual revenue and there is not one dominant player in the market, the top 10 companies combined earn about $100 million annually in a market with over 35,000 locations spread across the country.    
     
  On September 14, 2016 the Company informed shareholders that it had executed a Letter of Intent (LOI) with the Seller to acquire the   seller of a   seven-unit environmentally friendly green dry cleaner   based in the North Eastern United States, and the parties have been working collaboratively to effect the transaction. The operation has revenue of over $800,000 currently and generated over $250,000 net income in 2015.    The operation will be re-branded under Metropolitan Dry Cleaners.     
   Once the acquisition is completed the revised corporate strategy allows Metropolitan to use capital to more heavily market its brand name through, wrapped vehicles, billboards, online, direct marketing-to-consumer and drop centers, and loyalty programs to build its revenue base.  
  EXAD has been in discussions with other companies in order to financially diversify its revenue base. The Company expects to make further announcements on this matter.  
     
  The Company currently has 15 million Authorized shares of Blank Check Preferred stock.  The Board of Directors felt it was necessary to create two classes of Preferred stock Series A and Series B.  Each class shall consist of 5 million shares each.  The Series A shall be used for Officers and Directors only, this class of Preferred shall have both Conversion and Voting rights attached to it.  Each class shall consist of 5 million shares each.  The Series A shall be used for Officers and Directors only, this class of Preferred shall have both Conversion and Voting rights attached to it.  Each share of Series A Preferred shall have the Right to convert in Common stock at the rate of 1 share of Preferred converts into 40 shares of Common stock, each share of Series A Preferred shall have voting rights equal to 40 votes per share. The Series A Preferred Stock may be converted into Common Stock except to the extent that, at the time of conversion, there are a sufficient number of Authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of Common Stock available to permit conversion.  Series B shall be used solely for the purpose of acquiring assets, this class of Preferred stock shall not have voting rights or be convertible into Common stock.  The Series B Preferred shall have a redemption feature which will allow the Company to purchase back the shares of Preferred B at the agreed upon terms with each party.  
     
  The Company is an  emerging growth company  ( EGC ), that is exempt from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Start-ups Act (the  JOBS Act ), that eases restrictions on the sale of securities; and increases the number of shareholders a company must have before becoming subject to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC s ) reporting and disclosure rules.  
     
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
  We have never entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements and have not formed any special purpose entities.  We have not guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities or entered into any options on non-financial assets.  
     
    ITEM 3.     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     
  Not applicable.  
     
    ITEM 4.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     
   Evaluation of Our Disclosure Controls   
     
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report (the  Evaluation Date ).  Based on this  evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us, required to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   
      
    Item 1.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     
  None  
      
    Item 2.     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
     
   Purchase Transaction.  As a result of the purchase transaction, we acquired our currently business strategies and supporting items in exchange for the issuance of 55,000,000 shares of our common stock to Derrick Lefcoe ( Seller ). The common stock issued to the Seller was not registered under the Securities Act but was issued in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as set forth in Section 4(2) thereof. The Seller acquired the securities for investment purposes without a view to distribution. Furthermore, it had access to information concerning the Company and our business prospects, there was no general solicitation or advertising for the sale of the securities, and the securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144.  
      
    Item 3.     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
     
  None.  
      
    Item 4.     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     
  Not Applicable.  
      
    Item 5.     OTHER INFORMATION   
     
  None  
     
       Item 6.     EXHIBITS   
   In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-Q, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements.  The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement.  These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the applicable agreement and:  
     
                   should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;    
      
                   have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement;    
      
                   may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and    
      
                   were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments.    
         
  Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and the Company s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov.  
  
   The following exhibits are included as part of this report:   

(2)      Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2012 as an exhibit, numbered as indicated above, to the Registrant s Form 8-K (file no. 333-174155), which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.    
      
   * Filed herewith.  

SIGNATURES   
     
  In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  
     
            EXPERIENCE ART AND DESIGN, INC.    
           (Registrant)    
                
    Date:  December 7, 2016       /s/ Derrick Lefcoe     
           Derrick Lefcoe    
           President and Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer    

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm

Exhibit No. 31.1   
      
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
   PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, Derrick Lefcoe, certify that:  
     
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Experience Art and Design, Inc.;  
     
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
     
     Date:  December 7, 2016       /s/ Derrick Lefcoe     
           Derrick Lefcoe    
           President and Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm

Exhibit No. 32.1   
      
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
   PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
      
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Experience Art and Design, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 that, to the undersigned s knowledge:  
     
  (1)  the Report of the Company filed today fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or (15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
     
   (2)    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.  
     
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
     
          Date:  December 7, 2016       /s/ Derrick Lefcoe     
           Derrick Lefcoe    
           President and Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-32>

