<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1124524_0001144204-16-134450_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3512658</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112543</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>239325</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>757906</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1602422</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>735484</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134450.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114180552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134450
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cryoport, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001124524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		IRS NUMBER:				880313393
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34632
		FILM NUMBER:		161996972

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17305 DAIMLER STREET
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 232-1900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17305 DAIMLER STREET
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRYOPORT SYSTEMS LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRYOPORT SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000923

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134450.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 v452252_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

  Washington, D.C. 20549   

Form 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

Commission File Number: 001-34632  

CRYOPORT, INC.   

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter)   

Nevada   
       88-0313393   

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   
     
          (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)   

17305 Daimler St.  

  Irvine, CA 92614  

  (Address of principal executive offices)

(949) 470-2300   

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No  
 x  

As of November
11, 2016 there were 17,599,028 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.    

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page    

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      3   

ITEM 1. Financial Statements  
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and at March 31, 2016   
      3   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      6   

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      18   

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      26   

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures   
      26   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
      27   

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings   
      27   

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors   
      27   

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      27   

ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      27   

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      27   

ITEM 5. Other Information   
      27   

ITEM 6. Exhibits   
      27   

SIGNATURES   
      28   

Cryoport, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Cryoport, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Cryoport, Inc. and Subsidiary   

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows   

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.   

Cryoport, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements   

  For the Six Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1. Management s Representation and Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by Cryoport, Inc. (the  Company ,  our 
or  we ) in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
for interim financial information, and pursuant to the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X promulgated by
the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes
required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statement presentation. However, the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate
to make the information presented not misleading. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting primarily of normal
recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. 

Operating results
for the six months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year.
The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
31, 2016. 

The Company has evaluated
subsequent events through the date of this filing, and determined that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition
in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements or disclosure in the notes thereto other than as disclosed in the
accompanying notes. 

Note 2. Nature of the Business  

Cryoport is the premier
provider of cryogenic logistics solutions to the life sciences industry through its purpose-built proprietary Cryoport Express  
 Shippers, Cryoportal  Logistics Management Platform, SmartPak II    Condition Monitoring System and
specialized cold chain logistics expertise. The Company provides leading edge end-to-end logistics solutions for temperature-sensitive
life science commodities, such as immunotherapies, stem cells, CAR-T cells and reproductive cells for clients worldwide. Leading
global companies, such as FedEx, UPS and DHL have each separately selected Cryoport as the preferred cryogenic logistics provider
for time- and temperature-sensitive biological material. Cryoport actively supports points-of-care, contract research organizations,
central laboratories, pharmaceutical companies, contract manufacturers and university researchers. 

The Company is a Nevada
corporation and its  common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market exchange under the
ticker symbol  CYRX.   

Going Concern   

The condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared using the accrual method of accounting in accordance with U.S. GAAP and have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of
business. We have sustained operating losses since our inception and have used substantial amounts of working capital in our operations.
At September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $119.3 million. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we used
cash in operations of $3.0 million and had a net loss of $6.1 million. 

We expect to continue
to incur substantial additional operating losses from costs related to the commercialization of our Cryoport Express   
Solutions and do not expect that revenues from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our funding requirements in the near term.
We believe that our cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016, the net proceeds from the October 2016 Tender Offer (See Note
8) and revenues generated from our services will be sufficient to sustain our planned operations into the second quarter of calendar
year 2017; however, we must obtain additional capital to fund operations thereafter and for the achievement of sustained profitable
operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We are currently working on
funding alternatives in order to secure sufficient operating capital to allow us to continue to operate as a going concern. 

Future capital requirements
will depend upon many factors, including the success of our commercialization efforts and the level of customer adoption of our
Cryoport Express    Solutions as well as our need to expand our operational infrastructure, including the additional
acquisition of Cryoport Express    Shippers and other equipment in response to our client s needs. We cannot
make any assurances that the sales ramp will lead to achievement of sustained profitable operations or that any additional financing
efforts will be successful. Management s inability to achieve significant revenue increases or to complete any future financing
will adversely impact our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Principles of Consolidation   

The condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Cryoport, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Cryoport Systems, Inc. All intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

Change in Fiscal Year End   

In September 2016,
the Company elected to change its fiscal year end from March 31 to a new fiscal year end of December 31. As a result of the change,
the Company s quarterly reporting periods will be comprised of the three calendar months ending March 31, June 30, September 30,
and December 31. Following the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company s next periodic report will
be filed on Form 10-K for the transition period from April 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016. 

Reclassification   

Certain prior period
financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of
the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from estimated amounts. The Company s significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts, recoverability of
long-lived assets, allowance for inventory obsolescence, deferred taxes and their accompanying valuations, and valuation of equity
instruments and conversion features. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company s
financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, related-party notes payable, accounts payable
and accrued expenses. The carrying value for all such instruments, except for related-party notes payable, approximates fair value
at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 due to their short-term nature. The difference between the fair value and recorded values
of the related-party notes payable is not significant. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers highly liquid investments
with original maturities of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. 

Customers    

The Company grants
credit to many of its customers and does not require collateral. The Company generally requires advance or credit card payments
for initial revenues from new customers. The Company s ability to collect receivables is affected by economic fluctuations
in the geographic areas and industries served by the Company. Reserves for uncollectible amounts are provided based on past experience
and a specific analysis of the accounts, which management believes is sufficient. Accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016 are net of reserves for doubtful accounts of $30,000 and $22,100, respectively. Although the Company expects to
collect amounts due, actual collections may differ from the estimated amounts. 

The Company s
customers are in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and life science industries. Consequently, there is a concentration of accounts
receivable within these industries, which is subject to normal credit risk. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, there was
one customer that accounted for 13.2% and 25.5% of net accounts receivable, respectively. No other single customer owed us more
than 10% of net accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. 

The Company has revenue
from foreign customers primarily in Europe, Japan, Canada, India and Australia. During the six months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company had revenues from foreign customers of approximately $583,200 and $421,100, respectively, which constituted
approximately 15.0% and 14.7% of total revenues, respectively. 

For the six months
ended September 30, 2016, there were no customers that generated over 10% of total revenues. For the six months ended September
30, 2015, there was one customer that accounted for 18.1% of total revenues. No other customer generated over 10% of total revenues
during the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

Inventories   

The Company s
inventories consist of packaging materials and accessories that are sold to customers. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
or current estimated market value. Cost is determined using the standard cost method which approximates the first-in, first-to-expire
method. Inventories are reviewed periodically for slow-moving or obsolete status. The Company writes down the carrying value of
its inventories to reflect situations in which the cost of inventories is not expected to be recovered. Once established, write-downs
of inventories are considered permanent adjustments to the cost basis of the obsolete or excess inventories. Raw materials and
finished goods include material costs less reserves for obsolete or excess inventories. The Company evaluates the current level
of inventories considering historical trends and other factors, and based on the evaluation, records adjustments to reflect inventories
at its net realizable value. These adjustments are estimates, which could vary significantly from actual results if future economic
conditions, customer demand, competition or other relevant factors differ from expectations. These estimates require us to make
assessments about future demand for the Company s products in order to categorize the status of such inventories items as
slow-moving, obsolete or in excess-of-need. These estimates are subject to the ongoing accuracy of the Company s forecasts
of market conditions, industry trends, competition and other factors. 

Property and Equipment   

The Company provides
engineered shippers to its customers and charges a fee in exchange for the use of the shipper. The Company s arrangements
are similar to the accounting standard for leases since they convey the right to use the shipper over a period of time. The Company
retains the title to the shipper and provides its customers the use of the shipper for a specific shipping cycle. At the culmination
of the customer s shipping cycle, the shipper is returned to the Company. As a result, the Company classifies the shippers
as property and equipment for the per-use shipper program used by its clients. 

Property and equipment
are recorded at cost. Cryogenic shippers and condition monitoring systems, which comprise of 39% and 35% of the Company s
net property and equipment balance at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively, are depreciated using the straight-line
method over their estimated useful lives of three years. Equipment and furniture are depreciated using the straight-line method
over their estimated useful lives (generally three to seven years) and leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term, whichever is shorter. Equipment acquired under capital leases
is amortized over the estimated useful life of the assets or term of the lease, whichever is shorter and included in depreciation
and amortization expense. 

Betterments, renewals
and extraordinary repairs that extend the lives of the assets are capitalized; other repairs and maintenance charges are expensed
as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization applicable to assets retired are removed from the accounts,
and the gain or loss on disposition is recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Intangible Assets   

Intangible assets
are comprised of patents and trademarks and software development costs. The Company capitalizes costs of obtaining patents and
trademarks, which are amortized, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of five years once the patent
or trademark has been issued. The Company capitalizes certain costs related to software developed for internal use. Software development
costs incurred during the preliminary or maintenance project stages are expensed as incurred, while costs incurred during the application
development stage are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software,
which is five years. Capitalized costs include purchased materials and costs of services including the valuation of warrants issued
to consultants. 

Long-lived Assets   

If indicators of impairment
exist, we assess the recoverability of the affected long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets
can be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows. If impairment is indicated, we measure the amount of such impairment
by comparing the fair value to the carrying value. We believe the future cash flows to be received from the long-lived assets will
exceed the assets  carrying value, and accordingly, we have not recognized any impairment losses through September 30, 2016. 

Deferred Financing Costs   

Deferred financing
costs represent costs incurred in connection with the issuance of notes payable and equity financings. Deferred financing costs
related to the issuance of debt are amortized over the term of the financing instrument using the effective interest method while
offering costs from equity financings are netted against the gross proceeds received from the equity financings. Offering costs
of $269,000 incurred for future financings as of September 30, 2016 are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in
the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Conversion Features   

If a conversion feature
of convertible debt is not accounted for as a derivative instrument and provides for a rate of conversion that is below market
value, this feature is characterized as a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ). A BCF is recorded by the Company as
a debt discount. The convertible debt is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF. The Company amortizes the discount to
interest expense over the life of the debt using the effective interest rate method. 

Preferred stock is
convertible to common stock at a rate of conversion that is below market value, therefore, this feature is characterized as a BCF.
The Company records this BCF as a discount to the preferred stock and accretes the discount to accumulated deficit as a deemed
dividend through the earliest conversion date or upon issuance if the preferred stock can be immediately converted 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts
for income taxes under the provision of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 740,  Income Taxes , or ASC 740. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, there were no unrecognized
tax benefits included in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets that would, if recognized, affect the effective
tax rates. 

Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred
tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. Based on the weight
of available evidence, the Company s management has determined that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax
assets will not be realized. Therefore, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets.
The Company s income tax provision consists of state minimum taxes. 

The Company s
policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company had no accrual
for interest or penalties on its condensed consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 and has not recognized
interest and/or penalties in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015. The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2016, the Company is
no longer subject to U.S. federal examinations for years before 2012 and for California franchise and income tax examinations for
years before 2011. However, to the extent allowed by law, the taxing authorities may have the right to examine prior periods where
net operating losses were generated and carried forward, and make adjustments up to the amount of the net operating loss carry
forward amount. The Company is not currently under examination by U.S. federal or state jurisdictions. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company provides
shipping containers to its customers and charges a fee in exchange for the use of the container. The Company s arrangements
are similar to the accounting standard for leases since they convey the right to use the containers over a period of time. The
Company retains title to the containers and provides its customers the use of the container for a specified shipping cycle. At
the culmination of the customer s shipping cycle, the container is returned to the Company. 

The Company recognizes
revenue for the use of the shipper at the time of the delivery of the shipper to the end user of the enclosed materials, and at
the time that collectability is reasonably certain. Revenue is based on gross amounts, net of discounts and allowances. 

The Company also provides
logistics support and management to some customers, which may include onsite logistics personnel. Revenue is recognized for these
services as services are rendered and at the time that collectability is reasonably certain. 

Accounting for Shipping and Handling
Revenue, Fees and Costs   

The Company classifies
amounts billed for shipping and handling as revenue. Shipping and handling fees and costs are included in cost of revenues in the
accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Expenditures relating to research and development
are expensed in the period incurred. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company accounts
for stock-based payments to employees and directors in accordance with stock-based payment accounting guidance which requires all
stock-based payments to employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options and warrants, to be recognized based
upon their fair values. The fair value of stock-based awards is estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model ( Black-Scholes ) and the portion that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as compensation cost over
the requisite service period. The determination of fair value using Black-Scholes is affected by the Company s stock price
as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables, including expected stock price volatility, risk-free
interest rate, expected dividends and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. 

Since stock-based
compensation is recognized only for those awards that are ultimately expected to vest, the Company has applied an estimated forfeiture
rate to unvested awards for the purpose of calculating compensation cost. These estimates will be revised, if necessary, in future
periods if actual forfeitures differ from estimates. Changes in forfeiture estimates impact compensation cost in the period in
which the change in estimate occurs. The estimated forfeiture rates at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 were zero as the Company
has not had a significant history of forfeitures and does not expect significant forfeitures in the future. 

Cash flows from the
tax benefits resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for options or warrants are classified
as financing cash flows. Due to the Company s loss position, there were no such tax benefits during the six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The Company s
stock-based compensation plans are discussed further in Note 7. 

Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
Goods or Services   

Issuances of the Company s
common stock for acquiring goods or services are measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of
the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date for the fair value of the equity instruments
issued to consultants or vendors is determined at the earlier of (i) the date at which a commitment for performance to earn
the equity instruments is reached (a  performance commitment  which would include a penalty considered to be of a magnitude
that is a sufficiently large disincentive for nonperformance) or (ii) the date at which performance is complete. When it is
appropriate for the Company to recognize the cost of a transaction during financial reporting periods prior to the measurement
date, for purposes of recognition of costs during those periods, the equity instrument is measured at the then-current fair values
at each of those interim financial reporting dates. 

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share    

We calculate basic
and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders using the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the periods presented, and adjust the amount of net income (loss) used in this calculation for deemed preferred
stock dividends and cumulative preferred stock dividends, whether they are earned or not during the period. In periods of a net
loss position, basic and diluted weighted average shares are the same. For the diluted earnings per share calculation, we adjust
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding to include dilutive stock options, warrants and shares associated with
the conversion of convertible debt and convertible preferred stock outstanding during the periods. As of September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016, the Company had no cumulative, undeclared, dividends that have not been accrued related to its preferred stock.
During the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, undeclared dividends totaling $0 and $447,900, respectively, were added
to the net loss on the condensed consolidated statements of operations in order to calculate net loss per share attributable to
common stockholders. 

The following shows the amounts used in computing net loss per
share for the three and six months ended September 30: 

The following table
sets forth the number of shares excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share, as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: 

Segment Reporting   

We currently operate in one reportable
segment and our Chief Executive Officer is the chief operating decision maker. 

Fair Value Measurements    

We measure fair value
based on the prices that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements are based on a three-tier hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used
to measure fair value. These tiers include the following: 

Level 1:  Quoted
prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. The fair
value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs. 

Level 2:  Observable
prices that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data. These inputs include quoted prices
for similar assets or liabilities; quoted market prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or
can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3:  Unobservable
inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3
inputs. 

In determining
fair value, we utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
to the extent possible, as well as consider counterparty credit risk in the assessment of fair value. 

We have no assets
or liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. 

Foreign Currency Transactions   

We record foreign
currency transactions at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction with resultant gains and losses being included
in results of operations. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been significant for any of the periods presented. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, the FASB
issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . ASU 2014-09
supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition . The ASU implements a five-step
process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards.
The amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows
from contracts with customers. Other major provisions include the capitalization and amortization of certain contract costs, ensuring
the time value of money is considered in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized
before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14 which deferred the
effective date by one year for public entities and others. The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2017 for public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans.
Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting
periods within that reporting period. Management has not selected a transition method and is currently assessing the impact the
adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the
FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern . Currently, there is no guidance in U.S.
GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to
continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing
standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every
reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s
plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s
plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment
for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in
this ASU are effective for the reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and early application is permitted. The Company
will apply the guidance and disclosure provisions of the new standard upon adoption in its December 31, 2016 consolidated financial
statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . The amendments in this update apply to inventory
that is measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost. They do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in,
first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. Other than the change in the subsequent measurement guidance from the lower of
cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value for inventory within the scope of this update, there are no other
substantive changes to the guidance on measurement of inventory. The amendments in this update more closely align the measurement
of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is currently assessing the impact the adoption of ASU
2015-11 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which provides for a comprehensive change to lease accounting. The new standard
requires that a lessee recognize a lease obligation liability and a right-to-use asset for virtually all leases of property, plant
and equipment, subsequently amortized over the lease term. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018, with a modified retrospective transition. Management is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on our
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  which simplifies several aspects
of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory
tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are effective
for the reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early application is permitted. Management is currently evaluating
the impact this standard will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Note 4. Related-Party Transactions  

As of September 30,
2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company had aggregate principal balances of $739,000 and $966,000, respectively, in outstanding unsecured
indebtedness owed to five related parties, including four former members of the Board of Directors, representing working capital
advances made to the Company from February 2001 through March 2005. 

Related-Party Notes Payable   

On March 1, 2016, we
entered into definitive agreements with Patrick Mullens, M.D., Maryl Petreccia and Jeffrey Dell, M.D. to amend and restate the
outstanding notes pursuant to certain Second Amended and Restated Promissory Notes dated as of February 29, 2016 (the  Amended
and Restated Notes ). As of September 30, 2016, the three note holders had outstanding principal balances of $358,500, $213,300
and $167,200, respectively. The Amended and Restated Notes increased the interest rate to 7% per annum, extended the term to April
1, 2017, and modified the repayment provisions to provide for (i) repayment on March 1, 2016 of the outstanding amount of interest
accrued through February 29, 2016, (ii) repayment of 10% of the original principal balance and accrued interest of such notes on
a quarterly basis commencing April 1, 2016, and (iii) payment of the remaining outstanding balance on April 1, 2017. In addition,
we issued such note holders warrants for the purchase of 11,910, 7,088, and 5,553 shares, respectively, of our common stock at
an exercise price of $1.88 per share, immediately exercisable and expiring on April 1, 2019. The Company also agreed to reimburse
up to $5,000 of legal fees incurred by the note holders. The relative fair value of the warrants issued in March 2016 of $26,900
was recorded as a debt discount and is being amortized to interest expense using the straight-line method which approximates the
effective interest method over the term of the related-party notes. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, $12,500 of
the debt discount was amortized to interest expense. 

One note issued to
Raymond Takahashi, M.D., was exchanged for (i) a new promissory note with an original principal amount equal to the outstanding
principal and interest of the original note, and (ii) a warrant to purchase 1,490 shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price of $6.00 per share, exercisable on February 20, 2015 and expiring on February 19, 2018. The new note, which as
of September 30, 2016 had an outstanding principal balance of $35,800, required interest payments on a calendar quarterly basis
and payment of all outstanding principal and accrued interest on the maturity date, which was March 1, 2016. On March 1, 2016,
we entered into a verbal agreement to extend the term of the related-party note to April 1, 2016. On April 1, 2016, we entered
into a definitive agreement to amend and extend the term of the note to July 1, 2016. The note was repaid on July 1, 2016. 

Related-party interest
expense under these notes was $28,100 and $28,900 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Accrued interest,
which is included in related-party notes payable in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, amounted to $13,000
and $6,100 as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. 

One note issued to
Marc Grossman, M.D., as amended, was repaid in monthly installments of $20,000, except for the month of June 2015, where the monthly
payment was $72,000. The note was repaid in full in April 2016. 

Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies

Facility and Equipment Leases    

We lease 27,600 square
feet of corporate, research and development, and warehouse facilities in Irvine, California under an operating lease expiring February
28, 2023, subject to our option to extend the lease for two additional five-year periods. The base rent is approximately $24,700
per month. This lease agreement contains certain scheduled annual rent increases which are accounted for on a straight-line basis.
We also lease certain office equipment which expires in March 2018. 

Employment Agreements    

We have entered into
employment agreements with certain of our officers under which payment and benefits would become payable in the event of termination
by us for any reason other than cause, or upon a change in control of our Company, or by the employee for good reason. 

Consulting and Engineering Services   

On September 16, 2015,
the Company entered into the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the  Purchase and Sale Agreement ), by and between KLATU
Networks, LLC ( KLATU ) and the Company. Pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company purchased from KLATU
certain intellectual property and intellectual property rights related to the Company s Cryoportal TM  logistics
management platform (the  Developed Technology ), which KLATU previously developed for and licensed to the Company
pursuant to the Master Consulting and Engineering Services Agreement, by and between KLATU and the Company, dated October 9, 2007
(as amended, the  Master Consulting and Engineering Services Agreement ). As full compensation for the sale and assignment
of the Developed Technology from KLATU to the Company, the Company paid KLATU an aggregate amount of $400,000 in two equal installments
of $200,000. 

Concurrently with entering
into the Purchase and Sale Agreement, on September 16, 2015, the Company and KLATU entered into the Amended and Restated Master
Consulting and Engineering Services Agreement (the  Amended and Restated Master Consulting and Engineering Services Agreement )
to amend and restate the Master Consulting and Engineering Services Agreement. The Amended and Restated Master Consulting and Engineering
Services Agreement provides a framework for KLATU to perform certain consulting, software and hardware engineering development
services as mutually agreed upon and further set forth in one or more Statements of Work (as defined in the Amended and Restated
Master Consulting and Engineering Services Agreement). To ensure the availability of KLATU personnel to perform services pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Master Consulting and Engineering Services Agreement, the Company agreed to pay KLATU a minimum of
$25,000 per month for services fees, which may be carried forward as advance payment for future services under certain conditions.
The initial term of the agreement is until December 31, 2017 and will thereafter automatically renew for subsequent one year terms,
unless notice of termination is given. 

Consulting fees for
services provided by KLATU were $141,700 and $66,200 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $224,400
and $140,500 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Litigation   

The Company may become
a party to product litigation in the normal course of business. The Company accrues for open claims based on its historical experience
and available insurance coverage. In the opinion of management, there are no legal matters involving the Company that would have
a material adverse effect upon the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Indemnities and Guarantees   

The Company has made
certain indemnities and guarantees, under which it may be required to make payments to a guaranteed or indemnified party, in relation
to certain actions or transactions. The guarantees and indemnities do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential future
payments the Company could be obligated to make. Historically, the Company has not been obligated nor incurred any payments for
these obligations and, therefore, no liabilities have been recorded for these indemnities and guarantees in the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company indemnifies
its directors, officers, employees and agents, as permitted under the laws of the States of California and Nevada. In connection
with its facility lease, the Company has indemnified its lessor for certain claims arising from the use of the facility. The duration
of the guarantees and indemnities varies, and is generally tied to the life of the agreement. 

Note 6. Stockholders  Equity   

Authorized Stock    

The Company has 50,000,000
authorized shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share which were increased in November 2015 from 20,833,333 authorized
shares upon approval from the Company s stockholders. 

In September 2011,
our stockholders approved an amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to authorize a class of undesignated
or  blank check  preferred stock, consisting of 2,500,000 shares at $0.001 par value per share. Shares of preferred stock
may be issued in one or more series, with such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions to be fixed by the Board of Directors.
In May 2014, the Company designated 800,000 shares of the authorized preferred stock as Class A Convertible Preferred Stock. In
February 2015, the Company designated 400,000 shares of the Company s authorized preferred stock as Class B Convertible Preferred
Stock. In April 2015, the Company increased the number shares of Class B Convertible Preferred Stock from 400,000 shares to 585,000
shares. 

Common Stock Issued for Services   

During the six months
ended September 30, 2016, 14,332 shares of common stock with a fair value of $30,300 were issued to two members of the board of
directors as compensation for services. 

Common Stock Reserved for Future
Issuance    

As of September 30,
2016, approximately 13.9 million shares of common stock were issuable upon conversion or exercise of rights granted under
prior financing arrangements, stock options and warrants, as follows: 

April 2016 Tender Offer   

On April 7, 2016, we
completed a tender offer with respect to certain warrants to purchase up to 2,448,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the
 April 2016 Tender Offer ). 

Pursuant to the April
2016 Tender Offer, warrants to purchase 2,020,597 shares of the Company s common stock were tendered by holders of warrants
and were amended (the  Amended Warrants ) and exercised in connection therewith, resulting in the issuance by the Company
of an aggregate of 2,020,597 shares of its common stock (the  Exercise Shares ) for aggregate gross proceeds of $2.5
million. 

The warrants of holders
who elected to participate in the April 2016 Tender Offer were amended to: (i) reduce the exercise price to $1.25 per share; and
(ii) shorten the exercise period to expire concurrently with the expiration date of April 7, 2016 (the  Expiration Date ).
In addition, such holders also agreed: (A) to not sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or
otherwise dispose of the Exercise Shares without the prior written consent of the Company for a period of sixty (60) days after
the Expiration Date (the  Lock-Up Period ); and (B) acting alone or with others, to not effect any purchases or sales
of any securities of the Company in any  short sales  as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or any type of direct and indirect stock pledges,
forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps,  put equivalent positions  (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h)
under the Exchange Act) or similar arrangements, or sales or other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or foreign regulated
brokers through the expiration of the Lock-Up Period. 

The Amended Warrants
also provide that, on or prior to June 30, 2016, the Company was required to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement
on Form S-1 covering resales of the Exercise Shares. In addition, the Company was required to use commercially reasonable efforts
to cause such registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC. The Company filed the Form S-1 on June 30, 2016, which
was declared effective on August 10, 2016. In connection with this offering, the Company incurred $279,000 in offering costs that
have been offset against the proceeds from this offering. 

As a result of reducing
the exercise price of certain warrants in connection with the April 2016 Tender Offer, a warrant repricing expense of $1.9 million
was incurred which was determined using the Black-Scholes method and was calculated as the difference between the fair value of
the warrants prior to, and immediately after, the reduction in the exercise price on the date of repricing. Such amount is included
in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended September 30, 2016. 

Rights Offering   

On June 20, 2016, we
completed a rights offering for gross proceeds of $1.3 million in subscriptions (including both basic and oversubscriptions) for
841,873 shares of common stock. 

The rights offering
was made through a distribution of non-transferable subscription rights to purchase one share of common stock for $1.55, which
was 85% of the volume weighted average price per share of our common stock on NASDAQ for the five consecutive trading days immediately
preceding and including May 31, 2016. The subscription rights were distributed to holders of our common stock and holders of our
warrants as of the record date, May 31, 2016. 

Under the terms of
the offering, rights holders had the ability to oversubscribe, which entitled each rights holder that exercised their basic subscription
privilege in full the right to purchase additional shares of common stock that remained unsubscribed at the expiration of the rights
offering. In connection with this offering, the Company incurred $306,600 in offering costs that have been offset against the proceeds
from this offering. 

Note 7. Stock-Based Compensation

Warrant Activity    

We typically issue
warrants to purchase shares of our common stock to investors as part of a financing transaction or in connection with services
rendered by placement agents and consultants. Our outstanding warrants expire on varying dates through November 2021. A summary
of warrant activity is as follows: 

(1)  Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the warrant and
the closing market price of our common stock on September 30, 2016, which was $1.97 per share.   

During the six months
ended September 30, 2016, the fair value of each warrant grant was estimated on the date of grant using Black-Scholes with the
following assumptions: 

The intrinsic value
of the warrants repriced and exercised during the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.9 million. 

Stock Options

We have four stock
incentive plans: the 2002 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2002 Plan ), the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2009 Plan ),
the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2011 Plan ) and the 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ),
(collectively, the  Plans ). The 2002 Plan, the 2009 Plan, and the 2011 Plan (the  Prior Plans ) have been
superseded by the 2015 Plan. In October 2015, the stockholders approved the 2015 Plan for 5,000,000 shares. The Prior Plans will
remain in effect until all awards granted under such Prior Plans have been exercised, forfeited, cancelled, or have otherwise expired
or terminated in accordance with the terms of such awards, but no awards will be made pursuant to the Prior Plans after the effectiveness
of the 2015 Plan. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 2,263,191 shares available for future awards under the 2015 Plan. 

We granted stock options
at exercise prices equal to or greater than the quoted market price of our common stock on the grant date. The fair value of each
option grant was estimated on the date of grant using Black-Scholes with the following weighted average assumptions: 

The expected option
life assumption is estimated based on the simplified method. Accordingly, the Company has utilized the average of the contractual
term of the options and the weighted average vesting period for all options to calculate the expected option term. The risk-free
interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the expected term of our employee stock options.
The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock commensurate with the expected life of the stock-based
award. We do not anticipate paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We recognize stock-based
compensation cost over the vesting period using the straight-line single option method. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized
only for those awards that are ultimately expected to vest. An estimated forfeiture rate has been applied to unvested awards for
the purpose of calculating compensation cost. The estimated forfeiture rate of 0% per year is based on the historical forfeiture
activity of unvested stock options. These estimates are revised, if necessary, in future periods if actual forfeitures differ from
the estimates. Changes in forfeiture estimates impact compensation cost in the period in which the change in estimate occurs. 

A summary of stock
option activity is as follows:   

(1)  Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the option and
the closing market price of our common stock on September 30, 2016, which was $1.97 per share.   

As of September 30,
2016, there was unrecognized compensation expense of $7.5 million related to unvested stock options, which we expect to recognize
over a weighted average period of 2.7 years. 

Note 8. Subsequent Event  

October 2016 Tender Offer    

On October 28, 2016,
we completed a tender offer (the  October 2016 Tender Offer ) to holders of the Company s outstanding warrants
to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $3.57 per share ( Original Warrants ) to exchange up
to 5,000,000 of such Original Warrants for (1) an equal number of warrants to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise
price of $1.50 per share ( New Warrants ), conditioned upon the immediate exercise of such New Warrants, and (2) one
warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share for every four New Warrants exercised ( Supplemental
Warrants ). 

The Supplemental Warrants
are exercisable upon issuance and expire on the earlier of (i) October 28, 2019 and (ii) the thirtieth (30th) day after the date
that the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds $4.50 for ten consecutive trading days. The Supplemental
Warrants will have a cashless exercise right in the event that the Supplemental Warrant Shares are not covered by an effective
registration statement at the time of such exercise. 

Pursuant to the October
2016 Tender Offer, warrants to purchase 2,470,913 Original Warrants were tendered, resulting in the issuance by the Company of
an aggregate of 2,470,913 shares of its common stock and 617,695 Supplemental Warrants to the Original Warrant holders for aggregate
gross proceeds to the Company of approximately $3.7 million. 

The New Warrants,
which have a lower exercise price than the Original Warrants, and the Supplemental Warrants are treated as an inducement to enter
into the October 2016 Tender Offer. As such, the difference between the actual fair value of the Original Warrants as of the date
of their exchange and the actual fair value of the New Warrants and the fair value of the Supplemental Warrants will be recorded
as an incentive expense in the quarter ending December 31, 2016, with an offsetting entry to additional paid-in-capital. The fair
value of the Original Warrants exchanged, the New warrants and the Supplemental Warrants will be determined using the Black-Scholes
pricing model as of the closing date of October 28, 2016. This offer does not modify the current accounting treatment for the Original
Warrants that were not tendered in the October 2016 Tender Offer. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

In this Form 10-Q,
the terms  Cryoport ,  Company  and similar terms refer to Cryoport, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiary,
Cryoport Systems, Inc.  

SAFE HARBOR FOR FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS:  

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that have been made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and concern matters that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by terminology
such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   expect,   plan, 
 anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential,   continue 
or similar words which are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain
these words. Although we believe that our opinions and expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
as of the date of this Quarterly Report, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements, and
our actual results may differ substantially from the views and expectations set forth in this Quarterly Report. You should be aware
that these statements are projections or estimates as to future events and are subject to a number of factors that may tend to
influence the accuracy of the statements. These forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by the
Company or any other person that the events or plans of the Company will be achieved. You should not unduly rely on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to publicly
revise any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events after the date of this Quarterly Report or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events. You should, however, review the factors and risks we describe in the reports we file from time
to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including those contained in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on June 28, 2016 and those reports filed after the date of
this Quarterly Report. Actual results may differ materially from any forward looking statement.  

The following management s
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations ( MD A ) should be
read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and the consolidated balance
sheet as of March 31, 2016 (audited) and the related unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and
six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and
the related notes thereto (see Item 1. Financial Statements), as well as the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Company as of March 31, 2016 and 2015 and for the years then ended included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.  

General Overview  

Overview  

We provide cryogenic
logistics solutions to the life sciences industry through a combination of proprietary packaging, information technology and specialized
cold chain logistics knowhow. We view our solutions as disruptive to the  older technologies  of dry ice and liquid
nitrogen, in that our solutions are comprehensive and combine our competencies in configurations that are customized to our client s
requirements. We provide comprehensive, reliable, economic alternatives to all existing logistics solutions and services utilized
for frozen shipping in the life sciences industry (e.g., personalized medicine, cell therapies, stem cells, cell lines, vaccines,
diagnostic materials, semen, eggs, embryos, cord blood, bio-pharmaceuticals, infectious substances, and other commodities that
require continuous exposure to cryogenic or frozen temperatures). As part of our services we provide the ability to monitor, record
and archive crucial information for each shipment that can be used for scientific and regulatory purposes. 

Our Cryoport Express   
Solutions include a sophisticated cloud-based logistics operating platform, which is branded as the Cryoportal . The Cryoportal 
supports the management of the entire shipment and logistics process through a single interface, including initial order input,
document preparation, customs clearance, courier management, shipment tracking, issue resolution, and delivery. In addition, it
provides unique and incisive information dashboards and validation documentation for every shipment. The Cryoportal  records
and retains a fully documented  chain-of-custody  and, at the client s option,  chain-of-condition 
for every shipment, helping ensure that quality, safety, efficacy, and stability of shipped commodities are maintained throughout
the process. This recorded and archived information allows our clients to meet exacting requirements necessary for scientific work
and for proof of regulatory compliance during the logistics phase. 

The branded packaging
for our Cryoport Express    Solutions includes our liquid nitrogen dry vapor shippers, the Cryoport Express   
Shippers. The Cryoport Express    Shippers are engineered shippers that can consist of cost-effective and reusable
cryogenic transport shippers, which utilizes an innovative application of  dry vapor  liquid nitrogen ( LN2 )
technology and SmartPak condition Monitoring Systems. Cryoport Express    Shippers are International Air Transport
Association ( IATA ) certified and validated to maintain stable temperatures of minus 150  C and below for a 10-day
dynamic shipment period. The Company currently features three Cryoport Express    Shippers: the Standard Dry Shipper
(holding up to 75 2.0 ml vials), the High Volume Dry Shipper (holding up to 500 2.0 ml vials) and Cryoport Express   
CXVC1 Shipper (holding up to 1,500 2.0 ml vials). In addition, we assist clients with internal secondary packaging (e.g., vials,
canes, straws and plates). 

Our most used solution
is the  turnkey  solution, which can be accessed directly through our cloud-based Cryoportal  or by contacting
Cryoport Client Care for order entry. Once an order is placed and cleared, we ship a fully charged Cryoport Express    Shipper
to the client who conveniently loads its frozen commodity into the inner chamber of the Cryoport Express  Shipper. The customer
then closes the shipper package and reseals the shipping box displaying the next recipient s address ( Flap A )
for pre-arranged carrier pick up. Cryoport arranges for the pick-up of the parcel by a shipping service provider, which is designated
by the client or chosen by Cryoport, for delivery to the client s intended recipient. The recipient simply opens the shipper
package and removes the frozen commodity that has been shipped. The recipient then reseals the package, displaying the nearest
Cryoport Staging Center address, making it ready for pre-arranged carrier pick-up. When the Cryoport Staging Center receives the
Cryoport Express    Shipper, it is cleaned, put through quality assurance testing, and returned to inventory for reuse. 

In late 2012, we shifted
our focus to become a comprehensive cryogenic logistics solutions provider. Recognizing that clients in the life sciences industry
have varying requirements, we unbundled our technologies, established customer facing solutions and took a consultative approach
to the market. Today, in addition to our standard  Turn-key Solution,  described above, we also provide the following
customer facing, value-added solutions to address our various clients  needs: 

Customer Staged
Solution  ,  designed for clients making 50 or more shipments per month. Under this solution, we supply an inventory
of our Cryoport Express    Shippers to our customer, in an uncharged state, enabling our customer (after training/certification)
to charge them with liquid nitrogen and use our Cryoportal  to enter orders with shipping and delivery service providers
for the transportation of the package.  

Customer Managed
Solution  ,  a limited customer implemented solution, whereby we supply our Cryoport Express    Shippers
to clients in a fully charged state, but leaving it to the client to manage the shipping, including the selection of the shipping
and delivery service provider and the return of the shipper to us.  

powered by Cryoport   SM , 
available to providers of shipping and delivery services who seek to offer a  branded  cryogenic logistics solution
as part of their service offerings, with   powered by Cryoport SM    appearing prominently on the offering
software interface and packaging. This solution can also be private labeled upon meeting certain requirements, such as minimum
required shipping volumes.  

Integrated Solution,   
which is our total outsource solution. It is our most comprehensive solution and involves our management of the entire cryogenic
logistics process for our client, including Cryoport employees at the client s site to manage the client s cryogenic
logistics function in total.  

Regenerative
Medicine Point-of-Care Repository Solution,    designed for allogeneic therapies. In this solution we supply our Cryoport
Express    Shipper to ship and store cryogenically preserved life science products for up to six days (or longer
periods with supplementary shippers) at a point-of-care site, with the Cryoport Express    Shipper serving as a temporary
freezer/repository enabling the efficient and effective distribution of temperature sensitive allogeneic cell-based therapies
without the expense, inconvenience, and potential costly failure of an on-sight, cryopreservation device.  

Personalized
Medicine and Cell-based Immunotherapy Solution,    designed for autologous therapies.  In this solution
our Cryoport Express    Shipper serves as an enabling technology for the safe transportation of manufactured autologous
cellular-based immunotherapy market by providing a comprehensive logistics solution for the verified chain of custody and condition
transport from, (a) the collection of the patient s cells in a hospital setting, to (b) a central processing facility where
they are manufactured into a personalized medicine, to (c) the safe, cryogenically preserved return of these irreplaceable cells
to a point-of-care treatment facility.  If required, the Cryoport Express    Shipper can then serve as
a temporary freezer/repository to allow the efficient distribution of this personalized medicine to the patient when and where
the medical provider needs it most without the expense, inconvenience, and potential costly failure of an on-sight, cryopreservation
device.  

Cryoport is continuously
expanding its solutions offerings in response to its customers  needs. 

In April 2016, Cryoport
launched its Temperature Controlled Logistics Consulting Division to assist life sciences companies in developing strategies for
global cold chain logistics management and contingency options to protect their valuable, and often irreplaceable, biological commodities.
The launch of Cryoport s Temperature Controlled Logistics Consulting Division addresses the demand created by the worldwide
advances in cellular based therapies, including immunotherapies, stem cells and CAR T-cells. Cell-based immunotherapies are causing
broad shifts and challenges for the life sciences industry, including how to obtain, properly store and transport the growing number
of new, individualized, temperature sensitive therapies. Improper temperature maintenance or temperature excursions during any
portion of a logistics cycle can adversely affect the viability of these biologically based commodities. Consequently, strategic,
global logistics planning for cryogenic cold chain solutions has taken on a strategic importance to the life sciences industry
and a rapidly growing demand for consulting expertise. 

In June 2016, Cryoport
further broadened its capabilities and solutions offerings beyond cryogenic logistics and transportation services to include temperature-controlled
storage solutions that include cGMP compliant biorepositories at controlled temperatures and climatized systems. Cryoport Biostorage
services feature extensive management and monitoring, including controlled access to commodities, periodic temperature and activity
reports, as well as 21 CFR, Part II compliant monitoring with 24/7/365 alarm response. 

Also in June 2016,
Cryoport announced a new Laboratory Relocation Service, for transport of complete laboratories. The Laboratory Relocation Service
manages the safe, secure and proper transportation of materials that are stored in labs as well as lab equipment and instruments.
Relocation projects can range in size from the relocation of a fully equipped lab to the move of a single freezer. 

Strategic Logistics Alliances  

We have sought to establish
strategic alliances as a long-term method of marketing our solutions providing minus 150  Celsius shipping condition to the
life sciences industry. We have focused our efforts on leading companies in the logistics services industry as well as participants
in the life sciences industry. In connection with our alliances with providers of shipping services, we refer to their offerings
as  powered by Cryoport SM   to reflect our solutions being integrated into our alliance partner s services. 

Cryoport now serves
and supports the three largest integrators in the world, responsible for over 85% of worldwide airfreight, with its advanced cryogenic
logistics solutions for life sciences. We operate with each independently and confidentially in support of their respective market
and sales strategies. We maintain our independent partnerships with strict confidentiality guidelines within the Company. These
agreements represent a significant validation of our solutions and the way we conduct our business. 

FedEx . 
In January 2013, we entered into a master agreement with Federal Express Corporation ( FedEx ) (the  FedEx Agreement )
renewing these services and providing FedEx with a non-exclusive license and right to use a customized version of our Cryoportal TM 
for the management of shipments made by FedEx customers. The FedEx Agreement became effective on January 1, 2013 and was amended
in December 2015 to extend the initial term for an additional three years, expiring on December 31, 2018. FedEx has the right to
terminate this agreement at any time for convenience upon 180 days  notice. 

Under our FedEx Agreement,
we provide frozen shipping logistics services through the combination of our purpose-built proprietary technologies and turnkey
management processes. FedEx markets and sells Cryoport s services for frozen temperature-controlled cold chain transportation
as its FedEx    Deep Frozen Shipping Solution on a non-exclusive basis and at its sole expense. As part of the solution,
Cryoport has developed a FedEx branded version of the Cryoportal TM  software platform, which is  powered by Cryoport SM  
for use by FedEx and its customers, giving them access to the full capabilities of our cloud-based logistics management software
platform. 

DHL.  
In June 2014, we entered into a master agreement with LifeConEx, a part of DHL Global Forwarding ( DHL ). DHL has enhanced
its cold chain logistics offerings to its life sciences and healthcare customers with Cryoport s validated cryogenic solutions.
DHL offers Cryoport s cryogenic solutions through its worldwide Thermonet network of Certified Life Sciences Stations under
the DHL brands as   powered by Cryoport SM   . In addition, DHL s customers have direct access
to our cloud-based order entry and tracking portal to order Cryoport Express    Solutions and receive preferred DHL
shipping rates and discounts. Our proprietary logistics management operating platform, the Cryoportal TM , is integrated
with DHL s tracking and billing systems to provide DHL life sciences and healthcare customers with a seamless way of accessing
critical information regarding shipments of biological material worldwide. 

UPS . 
In October 2014, we added United Parcel Services, Inc. ( UPS ) as our third major distributor by entering into an agreement
with UPS Oasis Supply Corporation, a part of UPS, whereby UPS offers our validated and comprehensive cryogenic solutions to its
life sciences and healthcare customers on a global basis. Over the course of rolling out our new relationship with UPS, UPS customers
will have direct access to our cloud-based order entry and tracking portal to order Cryoport Express    Solutions
and gain access to UPS s broad array of domestic and international shipping and logistics solutions at competitive prices.
Our proprietary logistics management operating platform, the Cryoportal TM , is integrated with UPS s tracking and
billing systems to provide UPS life sciences and healthcare customers with a seamless way of accessing critical information regarding
shipments of biological material worldwide. 

Worthington Industries.  
In April 2016, we signed a strategic partnership with Worthington Industries, a maker of cryogenic storage vessels and equipment.
Through this partnership, Worthington s CryoScience by Taylor Wharton business will design and manufacture biostorage and
logistics equipment for use in Cryoport s life sciences cryogenic logistics solutions. With the added competencies Worthington s
CryoScience by Taylor Wharton brings to Cryoport, we can concentrate on further advancing and expanding our cold chain solutions
to meet the growing and varied demands for validated cryogenic logistics solutions in the life sciences market. Working in tandem
with Worthington allows Cryoport to meet the demands of a more diverse clientele through a broader offering, which in turn increases
our revenue opportunity as well as provides us the opportunity to rapidly scale to support our clients commercialization activities. 

Pacific Bio-Material
Management.     Through a strategic partnership with Pacific Bio-Material
Management, Inc. ( PBMMI ) entered into in May 2016, Cryoport now offers storage solutions that include cGMP compliant
biorepositories at controlled temperatures and climatized systems with effective redundancies such as back-up freezers and power.
Cryoport Biostorage services features extensive management and monitoring, including controlled access to commodities, periodic
temperature and activity reports, as well as 21 CFR, Part 11 compliant monitoring with 24/7/365 alarm response. 

Cryoport s Positioning in the
Life Sciences Industry  

Life sciences technologies
are expected to have a significant impact on global society over the next 25 years. In the United States alone, the life sciences
industry is made up of 6,000 identifiable establishments. However, the industry is growing globally in a way where research and
manufacturing pipelines span across the globe, which increases the need to mitigate logistics risk. 

The total cold chain
logistics market has historically grown 70% faster per annum than the total logistics market. For 2011, global cold chain logistics
transportation costs were reported to be $7.2 billion; about $1.5 billion within the cryogenic range of requirements. By 2017,
transportation cost alone, for global life sciences cold chain logistics, is forecasted to grow to $9.3 billion, a 41% increase,
and twice the growth of the overall market. 

In addition, with the
recent advancements in the development of biologics and cell-based therapies, scientists, intermediaries, and manufacturers require
the means for cryogenically transporting their work. Temperatures must be maintained below the  glass point  (generally,
minus 136 C) while shipping these therapies to ensure that the shipped specimens are not subject to degradation that could
impact the characteristics and efficacy of those specimens. 

While we estimate that
our solutions currently offer comprehensive and technology-based monitoring and tracking for a potential of six to seven million
deep frozen shipments globally on an annual basis, we also believe that with investment in our services, adaptations of our solutions
can be applied to a large portion of an additional fifty-five to sixty million annual shipments requiring ambient (between 20 
and 25 C), chilled (between 2  and 8 C) or frozen (minus 10 C or less) temperatures. 

Cryoport s clients
include companies and institutions that require reliable cryogenic logistics solutions such as therapy developers for personalized
medicine, bio-pharmaceuticals, research, contract research organizations, diagnostic laboratories, contract manufacturers, cord
blood repositories, vaccine manufacturers, animal husbandry related companies, and in-vitro fertilization clinics. 

Life Sciences Agreements  

Zoetis.  In December 2012,
we signed an agreement with Pfizer Inc. relating to Zoetis Inc. (formerly the animal health business unit of Pfizer Inc.) pursuant
to which we were engaged to manage frozen shipments of a key poultry vaccine. Under this arrangement, Cryoport provides on-site
logistics personnel and its logistics management operating platform, the Cryoportal TM  to manage shipments from the Zoetis
manufacturing site in the United States to domestic customers as well as various international distribution centers. As part of
our logistics management services, Cryoport is constantly analyzing logistics data and processes to further introduce economies
and reliability throughout the network, ensuring products arrive at their destinations in specified conditions, on-time and with
the optimum utilization of resources. The Company manages Zoetis  total fleet of dewar flask shippers used for this purpose,
including liquid nitrogen shippers. In July 2013 the agreement was amended to expand Cryoport s scope to manage all logistics
of Zoetis  key frozen poultry vaccine to all Zoetis  international distribution centers as well as all domestic shipments.
In October 2013, the agreement was further amended to further expand Cryoport s role to include the logistics management
for a second poultry vaccine. In September 2015, the agreement was further amended and extended through September 2018, subject
to certain termination and extension provisions. 

In summary, we serve
the life sciences industry with cryogenic logistics solutions that are advanced, comprehensive, reliable, validated, and efficient.
Our clients include those companies and institutions that have logistics requirements for personalized medicine, immunotherapies,
stem cells, cell lines, tissue, vaccines, in-vitro fertilization, cord blood and other temperature sensitive commodities of life
sciences. 

Recent Developments  

April 2016 Tender Offer   

On April 7, 2016, we
completed our tender offer with respect to certain warrants to purchase up to 2,448,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the
 April 2016 Tender Offer ). 

Pursuant to the April
2016 Tender Offer, warrants to purchase 2,020,597 shares of the Company s common stock were tendered by holders of warrants
and were amended (the  Amended Warrants ) and exercised in connection therewith, resulting in the issuance by the Company
of an aggregate of 2,020,597 shares of its common stock (the  Exercise Shares ) for aggregate gross proceeds of $2.5
million. 

The warrants of holders
who elected to participate in the April 2016 Tender Offer were amended to: (i) reduce the exercise price to $1.25 per share; and
(ii) shorten the exercise period to expire concurrently with the expiration date of April 7, 2016 (the  Expiration Date ).
In addition, such holders also agreed: (A) to not sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or
otherwise dispose of the Exercise Shares without the prior written consent of the Company for a period of sixty (60) days after
the Expiration Date (the  Lock-Up Period ); and (B) acting alone or with others, to not effect any purchases or sales
of any securities of the Company in any  short sales  as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or any type of direct and indirect stock pledges,
forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps,  put equivalent positions  (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h)
under the Exchange Act) or similar arrangements, or sales or other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or foreign regulated
brokers through the expiration of the Lock-Up Period. 

The Amended Warrants
also provide that, on or prior to June 30, 2016, the Company was required to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement
on Form S-1 covering resales of the Exercise Shares. In addition, the Company was required to use commercially reasonable efforts
to cause such registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC. The Company filed the Form S-1 on June 30, 2016. In connection
with this offering, the Company incurred $279,000 in offering costs that have been offset against the proceeds from this offering. 

As a result of reducing
the exercise price of certain warrants in connection with the April 2016 Tender Offer, a warrant repricing expense of $1.9 million
was incurred which was determined using Black-Scholes and was calculated as the difference between the fair value of the warrant
prior to, and immediately after, the reduction in the exercise price on the date of repricing. Such amount is included in the condensed
consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended September 30, 2016. 

Rights Offering   

On June 20, 2016, we
completed our rights offering for gross proceeds of $1.3 million in subscriptions (including both basic and oversubscriptions)
for 841,873 shares of common stock. 

The rights offering
was made through a distribution of non-transferable subscription rights to purchase one share of common stock for $1.55, which
was 85% of the volume weighted average price per share of our common stock on NASDAQ for the five consecutive trading days immediately
preceding and including May 31, 2016. The subscription rights were distributed to holders of our common stock and holders of our
warrants as of the record date, May 31, 2016. 

Under the terms of
the offering, rights holders had the ability to oversubscribe, which entitled each rights holder that exercised their basic subscription
privilege in full the right to purchase additional shares of common stock that remained unsubscribed at the expiration of the rights
offering. In connection with this offering, the Company incurred $306,600 in offering costs that have been offset against the proceeds
from this offering. 

October 2016 Tender Offer    

On October 28, 2016,
we completed a tender offer (the  October 2016 Tender Offer ) to holders of the Company s outstanding warrants
to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $3.57 per share ( Original Warrants ) to exchange up
to 5,000,000 of such Original Warrants for (1) an equal number of warrants to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise
price of $1.50 per share ( New Warrants ), conditioned upon the immediate exercise of such New Warrants, and (2) one
warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share for every four New Warrants exercised ( Supplemental
Warrants ). 

The Supplemental Warrants
are exercisable upon issuance and expire on the earlier of (i) October 28, 2019 and (ii) the thirtieth (30th) day after the date
that the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds $4.50 for ten consecutive trading days. The Supplemental
Warrants will have a cashless exercise right in the event that the Supplemental Warrant Shares are not covered by an effective
registration statement at the time of such exercise. 

Pursuant to the October
2016 Tender Offer, warrants to purchase 2,470,913 Original Warrants were tendered, resulting in the issuance by the Company of
an aggregate of 2,470,913 shares of its common stock and 617,695 Supplemental Warrants to the Original Warrant holders for aggregate
gross proceeds to the Company of approximately $3.7 million. 

Results of Operations  

Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to three
months ended September 30, 2015:   

The following table summarizes certain
information derived from our condensed consolidated statements of operations: 

Total revenues  

Revenues . 
During the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, we generated revenues from customers in all of our target life sciences markets,
such as biopharma, animal health and reproductive medicine. Revenues increased $539,800 or 37.6% to $2.0 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily
driven by the continuing increase in the number of biopharmaceutical customers utilizing our services and frequency of shipments
compared to the prior year. Biopharmaceutical revenue continues to grow and increased by $553,100 or 63.5%, to $1.4 million for
the quarter compared to $871,000 in the same quarter last year. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, we added approximately
30 new biopharmaceutical clients and are now supporting approximately
100 clinical trials. This activity in the clinical trial space is
expected to drive future revenue growth as these clinical trials advance and resulting therapies are commercialized. Revenues in
the reproductive medicine market increased by 2.6% over the prior year. This increase was driven by a 27.7% increase in revenues
in the U.S. market through continued success of our targeted marketing campaigns and was partially offset by a 18.7% decrease in
revenues in the international markets as a result of regulatory uncertainties. Our revenues from animal health decreased 10.7%
over the prior year due to reduced shipping volumes and third-party freight charges being directly billed to one of our clients
compared to the prior year quarter. 

Gross
margin and cost of revenues.     Gross margin for the three months ended September 30,
2016 was 40.3% of revenues, as compared to 30.4% of revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gross
margin by almost ten percentage points is primarily due to the increased business volume and pricing adjustments combined with
a reduction in freight as a percentage of revenues and a decrease of fixed manufacturing costs. Our cost of revenues are primarily
comprised of freight charges, payroll and related expenses related to our operations center in California, third-party charges
for our European and Asian staging centers in Holland and Singapore, depreciation expenses of our Cryoport Express   
Shippers and supplies and consumables used for our solutions. The increase in cost of revenues is primarily due to freight charges
from the growth in shipments.   

General and administrative
expenses .  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $247,100 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
or 19.6% as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily due to increases in stock-based compensation
expense of $217,300, facility expenses of $50,300 related to our new headquarters in Irvine, California and an increase in salaries
and associated employee costs of $34,700 which was partially offset by a decrease in travel of $29,300 and a reduction in public
company and legal expenses of $25,700. 

Sales
and marketing.   Sales and marketing expenses increased $338,100 or 37.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.   This increase is primarily due to increases
in salaries and associated employee costs in the aggregate amount of $142,800 incurred to expand our sales and logistics force,
targeted marketing initiatives to support our sales efforts in the amount of $107,900, stock-based compensation expense of $31,600,
facility expenses of $24,300 related to our new headquarters in Irvine, California and increased travel expenses and trade shows
in the amount of $30,700.  

Research and development expenses . 
Research and development expenses increased $114,400 or 114.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase of $75,500 for development efforts that are
focused on further enhancing our cloud-based Cryoportal  Logistics Management Platform. In addition, salaries and associated
employee costs increased by $32,800 related to the addition of a research and development engineer. We continually improve and
expand the features of our Cryoport Express    Solutions and our efforts are directed towards facilitating the safe,
reliable and efficient shipment of life science commodities through innovative and technology-based solutions. We use an outside
software development company and other third parties to supplement our internal resources. 

Interest expense . 
Interest expense decreased $581,700 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 included amortization of the debt discount on the related-party
notes of $6,300 and the stated interest expense of $13,000. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2015 included
amortization of the debt discount on the related-party notes payable of $65,400, the related interest expense of $14,500 and the
fair value of the beneficial conversion feature of the related-party notes payable of $521,100. 

Other expense,
net  . The other expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to administrative charges and
foreign exchange losses on accounts receivable and payable invoices. 

Six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to six months
ended September 30, 2015:   

The following table summarizes certain
information derived from our condensed consolidated statements of operations: 

Total revenues  

Revenues . 
We generated revenues from customers in all of our target life sciences markets, such as biopharma, animal health and reproductive
medicine. Revenues increased $1.0 million or 35.8% to $3.9 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to
$2.9 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily driven by the continuing increase in the number
of biopharmaceutical customers utilizing our services and frequency of shipments compared to the prior year. Biopharmaceutical
revenue increased $1.0 million or 61.5%, to $2.7 million for the quarter compared to $1.7 million in the same quarter last year.
During the first six months of fiscal year 2017, we added approximately 58 new biopharmaceutical clients and supported approximately 100
clinical trials, of which 14 trials were in Phase III. This increased activity in the clinical trial space is expected to drive
future revenue growth as these clinical trials advance and resulting therapies are commercialized. Revenues in the reproductive
medicine market increased by 6.4% over the prior year period. This increase was driven by a 34.6% increase in revenues in the U.S.
market through continued success of our targeted marketing campaigns and was partially offset by a 15.5% decrease in revenues in
the international markets as a result of regulatory uncertainties. Our revenues from animal health decreased 13.1% over the prior
year due to reduced shipping volumes and third-party freight charges being directly billed to one of our clients compared to the
prior year quarter. 

Gross
margin and cost of revenues.     Gross margin for the six months ended September 30,
2016 was 40.5% of revenues, as compared to 32.2% of revenues for the six months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gross
margin by almost seven percentage points is primarily due to the increased business volume and pricing adjustments combined with
a reduction in freight as a percentage of revenues and a decrease of fixed manufacturing costs. Our cost of revenues are primarily
comprised of freight charges, payroll and related expenses related to our operations center in California, third-party charges
for our European and Asian staging centers in Holland and Singapore, depreciation expenses of our Cryoport Express   
Shippers and supplies and consumables used for our solutions. The increase in cost of revenues is primarily due to freight charges
from the growth in shipments.   

General and
administrative expenses .  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $535,200 for the six months ended September
30, 2016 or 22.3% as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily due to increases in stock-based
compensation expense of $439,200, facility expenses of $93,000 related to our new headquarters in Irvine, California and an increase
in salaries and associated employee costs of $42,900, which was partially offset by a decrease in travel of $22,200 and a reduction
in public company and legal expenses of $27,200. 

Sales
and marketing.   Sales and marketing expenses increased $649,100 or 36.4% for the six months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015.   This increase is primarily due to increases
in salaries and associated employee costs in the aggregate amount of $276,100 incurred to expand our sales and logistics force,
targeted marketing initiatives to support our sales efforts in the amount of $228,000, stock-based compensation expense of $58,400,
facility expenses of $50,700 related to our new headquarters in Irvine, California and increased travel expenses and trade shows
in the amount of $30,382.  

Research and development expenses . 
Research and development expenses increased $172,500 or 96.9% for the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the six
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase of $83,900 for development efforts that are focused
on further enhancing our cloud-based Cryoportal  Logistics Management Platform. In addition, salaries and associated employee
costs increased by $75,600 related to the addition of a research and development engineer. We continually improve and expand the
features of our Cryoport Express    Solutions, such as the recent development of our SmartPak II  advanced integrated
monitoring and communications system that tracks the key aspects of each shipment that could affect the quality and/or timing of
delivery of the commodity to its intended destination. Our efforts are directed towards facilitating the safe, reliable and
efficient shipment of life science commodities through innovative and technology-based solutions. We use an outside software development
company and other third parties to supplement our internal resources. 

Interest expense . 
Interest expense decreased $864,300 for the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the six months ended September
30, 2015. Interest expense for the six months ended September 30, 2016 included amortization of the debt discount on the related-party
notes of $12,500 and the stated interest expense of $28,100. Interest expense for the six months ended September 30, 2015 included
amortization of the debt discount on the related-party notes payable of $130,200, the related interest expense of $28,900, the
amortization of the debt discount on the notes payable of $221,400, related interest expense of $3,300 as well as the fair value
of the beneficial conversion feature of the related-party notes payable of $521,100. 

Warrant repricing
expense  . The warrant repricing expense of $1.9 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 resulted from the repricing
of certain warrants in the April 2016 Tender Offer completed in April 2016. 

Other expense,
net  . The other expense, net for the six months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to administrative charges and
foreign exchange losses on accounts receivable and payable invoices. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $2.6 million and working capital of $2.0 million. Historically, we have
financed our operations primarily through sales of our debt and equity securities. 

For the six months
ended September 30, 2016, we used $3.0 million of cash for operations primarily as a result of the net loss of $6.1 million offset
by non-cash expenses of $3.7 million primarily comprised of warrant repricing expense of $1.9 million, amortization of debt discounts,
stock-based compensation expense, and depreciation and amortization. Also contributing to the cash impact of our net operating
loss, excluding non-cash items, was an increase in prepaids and other current assets of $358,100 and a reduction in accounts payable
and other accrued expenses and accrued compensation of $228,700.   

Net cash used in
investing activities of $266,200 during the six months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the purchase of Cryoport
Express    CXVC1 Shippers, SmartPak II TM  monitoring systems and computer equipment. 

Net cash provided
by financing activities totaled $3.0 million during the six months ended September 30, 2016, and resulted from net proceeds from
the April 2016 Tender Offer of $2.2 million and net proceeds from the rights offering of $998,700 completed in June 2016, partially
offset by the repayment of related party notes of $227,000.  

The Company s
management believes that, based on its current plans and assumptions, the current cash on hand, together with projected cash flows,
will satisfy our operational and capital requirements into the second quarter of calendar year 2017. The Company s management
recognizes that the Company may need to obtain additional capital to fund its operations until sustained profitable operations
are achieved. Additional funding plans may include obtaining additional capital through equity and/or debt funding sources. The
Company currently anticipates that it will continue to raise additional capital to fund its short term operating expenses pursuant
to private placements similar to private placements the Company has conducted in the past. No assurance can be given that additional
capital, if needed, will be available when required or upon terms acceptable to the Company. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not applicable 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures.  

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the timelines specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily
was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

As required by Securities
and Exchange Commission Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Principal Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016
at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting.  

There were no changes
in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None 

ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS   

The risks described
in  Part I ,  Item 1A ,  Risk Factors , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31,
2016, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risk factors do
not identify all of the risks that we face. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could also be affected
by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. There have been no material changes
to the  Risk Factors  section included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

None 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not Applicable 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit   

Index   

31.1+  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2+  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1+  
       
      Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS+  
       
      XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH+  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.CAL+  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF+  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB+  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   

101.PRE+  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

+    Filed
herewith.  

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the
Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Cryoport, Inc.   

Dated: November 14, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Jerrell W. Shelton    

Jerrell W. Shelton   

Chief Executive Officer   

Dated: November 14, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Robert S. Stefanovich    

Robert S. Stefanovich   

Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452252_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Jerrell W. Shelton, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cryoport, Inc.   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;   

4.  
      The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Jerrell W. Shelton  

JERRELL W. SHELTON  

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452252_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Robert S. Stefanovich, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cryoport, Inc.   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;   

4.  
     
         The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are
        responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
        13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
        15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Robert S. Stefanovich  

ROBERT S. STEFANOVICH  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452252_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cryoport, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jerrell W. Shelton, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my
knowledge that: 

(1)  
     
         The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of
        Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
         of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Jerrell W. Shelton  

JERRELL W. SHELTON  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 14, 2016  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cryoport, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert S. Stefanovich, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge
that: 

(1)  
     
         The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of
        Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
         of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Robert S. Stefanovich  

ROBERT S. STEFANOVICH  

Chief Financial Officer  

November 14, 2016  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to Cryoport, Inc. and will be retained by Cryoport, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

This Certification is being furnished pursuant to Rule 15(d)
and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r), or otherwise subject
to the liability of that section. This Certification shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cyrx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cyrx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cyrx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cyrx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cyrx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cyrx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

