<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_706863_0000706863-16-000120_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10410434</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141110</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>482172</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3707700</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4551991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1323954</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>63</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000706863-16-000120.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109141753
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000706863-16-000120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION BANKSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000706863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				030283552
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15985
		FILM NUMBER:		161983659

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 667
		STREET 2:		20 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05661-0667
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8028886600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 667
		STREET 2:		20 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05661-0667

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000706863-16-000120.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 a93016unb10-q.htm
 BODY OF FORM 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
    
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (X) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  OR 
    
  (  ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended:    September 30, 2016    
    
  Commission file number: 001-15985 
    
  UNION BANKSHARES, INC. 

P.O. BOX 667 
  20 LOWER MAIN STREET 
  MORRISVILLE, VT 05661 
    
  Registrant s telephone number:      802-888-6600 
    
  Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: Not applicable 
    
  Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act: 
                         
    Common Stock, $2.00 par value 
      
    Nasdaq Stock Market 

(Title of class) 
      
    (Exchanges registered on) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes [X]      No [  ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes [X]      No [  ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                 Large accelerated filer [  ] 
    Accelerated filer [ X ] 
      Non-accelerated filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
  Yes [  ]      No [X] 
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of   October 29, 2016  : 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
  PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
                  Item 1. Financial Statements.  
      
       Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements Union Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary  
      
       Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      Page 1 
       Consolidated Statements of Income  
      Page 2 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
      Page 3 
       Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity  
      Page 4 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      Page 5 
       Notes to Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements  
      Page 7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
      Page 26 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
      Page 44 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  
      Page 44 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  
      Page 45 
      Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
      Page 45 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
      Page 45 
       Item 6. Exhibits.  
      Page 45 

Signatures  
      Page 46 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
  UNIO  N B  ANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

  See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 1 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 2 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015     (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 4 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (Unaudited) 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 5 

See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 6 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
    Basis of Presentation 
     The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Union Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary (together, the Company) as of   September 30, 2016  , and   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , have been prepared in conformity with GAAP for interim financial information, general practices within the banking industry, and the accounting policies described in the Company s  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  The Company's sole subsidiary is Union Bank.  In the opinion of the Company s management, all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments and disclosures necessary for a fair presentation of the information contained herein, have been made.  This information should be read in conjunction with the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K.  The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full fiscal year ending   December 31, 2016  , or any interim period. 
  Certain amounts in the   2015   consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the   2016   presentation. 
  The acronyms, abbreviations and capitalized terms identified below are used throughout this Form 10-Q, including Part I. "Financial Information" and Part II. "Other Information". The following is provided to aid the reader and provide a reference page when reviewing this Form 10-Q. 
                     AFS: 
    Available-for-sale 
    IRS: 
    Internal Revenue Service 
      ALCO: 
    Asset Liability Committee 
    MBS: 
    Mortgage-backed security 
      ALL: 
    Allowance for loan losses 
    MSRs: 
    Mortgage servicing rights 
      ASC: 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
    OAO: 
    Other assets owned 
      ASU: 
    Accounting Standards Update 
    OCI: 
    Other comprehensive income (loss) 
      Board: 
    Board of Directors 
    OFAC: 
    U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control 
      bp or bps: 
    Basis point(s) 
    OREO: 
    Other real estate owned 
      Branch Acquisition: 
    The acquisition of three New Hampshire branches in May 2011 
    OTTI: 
    Other-than-temporary impairment 
      CDARS: 
    Certificate of Deposit Accounts Registry Service of the Promontory Interfinancial Network 
    OTT: 
    Other-than-temporary 
      Company: 
    Union Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary 
    Plan: 
    The Union Bank Pension Plan 
      DRIP: 
    Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
    RD: 
    USDA Rural Development 
      FASB: 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
    RSU: 
    Restricted Stock Unit 
      FDIC: 
    Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
    SBA: 
    U.S. Small Business Administration 
      FHA: 
    U.S. Federal Housing Administration 
    SEC: 
    U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
      FHLB: 
    Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston 
    TDR: 
    Troubled-debt restructuring 
      FRB: 
    Federal Reserve Board 
    Union: 
    Union Bank, the sole subsidiary of  Union Bankshares, Inc 
      FHLMC/Freddie Mac: 
    Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
    USDA: 
    U.S. Department of Agriculture 
      GAAP: 
    Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States 
    VA: 
    U.S. Veterans Administration 
      HTM: 
    Held-to-maturity 
    2008 ISO Plan: 
    2008 Incentive Stock Option Plan of the Company 
      HUD: 
    U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development 
    2014 Equity Plan: 
    2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
      ICS: 
    Insured Cash Sweeps of the Promontory Interfinancial Network 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 7 

Note 2. Legal Contingencies 
  In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal and other proceedings. In the opinion of management, any liability resulting from such proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Note 3. Per Share Information 
  Earnings per common share are computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period and reduced for shares held in treasury.  The assumed conversion of outstanding exercisable stock options and restricted stock units does not result in material dilution and is not included in the calculation. 

Note 4. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities.   The ASU was issued to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more useful information for decisions. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for only one of the six amendments, otherwise it is not permitted. The Company is evaluating the potential impact of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  . The ASU was issued to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and liabilities (including operating leases) on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Previous lease accounting did not require the inclusion of operating leases in the balance sheet. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. The Company is evaluating the potential impact of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.    The ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (1) income tax consequences; (2) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and (3) classification on the statement of cash flows.  The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is evaluating the potential impact of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . Under the new guidance, which will replace the existing incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses, banks and other lending institutions will be required to recognize the full amount of expected     credit losses. The new guidance, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss model ("CECL"), requires that expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date that are accounted for at amortized cost be measured and recognized based on historical experience and current and reasonably supportable forecasted conditions to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses.   A modified version of these requirements also applies to debt securities classified as available for sale.  T  h  e ASU   i  s effec  ti  ve for     fisca  l years be  g  inn  i  n  g aft  er De  c  ember 15, 2019, in  c  lu  d  ing in  teri  m p  e  rio  ds w  i  t  hin   t  ho  se   fiscal   years.   Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within such years. The Company is evaluating the potential impact     of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  As a result of the 2011 Branch Acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill amounting to   $2.2 million  .  The goodwill is not amortizable.  Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually, in accordance with current authoritative accounting guidance.  Management assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company, in total, is less than its carrying amount.  Management is not aware of any such events or circumstances that would cause it to conclude that the fair value of the Company is less than its carrying amount. 
    
  The Company also recorded   $1.7 million   of acquired identifiable intangible assets in connection with the 2011 Branch Acquisition, representing the core deposit intangible which is subject to straight-line amortization over the estimated 10 year average life of the core deposit base, absent any future impairment.  Management will evaluate the core deposit intangible for impairment if conditions warrant. 
    
  Amortization expense for the core deposit intangible was   $43 thousand     for the three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   and was   $129 thousand     for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The amortization expense is included in other  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 8 

expenses on the consolidated statement of income and is deductible for tax purposes.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the remaining amortization expense related to the core deposit intangible, absent any future impairment, is expected to be as follows: 

Note 6. Investment Securities 
  Investment securities as of the balance sheet dates consisted of the following: 

Investment securities with a carrying amount of   $12.6 million   and   $25.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, were pledged as collateral for public deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 9 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities by contractual scheduled maturity as of   September 30, 2016   were as follows: 

Actual maturities may differ for certain debt securities that may be called by the issuer prior to the contractual maturity. Actual maturities usually differ from contractual maturities on agency MBS because the mortgages underlying the securities may be prepaid, usually without any penalties. Therefore, these agency MBS are shown separately and are not included in the contractual maturity categories in the above maturity summary. 
    
  Information pertaining to all investment securities with gross unrealized losses as of the balance sheet dates, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position, follows: 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 10 

The Company evaluates all investment securities on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic conditions warrant, to determine if an OTTI exists  .   A security is considered impaired if the fair value is lower than its amortized cost basis at the report date. If impaired, management then assesses whether the unrealized loss is OTT. 
    
  An unrealized loss on a debt security is generally deemed to be OTT and a credit loss is deemed to exist if the present value of the expected future cash flows is less than the amortized cost basis of the debt security.  The credit loss component of OTTI write-down is recorded, net of tax effect, through net income as a component of  net OTTI losses in the consolidated statement of income, while the remaining portion of the impairment loss is recognized in OCI, provided the Company does not intend to sell the underlying debt security and it is "more likely than not" that the Company will not have to sell the debt security prior to recovery. Declines in the fair values of individual equity securities that are deemed by management to be OTT are reflected in noninterest income when identified. 
    
  Management considers the following factors in determining whether OTTI exists and the period over which the security is expected to recover: 
             
    The length of time, and extent to which, the fair value has been less than the amortized cost; 
                
    Adverse conditions specifically related to the security, industry, or geographic area; 
                
    The historical and implied volatility of the fair value of the security; 
                
    The payment structure of the debt security and the likelihood of the issuer being able to make payments that may increase in the future; 
                
    Failure of the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest or principal payments; 
                
    Any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency; 
                
    Recoveries or additional declines in fair value subsequent to the balance sheet date; and 
                
    The nature of the issuer, including whether it is a private company, public entity or government-sponsored enterprise, and the existence or likelihood of any government or third party guaranty. 
       
  The Company has the ability to hold the investment securities that had unrealized losses at   September 30, 2016   for the foreseeable future and   no   declines were deemed by management to be OTT. 
    
  The following table presents the proceeds, gross realized gains and gross realized losses from the sale of AFS securities: 

Note 7.  Loans 
  Loans receivable that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported at their unpaid principal balances, adjusted for any charge-offs, the ALL, and any deferred fees or costs on originated loans and unamortized premiums or discounts on purchased loans. 
  Loan interest income is accrued daily on outstanding balances.  The following accounting policies, related to accrual and nonaccrual loans, apply to all portfolio segments and loan classes, which the Company considers to be the same.  The accrual of interest is normally discontinued when a loan is specifically determined to be impaired and/or management believes, after considering collection efforts and other factors, that the borrower's financial condition is such that collection of interest is doubtful. Generally, any unpaid interest previously accrued on those loans is reversed against current period interest income. A loan may be restored to accrual status when its financial status has significantly improved and there is no principal or interest past due. A loan may also be restored to accrual status if the borrower makes six consecutive monthly payments or the lump sum equivalent. Income on nonaccrual loans is generally not recognized unless a loan is returned to accrual status or after all principal has been collected. Interest income generally is not recognized on impaired loans unless the likelihood of further loss is remote. Interest payments received on such loans are generally applied as a reduction of the loan principal balance. Delinquency status is determined based on contractual terms for all portfolio segments and loan classes.  Loans past due 30 days or more are considered delinquent. Loans are considered in process of foreclosure when a judgment of foreclosure has been issued by the court. 
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 11 

Loan origination fees and direct loan origination costs are deferred and amortized as an adjustment of the related loan's yield using methods that approximate the interest method. The Company generally amortizes these amounts over the estimated average life of the related loans. 
  The loans purchased in the 2011 Branch Acquisition were initially recorded at   $32.9 million  , the estimated fair value at the time of purchase.  The estimated fair value contains both accretable and nonaccretable components.  The accretable component is amortized as an adjustment to the related loan yield over the average life of the loan.  The nonaccretable component represents probable loss due to credit risk and is reviewed by management periodically and adjusted as deemed necessary.  At the acquisition date, the fair value of the loans acquired resulted in an accretable loan premium component of   $545 thousand  , less a nonaccretable credit risk component of   $318 thousand  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there was   no   remaining accretable loan premium component balance and   no   remaining nonaccretable credit risk component balance due to the transfer of the remaining acquired portfolios to the Company's existing loan portfolios during the fourth quarter of    2015  . There were   no   acquired loans at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
  The following table summarizes activity in the accretable loan premium component for the acquired loan portfolio during the   three and nine month comparison periods  : 

Changes in the accretable and nonaccretable components have been charged to Interest and fees on loans on the Company's consolidated statements of income for the periods reported. 
  The composition of Net loans as of the balance sheet dates were as follows: 

Residential real estate loans aggregating   $17.2 million   at   December 31, 2015   were pledged as collateral on deposits of municipalities. There were   no   loans pledged as collateral on deposits of municipalities at   September 30, 2016  . Qualifying residential first mortgage loans held by Union may be pledged as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB under a blanket lien. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 12 

A summary of current, past due and nonaccrual loans as of the balance sheet dates follows: 

There was   one   residential real estate loan totaling   $50 thousand   in process of foreclosure at   September 30, 2016  . Aggregate interest on nonaccrual loans not recognized was   $1.3 million   and   $1.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $1.2 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . 

Note 8.  Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality 
  The ALL is established for estimated losses in the loan portfolio through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. For all loan classes, loan losses are charged against the ALL when management believes the loan balance is uncollectible or in accordance with federal guidelines. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ALL. 
    
  The ALL is maintained at a level believed by management to be appropriate to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The amount of the ALL is based on management's periodic evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio, including the nature, volume and risk characteristics of the portfolio, credit concentrations, trends in historical loss experience, estimated value of any underlying collateral, specific impaired loans and economic conditions. There has been no change to the methodology used to estimate the ALL during the   third   quarter of   2016  . While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions to the ALL may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions or other relevant factors. 
    
  In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, regularly review the Company's ALL. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the ALL, with a corresponding charge to earnings, based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, which may not be currently available to management. 
    
  The ALL consists of specific, general and unallocated components. The specific component relates to the loans that are classified as impaired.  Loans are evaluated for impairment and may be classified as impaired when management believes it is probable that the Company will not collect all the contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled in the loan agreement.  Impaired loans may also include troubled loans that are restructured.  A TDR occurs when the Company, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower's financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that would otherwise not be granted.  A TDR classification may result from the transfer of assets to the Company in partial satisfaction of a troubled loan, a modification of a  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 13 

loan's terms (such as reduction of stated interest rates below market rates, extension of maturity that does not conform to the Company's policies, reduction of the face amount of the loan, reduction of accrued interest, or reduction or deferment of loan payments), or a combination.  A specific reserve amount is allocated to the ALL for individual loans that have been classified as impaired based on management's estimate of the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans, an observable market price, or the present value of anticipated future cash flows.  The Company accounts for the change in present value attributable to the passage of time in the loan loss reserve.  Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment.  Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual consumer, real estate or small balance commercial loans for impairment evaluation, unless such loans are subject to a restructuring agreement or have been identified as impaired as part of a larger customer relationship.  Management has established the threshold for individual impairment evaluation for commercial loans with balances greater than $500 thousand, based on an evaluation of the Company's historical loss experience on substandard commercial loans. 
    
  The general component represents the level of ALL allocable to each loan portfolio segment with similar risk characteristics and is determined based on historical loss experience, adjusted for qualitative factors, for each class of loan.  Management deems a five year average to be an appropriate time frame on which to base historical losses for each portfolio segment.  Qualitative factors considered include underwriting, economic and market conditions, portfolio composition, collateral values, delinquencies, lender experience and legal issues.  The qualitative factors are determined based on the various risk characteristics of each portfolio segment.  Risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows: 
             
    Residential real estate   - Loans in this segment are collateralized by owner-occupied 1-4 family residential real estate, second and vacation homes, 1-4 family investment properties, home equity and second mortgage loans.  Repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower.  The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. 

Construction real estate   - Loans in this segment include residential and commercial construction properties, commercial real estate development loans (while in the construction phase of the projects), land and land development loans.  Repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower and/or the underlying cash flows generated by the properties being constructed.  The overall health of the economy, including  unemployment rates, housing prices, vacancy rates and material costs, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. 

Commercial real estate   - Loans in this segment are primarily properties occupied by businesses or income-producing properties.  The underlying cash flows generated by the properties may be adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by a general slowdown in business or increased vacancy rates which, in turn, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment.  Management requests business financial statements at least annually and monitors the cash flows of these loans. 

Commercial   - Loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by non-real estate assets of the business.  Repayment is expected from the cash flows of the business.  A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer or business spending, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. 

Consumer   - Loans in this segment are made to individuals for personal expenditures, such as an automobile purchase, and include unsecured loans.  Repayment is primarily dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower.  The overall health of the economy, including unemployment, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. 

Municipal   - Loans in this segment are made to municipalities located within the Company's service area. Repayment is primarily dependent on taxes or other funds collected by the municipalities.  Management considers there to be minimal risk surrounding the credit quality of this segment. 
     An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management's estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the ALL reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. 
    
  All evaluations are inherently subjective as they require estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available or as changes occur in economic conditions or other relevant factors.  Despite the  allocation shown in the tables below, the ALL is general in nature and is available to absorb losses from any class of loan. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 14 

Changes in the ALL, by class of loans,   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 15 

The allocation of the ALL, summarized on the basis of the Company's impairment methodology by class of loan, as of the balance sheet dates were as follows: 

The recorded investment in loans, summarized on the basis of the Company's impairment methodology by class of loan, as of the balance sheet dates were as follows: 

Risk and collateral ratings are assigned to loans and are subject to ongoing monitoring by lending and credit personnel with such ratings updated annually or more frequently if warranted.  The following is an overview of the Company's loan rating system: 
    
  1-3 Rating - Pass 
  Risk-rating grades "1" through "3" comprise those loans ranging from those with lower than average credit risk, defined as  borrowers with high liquidity, excellent financial condition, strong management, favorable industry trends or loans secured by highly liquid assets, through those with marginal credit risk, defined as borrowers that, while creditworthy, exhibit some characteristics requiring special attention by the account officer. 
    
  4/M Rating - Satisfactory/Monitor 
  Borrowers exhibit potential credit weaknesses or downward trends warranting management's attention.  While potentially weak, these borrowers are currently marginally acceptable; no loss of principal or interest is envisioned.  When warranted, these credits may be monitored on the watch list. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 16 

5-7 Rating - Substandard 
  Borrowers exhibit well defined weaknesses that jeopardize the orderly liquidation of debt.  The loan may be inadequately protected by the net worth and paying capacity of the obligor and/or the underlying collateral is inadequate. 
    
  The following tables summarize the loan ratings applied to the Company's loans by class as of the balance sheet dates: 

The following table provides information with respect to impaired loans by class of loan as of and   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

____________________ 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 17 

The following table provides information with respect to impaired loans by class of loan as of and for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  : 

____________________ 
     
  The following table provides information with respect to impaired loans as of   December 31, 2015  : 

____________________ 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 18 

The following is a summary of TDR loans by class of loan as of the balance sheet dates: 

The TDR loans above represent loan modifications in which a concession was provided to the borrower, including due date extensions, maturity date extensions, interest rate reductions or the forgiveness of accrued interest.  Troubled loans, that are restructured and meet established thresholds, are classified as impaired and a specific reserve amount is allocated to the ALL on the basis of the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans, an observable market price, or the present value of anticipated future cash flows. 
  The following table provides new TDR activity   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 
                                                 
    New TDRs During the 
    New TDRs During the 
        
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
        
    Number of Loans 
    Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
    Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
    Number of Loans 
    Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
    Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
        
    (Dollars in thousands) 
      Residential real estate 
    3 
      
    $ 
    89 
      
    $ 
    99 
      
    6 
      
    $ 
    278 
      
    $ 
    295 
      
      Commercial real estate 
    4 
      
    643 
      
    647 
      
    6 
      
    803 
      
    807 

The following table provides new TDR activity for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  .   
                                                 
    New TDRs During the 
    New TDRs During the 
        
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
        
    Number of Loans 
    Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
    Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
    Number of Loans 
    Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
    Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
        
    (Dollars in thousands) 
      Residential real estate 
    5 
      
    $ 
    504 
      
    $ 
    511 
      
    5 
      
    $ 
    504 
      
    $ 
    511 
      
      Commercial real estate 

2 
      
    281 
      
    281 

There were   no   TDR loans modified within the previous twelve months that had subsequently defaulted during the   three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015  .  TDR loans are considered defaulted at 90 days past due. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company was not committed to lend any additional funds to borrowers whose loans were nonperforming, impaired or restructured. 

Note 9. Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
  Union sponsors a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering all eligible employees employed prior to October 5, 2012. On October 5, 2012, the Company closed the Plan to new participants and froze the accrual of retirement benefits for current participants.  It is Union's current intent to continue to maintain the frozen Plan and related Trust account and to distribute benefits to participants at such time and in such manner as provided under the terms of the Plan.  The Company will continue to recognize the pension benefit and cash funding obligations for the remaining life of the associated liability for the frozen benefits under the Plan.   The Plan provides defined benefits based on years of service and final average salary prior to October 5, 2012. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 19 

Net periodic pension benefit   for the three and nine months   ended   September 30   consisted of the following components: 

Note 10.  Stock Based Compensation 
    
  The Company's current stock-based compensation plan is the Union Bankshares, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.  Under the 2014 Equity Plan,   50,000   shares of the Company s common stock are available for equity awards of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock and RSUs to eligible officers and (except for awards of incentive stock options) nonemployee directors.  Shares available for issuance of awards under the 2014 Equity Plan consist of unissued shares of the Company s common stock and/or shares held in treasury.  
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   the following awards and contingent awards were made to eligible officers under the 2014 Equity Plan: 
             
    A total of   5,444   RSUs were granted at a fair value of   $27.91   per share, based on the closing market price of the Company's common stock on December 31, 2015, the earned date of the award. 50% of the RSUs awarded were in the form of Time-Based RSUs, which will vest over   three   years, approximately one-third per year on the anniversary of the earned date; and 50% of the RSUs awarded were in the form of Performance-Based RSUs, which are subject to both performance and time based vesting conditions.  The Performance-Based conditions were satisfied during 2015 and vesting of the Performance-Based RSUs will occur over   two   years, with approximately one-half vesting on each of the next two anniversaries of the earned date.  Prior to vesting, the RSUs do not earn dividends or dividend equivalents, nor do they bear any voting rights.  The general terms of the awards were described in a 2015 Award Summary, with the final awards and related 2015 performance results and December 31, 2015 stock price, certified by the Board of Directors during the first quarter of   2016  .  Unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested RSUs as of   September 30, 2016   was   $105 thousand  . 
                
    A total of   4,456   contingent RSUs were provisionally granted at a fair value of   $29.10   per share, based on the closing market price of the Company's stock on the March 16, 2016 grant date.  The estimated number of contingent RSUs provisionally granted was based on target payout amounts as detailed in the 2016 Award Plan Summary adopted by the Board of Directors.  As with the 2015 grants, one half is in the form of Time-Based RSUs and one-half is in the form of Performance-Based RSUs. The actual number of RSUs granted (if any) will be determined as of the earned date of December 31, 2016.  The contingent RSUs were granted on substantially the same terms and conditions as the RSUs granted under the 2015 Award Plan Summary.  As of   September 30, 2016   the estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to the contingent unvested RSUs, based on the closing market price of the Company's stock on the grant date of March 16, 2016 was   $130 thousand  . 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   4,500   options granted in December 2014 under the 2014 Equity Plan remained outstanding and exercisable and will expire in December 2021.  There was   no   unrecognized compensation cost related to these options as of   September 30, 2016   and all exercisable options were "in the money". 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   36,436   shares remained available for future equity awards under the 2014 Equity Plan. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   4,000   options granted under the 2008 ISO Plan remained outstanding and exercisable, with the last of such options expiring in December 2020.   There was   no   unrecognized compensation cost related to these options as of   September 30, 2016   and all exercisable options were "in the money". 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 20 

Note 11. Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  Accounting principles generally require recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income or loss. Certain changes in assets and liabilities, such as the after tax effect of unrealized gains and losses on investment securities AFS that are not OTTI and the unfunded liability for the defined benefit pension plan, are not reflected in the consolidated statements of income. The cumulative effect of such items, net of tax effect, is reported as a separate component of the equity section of the consolidated balance sheet (Accumulated OCI).  OCI, along with net income, comprises the Company's total comprehensive income or loss. 
    
  As of the balance sheet dates, the components of Accumulated OCI, net of tax, were: 

The following tables disclose  the tax effects allocated to each component of OCI   for the three and nine months ended September 30  :  

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 21 

The following table discloses information concerning the reclassification adjustments from OCI   for the three and nine months ended September 30  : 

Note 12. Fair Value Measurement 
  The Company utilizes FASB ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurement  , as guidance for accounting for assets and liabilities carried at fair value. This standard defines fair value as the price that would be received, without adjustment for transaction costs, to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is a market based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The guidance in FASB ASC Topic 820 establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
    
  The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are: 

Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities; 
                
    Level 2 - Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; 
                
    Level 3 - Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e., supported by little or no market activity). 
       
  The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the Company s assets that are measured on a recurring basis at estimated fair value: 
    
  AFS securities: Marketable equity securities and mutual funds have been valued using unadjusted quoted prices from active markets and therefore have been classified as Level 1. However, the majority of the Company s AFS securities have been valued utilizing Level 2 inputs. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include market maker bids, quotes and pricing models. Inputs to the pricing models include recent trades, benchmark interest rates, spreads and actual and projected cash flows. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 22 

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , segregated by fair value hierarchy level, are summarized below: 

There were no significant transfers in or out of Levels 1 and 2 during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , nor were there any Level 3 assets at any time during the period. Certain other assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition, such as impaired loans, HTM securities, MSRs and OREO, were not considered material at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . The Company has not elected to apply the fair value method to any financial assets or liabilities other than those situations where other accounting pronouncements require fair value measurements. 
    
  FASB ASC Topic 825  , Financial Instruments,   requires disclosure of the estimated fair value of financial instruments. Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various financial instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Management s estimates and assumptions are inherently subjective and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment. Changes in assumptions could dramatically affect the estimated fair values.  
    
  Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument.  Certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments may be excluded from disclosure requirements. Thus, the aggregate fair value amounts presented may not necessarily represent the actual underlying fair value of such instruments of the Company.  

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 23 

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair value of its significant financial instruments: 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents  : The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximate those assets' fair values and are classified as Level 1. 
    
  Interest bearing deposits in banks:   Fair values for interest bearing deposits in banks are based on discounted present values of cash flows and are classified as Level 2. 
    
  Investment securities:    Fair values for investment securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value measurements consider observable data which may include market maker bids, quotes and pricing models. Inputs to the pricing models include recent trades, benchmark interest rates, spreads and actual and projected cash flows. Investment securities are classified as Level 1 or Level 2 depending on availability of recent trade information. 
    
  Loans held for sale:   The fair value of loans held for sale is estimated based on quotes from third party vendors, resulting in a Level 2 classification. 
    
  Loans  : The fair values of loans are estimated for portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics and segregated by loan class or segment. For variable-rate loan categories that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying amounts adjusted for credit risk. The fair values for other loans (for example, fixed-rate residential, commercial real estate, and rental property mortgage loans as well as commercial and industrial loans) are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Loan fair value estimates include judgments regarding future cash flows, future expected loss experience and risk characteristics.  Fair values for impaired loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis or underlying collateral values, where applicable.  The fair value methods and assumptions that utilize unobservable inputs as defined by current accounting standards are classified as Level 3.   
    
  Accrued interest receivable and payable:   The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate their fair values and are classified as Level 1, 2, or 3 in accordance with the classification of the related principal's valuation. 
    
  Nonmarketable equity securities:   It is not practical to determine the fair value of the nonmarketable securities, such as FHLB stock, due to restrictions placed on their transferability.    
    
  Deposits  : The fair values disclosed for noninterest bearing deposits and other interest bearing nontime deposits are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date, resulting in a Level 1 classification. The fair values for time deposits are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on similar deposits to a schedule of aggregated expected maturities on such deposits, resulting in a Level 2 classification.  At December 31, 2015, other interest bearing nontime deposits were classified as Level 2 as the fair value was estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applied interest rates that were being offered on similar deposits to a schedule of aggregated expected maturities on such deposits. 
    
  Borrowed funds  : The fair values of the Company s long-term debt are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on interest rates currently being offered on similar debt instruments, resulting in a Level 2 classification. The fair values of the Company s short-term debt approximate the carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet, resulting in a Level 1 classification. 
    
  Off-balance-sheet financial instruments  : Fair values for off-balance-sheet, credit-related financial instruments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. The only commitments to extend credit that are normally longer than one year in duration are the home equity lines whose interest rates are variable quarterly. The only fees collected for commitments are an annual fee on credit card arrangements and often a flat fee on commercial lines of credit and standby letters of credit. The fair value of off-balance-sheet financial instruments as of the balance sheet dates was not significant. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 24 

As of the balance sheet dates, the estimated fair values and related carrying amounts of the Company's significant financial instruments were as follows: 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 25 

The carrying amounts in the preceding tables are included in the consolidated balance sheets under the applicable captions. 

Note 13. Subsequent Events 
  Subsequent events represent events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued.  Financial statements are considered  issued  when they are widely distributed to shareholders and others for general use and reliance in a form and format that complies with GAAP.  Events occurring subsequent to   September 30, 2016   have been evaluated as to their potential impact to the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  On   October 19, 2016  , the Company declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of   $0.28   per share, payable   November 8, 2016  , to stockholders of record on   October 29, 2016  . 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    
  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  GENERAL 
  The following discussion and analysis focuses on those factors that, in management's view, had a material effect on the financial position of the Company as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and its results of operations   for the three and nine  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 26 

months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . This discussion is being presented to provide a narrative explanation of the consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes and with other financial data appearing elsewhere in this filing and with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  In the opinion of the Company's management, the interim unaudited data reflects all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments and disclosures necessary to fairly present the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations for the interim periods presented.  Management is not aware of the occurrence of any events after   September 30, 2016   which would materially affect the information presented. 
    
  Please refer to Note 1 in the Company's unaudited interim consolidated financial statements at Part I, Item 1 of this Report for definitions of acronyms, abbreviations and capitalized terms used throughout the following discussion and analysis.  

CAUTIONARY ADVICE ABOUT FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  The Company may from time to time make written or oral statements that are considered  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include financial projections, statements of plans and objectives for future operations, estimates of future economic performance or conditions and assumptions relating thereto. The Company may include forward-looking statements in its filings with the SEC, in its reports to stockholders, including this quarterly report, in press releases, other written materials, and in statements made by senior management to analysts, rating agencies, institutional investors, representatives of the media and others. 
    
  Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainties, both general and specific, and risk exists that actual results will differ from those predictions, forecasts, projections and other estimates contained in forward-looking statements. These risks cannot be readily quantified. When management uses any of the words  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   intends,  "projects,"  plans,   seeks,   estimates,  "targets," "goals,"  may,  "might,"  could,   would,   should,  or similar expressions, they are making forward-looking statements. Many possible events or factors, including those beyond the control of management, could affect the future financial results and performance of the Company.   
    
  Factors that may cause results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (1) continuing general economic conditions and financial instability, either nationally, internationally, regionally or locally; (2) increased competitive pressures including those from tax-advantaged credit unions and other financial service providers in the Company's northern Vermont and New Hampshire market area or in the financial services industry generally, from increasing consolidation and integration of financial service providers, and from changes in technology and delivery systems; (3) the effect of and changes in the United States monetary and fiscal policies, including interest rates changes in ways that continues to put pressure on the Company's interest spread or margins, or result in lower fee income and lower gain on sale of real estate loans; (4) changes in laws or government rules, or the way in which courts or government agencies interpret or implement those laws or rules, that increase our costs of doing business or otherwise adversely affect the Company's business; (5) changes in federal or state tax policy; (6) the effect of federal and state health care reform efforts; (7) changes in the level of nonperforming assets and charge-offs; (8) changes in estimates of future reserve requirements based upon relevant regulatory and accounting requirements; (9) changes in information technology that require increased capital spending; (10) changes in consumer and business spending, borrowing and savings habits; (11) further changes to the regulations governing the calculation of the Company s regulatory capital ratios; (12) increased cyber security threats; and (13) the effects of national and state election results. 
    
  When evaluating forward-looking statements to make decisions with respect to the Company, investors and others are cautioned to consider these and other risks and uncertainties, and are reminded not to place undue reliance on such statements.  Investors  should not consider the foregoing list of factors to be a complete list of risks or uncertainties. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update them to reflect new or changed information or events, except as may be required by federal securities laws. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  Under SEC Regulation G, public companies making disclosures containing financial measures that are not in accordance with GAAP must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as a statement of the company s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure. The SEC has exempted from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures certain commonly used financial measures that are not based on GAAP. However, two non-GAAP financial measures commonly used by financial institutions, namely tax-equivalent net interest income and tax-equivalent net interest margin (as presented in the tables in the section labeled Yields Earned and Rates Paid), have not been specifically exempted by the SEC, and may therefore constitute non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G. We are unable to state with certainty whether the SEC would regard those measures as subject to Regulation G.  Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 27 

the Company s financial performance and facilitate comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions. However, that information should be considered supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  The Company has established various accounting policies which govern the application of GAAP i  n the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management which have a material impact on the reported amount of assets, liabilities, capital, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require management to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates on matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, management has identified the accounting policies and judgments most critical to the Company. The judgments and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions made by management, actual results could differ from estimates and have a material impact on the carrying value of assets, liabilities, or capital, and/or the results of operations of the Company. 
    
  Please refer to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a more in-depth discussion of the Company's critical accounting policies.  There have been no changes to the Company's critical accounting policies since the filing of that report. 

OVERVIEW 
    
  For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company's net income was $  2.3 million    compared to $  2.05 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $218 thousand  , or   10.6%  . These results reflected an increase in the Company's net interest income of   $403 thousand  , or   6.8%  , a decrease in the provision for loan losses of   $150 thousand  , or   100.0%  , and an increase in noninterest income of   $271 thousand  , or   10.7%  .  These positive changes were partially offset by an increase in noninterest expenses of   $505 thousand  , or   8.9%   and an increase in the provision for income taxes of   $101 thousand  , or   17.7%  . 
    
  Year to date earnings for   2016   were   $6.2 million  , or   $1.38   per share, compared to   $6.0 million  , or   $1.33   per share, for the same period in   2015  , an increase of   3.6%   year over year.  Net interest income improved   $1.2 million  , or   7.0%  , noninterest income increased    $193 thousand  , or   2.6%  , and the provision for loan losses decreased   $250 thousand  , or   62.5%  , between periods.  These positive changes were partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense of   $1.3 million  , or   7.9%  , and an increase in the provision for income taxes of   $122 thousand  , or   7.4%  .  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had total consolidated assets of   $672.6 million  , including gross loans and loans held for sale (total loans) of   $532.6 million  , deposits of   $572.2 million   and stockholders' equity of   $56.8 million  . The Company s total assets at   September 30, 2016   increased   $43.7 million  , or   6.9%  , from   $628.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and increased   $52.3 million  , or   8.4%  , compared to   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  The Company's total capital increased from   $53.6 million   at   December 31, 2015   to   $56.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  This increase primarily reflects net income of   $6.2 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   and an increase of   $667 thousand   in accumulated OCI, less regular cash dividends paid of   $3.7 million  . (See   Capital Resources   on page 42.) 
  Management anticipated a 25 bp increase in interest rates in July 2016, however, an increase did not occur and still has not as of September 30, 2016.  Earlier this year, it appeared as though an increase in rates was unlikely for 2016.  However, more recently national and international commentary suggests that an increase in interest rates could occur in December 2016. Any movement in interest rates during the fourth quarter of   2016   is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company's   2016   results of operations.   However, based on results of the Company's recent asset liability management reports, the Company is considered asset sensitive and is positioned to benefit in   2017   from an increase in interest rates.  
    
  As mentioned in our second quarter report, on June 24, 2016 Union Bankshares, Inc. became part of the Russell 2000 index, a subset of the Russell 3000 index which is comprised of the 3000 U.S. publicly traded companies with the largest market capitalization. The Russell 2000 index is a widely used proxy for small capitalization U.S. publicly traded companies.  Inclusion in the Russell 2000 Index will not change the manner in which the Company operates, though it may impact investing and trading in the stock of the Company.  

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 28 

The following unaudited per share information and key ratios depict several measurements of performance or financial condition at or   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Annualized. 
              (2) 
    The ratio of tax equivalent net interest income to average earning assets. See pages 30 and 31 for more information. 
              (3) 
    The ratio of noninterest expense to tax equivalent net interest income and noninterest income, excluding securities gains (losses). 
              (4) 
    The difference between the average rate earned on earning assets and the average rate paid on  interest bearing liabilities. See pages 30 and 31 for more information. 
              (5) 
    Calculation includes the net carrying amount of loans recorded at fair value from the 2011 Branch Acquisition as of   September 30, 2015   (  $7.7 million  ).  Excluding such loans, the allowance for loan losses to loans not purchased and not held for sale was   1.03%   at   September 30, 2015  . The acquired loan portfolios were transferred to the Company's existing loan portfolios during the fourth quarter of   2015  . 
              (6) 
    Nonperforming assets are loans or investment securities that are in nonaccrual or 90 or more days past due as well as OREO or OAO. 
              (7) 
    Cash dividends declared and paid per share divided by consolidated net income per share. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Net Interest Income  .    The largest component of the Company s operating income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividend income received from interest earning assets and interest expense paid on interest bearing liabilities.  Net interest income is affected by various factors including, but not limited to changes in interest rates, loan and deposit pricing strategies, the volume and mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, and the level of nonperforming assets.  Net interest margin is calculated as the net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis as a percentage of average earning assets.  
  The Company s net interest income increased   $403 thousand  , or   6.8%  , to   $6.3 million   for   the three months ended September 30, 2016   from   $5.9 million     for the three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The net interest spread increased   6   bps to   4.18%   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , from   4.12%   for the same period last year, reflecting a   5   bps increase in the average yield earned on interest earning assets from   4.52%     for the three months ended September 30, 2015   to   4.57%     for the three months ended September 30, 2016  . Average yields increased in all asset categories during the three month comparison periods. Although a   3   bp increase in the average yield on loans contributed to the   $393 thousand   increase in interest income on loans, as noted below under the caption "Rate Volume Analysis", the   $28.3 million   increase in volume of average loans was the primary factor in the increase. 
  Despite an increase of   $10 thousand  , or   2.17%  , in interest expense during the comparison periods, the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities decreased   1   bp, to   0.39%   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   0.40%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  .   The net interest margin for the   third   quarter of   2016   increased   5   bps to   4.26%   from   4.21%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  .  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 29 

During the   third   quarter of   2016   Union began offering a fully FDIC insured money market account through Promontory, Insured Cash Sweep, to its municipal and commercial customers.  Several municipal customers began utilizing this new deposit product and as monies in time deposits matured they were placed into ICS money market accounts. As a result, an increase in the average balance and average rate paid on savings and money market accounts occurred   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , with corresponding decreases in time deposits.  See the following tables for details. 
  Net interest income was   $18.4 million  , for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $17.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $1.2 million  , or   6.97%  .  The increase in net interest income year over year reflects a   9   bp increase in the average yield on earning assets between periods. The increase of   $21.3 million   in the average volume of loans and to a lesser extent, the 25 bp increase in rates initiated by the FRB in December 2015, contributed to the   $1.1 million   increase in interest income on loans between periods.   Also, the average yield on investment securities has improved as funds were invested in higher yielding municipal securities as lower yielding U.S. government sponsored agency securities were called. 
  The average cost of funds decreased   2   bps for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period last year and that, combined with the   9   bp increase in average yield on earning assets, resulted in an increase of   11   bps in the Company's net interest margin to   4.21%   from   4.10%   for the same period last year and an increase of   11   bps in the net interest spread between periods, from   4.01%   to   4.12%   .  The average cost of deposits, which continues to be our primary funding source, was   0.29%     for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   0.32%    for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  The following table shows for the periods indicated the total amount of income recorded from average interest earning assets, the related average tax equivalent yields, the interest expense associated with average interest bearing liabilities, the related average rates paid, and the resulting tax equivalent net interest spread and margin.  

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 30 

__________________ 
           (1)   
    Average yields reported on a tax equivalent basis using a marginal tax rate of 34%. 
              (2)   
    Average balances of investment securities are calculated on the amortized cost basis and include nonaccrual securities, if applicable. 
              (3)   
    Includes loans held for sale as well as nonaccrual loans, unamortized costs and unamortized premiums and is net of the allowance for loan losses. 
       
  Tax exempt interest income amounted to   $431 thousand   and   $436 thousand     for the three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $1.3 million   and   $1.4 million   for the   2016   and   2015     nine month comparison periods  , respectively. The following table presents the effect of tax exempt income on the calculation of net interest income, using a marginal tax rate of 34% for the   2016   and   2015     three and nine month comparison periods  : 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 31 

Rate/Volume Analysis.   The following table describes the extent to which changes in average interest rates (on a fully tax-equivalent basis) and changes in volume of average interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities have affected the Company's interest income and interest expense during the periods indicated. For each category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: 
             
    changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate);  
                
    changes in rate (change in rate multiplied by prior volume); and  
                
    total change in rate and volume.  
       
  Changes attributable to both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 

Provision for Loan Losses.   There was no loan loss provision recorded for   the three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $150 thousand   for   the three months ended September 30, 2015  . A loan loss provision of   $150 thousand   and   $400 thousand   was recorded for   nine month comparison periods  .  The provision   for the three and nine months   of   2016   was deemed appropriate by management based on the size and mix of the loan portfolio, the level of nonperforming loans, the results of the qualitative factor review and the outlook for future economic conditions.  For further details, see FINANCIAL CONDITION-   Allowance for Loan Losses   and   Asset Quality   below. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 32 

Noninterest Income.    Noninterest income was   $2.8 million  , or   29.2%   of total income   for the three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $2.5 million  , or   28.4%   of total income   for the three months ended September 30, 2015   and   $7.6 million  , or   27.6%   of total income   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $7.4 million  , or   28.3%   of total income   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The following table sets forth the components of noninterest income and changes from   2015   to   2016  : 

The significant changes in noninterest income   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods of   2015   are described below: 

Service fees.    Overdraft fees increased $16 thousand and $91 thousand   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods of    2015  .  Additionally, increases of $38 thousand and $107 thousand in loan servicing fee income occurred   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods of    2015  .  

Net gains on sales of loans held for sale.    Continuing the Company's strategy to mitigate long-term interest rate risk, residential and commercial loans totaling   $40.7 million   were sold during the   third   quarter of   2016  , versus residential loan sales of   $34.6 million   during the   third   quarter of   2015  .  Residential and commercial loans of   $99.0 million   were sold during   the first nine months of 2016  , versus residential loan sales of   $102.4 million     the first nine months of 2015  . Loan sales during   the first nine months of 2015   included sales of $10.7 million of loans held for sale as of   December 31, 2014   versus   $5.6 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  There were   no   sales of commercial loans during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

Income from Company-owned life insurance.    During the second quarter of   2016  , the administration of the Company's life insurance policies was moved to a single service provider.  As a result, the earnings on the older policies are calculated evenly throughout a calendar year rather than as of the June 30th anniversary date of the policies which was the practice in prior years.  Additionally, during the second quarter of   2016  , the Company received proceeds from the death benefit on an insurance policy on the life of a former director, resulting in $73 thousand of additional income. This increase was partially offset by the administrative change mentioned previously.  Lastly, the Company purchased $5.0 million of company-owned life insurance covering certain officers of Union during March of 2015.  Nine months of income was recognized on these policies in   2016   versus seven months in   2015  .  

Other income.    Mortgage servicing rights income decreased $22 thousand   for the three months ended September 30, 2016   and $100 thousand   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  . The decrease was partially offset by an increase in gas and oil royalty income of $14 thousand during the first three months of   2016  . 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 33 

Noninterest Expense.    Noninterest expense increased   $505 thousand  , or   8.9%  ,   for the three months ended September 30, 2016   and increased   $1.3 million  , or   7.9%  ,   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The following table sets forth the components of noninterest expense and changes between the   three and nine month comparison periods   of   2016   and   2015  : 

The significant changes in noninterest expense for the   third   quarter and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods of   2015   are described below: 

Salaries and wages.   The increase reflects an $89 thousand and $165 thousand increase in accruals for short and long term incentive plan benefits for the   three and nine month comparison periods  , respectively,  as well as normal annual salary increases. 
                
    Pension and employee benefits.    The cost of the Company's medical plan increased $49 thousand and $130 thousand for the   three and nine month comparison periods  , respectively, as premium rates increased between years. The Company began accruing for a profit sharing contribution to the 401k plan at the beginning of the year rather than half way through the year.  As a result an accrual of $227 thousand was recorded for   the first nine months of 2016   compared to $175 thousand in   the first nine months of 2015  , or an increase of $52 thousand between periods. Lastly, the benefit received from the pension plan was reduced by $59 thousand and $178 thousand for the   three and nine month comparison periods  , respectively, as a result of the most recent actuarial valuation report prepared as of   December 31, 2015   for the   2016   fiscal year . 
                
    Occupancy expense.   The Company experienced cost savings of $54 thousand in utilities between the   nine month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   as a result of the mild winter experienced in Vermont and New Hampshire.  Also, repairs and maintenance on the Company's facilities decreased $13 thousand and $32 thousand  for the   three and nine month comparison periods  , respectively. 
                
    Equipment expense.   Equipment depreciation increased $25 thousand and $119 thousand for the   three and nine month comparison periods  , respectively as a result of new technology equipment installed throughout the branch network as well as other infrastructure replacements.   Additionally, increases in maintenance contracts of $37 thousand and $122 thousand for the   three and nine month comparison periods  , respectively occured as a result of the installation of the new equipment.  
     Provision for Income Taxes.    The Company has provided for current and deferred federal income taxes for the quarters and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The Company's net provision for income taxes was   $672 thousand   and   $1.8 million   for the quarter and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $571 thousand   and   $1.6 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  The Company's effective tax rate was   22.9%   and   22.2%   for the quarter and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to an effective tax rate of   21.8%   and   21.6%   for the same periods in   2015  . 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had total consolidated assets of   $672.6 million  , including gross loans and loans held for sale (total loans) of   $532.6 million  , deposits of   $572.2 million   and stockholders' equity of   $56.8 million  . The Company s total assets at   September 30, 2016   increased   $43.7 million  , or   6.9%  , from   $628.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and increased   $52.3 million  , or   8.4%  , compared to   September 30, 2015  . 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 34 

Net loans and loans held for sale increased a total of   $26.5 million  , or   5.3%  , to   $528.0 million  , or   78.5%   of total assets at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $501.5 million  , or   79.7%   of total assets at   December 31, 2015  .  (See   Loans Held for Sale and Loan Portfolio   below.) 
    
  Total deposits increased   $11.8 million  , or   2.1%  , to   $572.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , from   $560.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  Noninterest bearing deposits increased   $16.6 million  , or   16.6%  , from   $99.8 million   at   December 31, 2015   to   $116.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and interest bearing deposits increased   $40.2 million  , or   13.0%  , from   $310.2 million   at   December 31, 2015   to   $350.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  These increases were offset by a decrease of   $45.0 million  , or   29.9%  , in time deposits from   $150.4 million   at   December 31, 2015   to   $105.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  . (See average balances and rates in the   Yields Earned   and   Rates Paid   table on pages 30 and 31.)  
    
  Total borrowed funds increased   $27.9 million  , or   292.2%  , from   $9.6 million   at   December 31, 2015   to   $37.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  . There was an increase in FHLB advances of   $28.2 million  , to fund loan demand, while customer overnight collateralized repurchase sweeps decreased   $274 thousand   between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  . (See   Borrowings   on page 40.) 
    
  Total stockholders  equity increased   $3.2 million   to   $56.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $53.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . (See   Capital Resources   on page 42.) 
    
  Loans Held for Sale and Loan Portfolio  . Total loans (including loans held for sale) increased   $26.4 million  , or   5.2%  , to   $532.6 million  , representing   79.2%   of assets at   September 30, 2016  , from   $506.1 million  , representing   80.5%   of assets at   December 31, 2015  . The total loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016   also increased compared to the   September 30, 2015   level of   $505.2 million  , representing   81.4%   of assets. The Company s loans consist primarily of adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family, multi-family residential or commercial real estate. Real estate secured loans represented   $458.0 million  , or   86.0%   of total loans at   September 30, 2016   and   $444.4 million  , or   87.8%   of total loans at   December 31, 2015  .  Although competition for good loans is strong, especially in the commercial sector, the Company has been able to originate loans to both current and new customers while maintaining credit quality.  The composition of the Company s loan portfolio remained relatively unchanged from   December 31, 2015   and there was no material change in the Company s lending programs or terms during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The composition of the Company's loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows: 

The Company originates and sells qualified residential mortgage loans in various secondary market avenues, with a majority of sales made to the FHLMC/Freddie Mac. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company serviced a   $601.9 million   residential real estate mortgage portfolio, of which   $10.2 million   was held for sale and approximately   $425.1 million   was serviced for unaffiliated third parties. 
    
  The Company sold   $98.8 million   of qualified residential real estate loans primarily originated during   the first nine months   of   2016   to the secondary market to mitigate long-term interest rate risk and to generate fee income, compared to sales of   $102.4 million   during   the first nine months   of   2015  . The Company generally retains the servicing rights on sold residential mortgage loan  s.  The Company originates and sells FHA, VA, and RD residential mortgage loans, and also has an Unconditional Direct Endorsement Approval from HUD which allows the Company to approve FHA loans originated in any of its Vermont or New Hampshire  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 35 

locations without needing prior HUD approval.  The Company sells VA and FHA loans as originated with servicing released.  Some of the government backed loans qualify for zero down payments without geographic or income restrictions.  These loan products increase the Company's ability to serve the borrowing needs of residents in the communities we serve, including low and moderate income borrowers, while the government guaranty mitigates our exposure to credit risk. 
  The Company also originates commercial real estate and commercial loans under various SBA, USDA and State sponsored programs which provide a government agency guaranty for a portion of the loan amount. There was   $5.0 million   guaranteed under these various programs at   September 30, 2016   on an aggregate balance of   $6.2 million   in subject loans.  The Company occasionally sells the guaranteed portion of the loan to other financial concerns and retains servicing rights, which generates fee income.  There were   $251 thousand   of commercial real estate and commercial loans sold in the   first nine months   of   2016   and   no   commercial real estate or commercial loans sold in the   first nine months   of   2015  .  The Company recognizes gains and losses on the sale of the principal portion of these loans as they occur. 
    
  The Company serviced   $16.6 million   of commercial and commercial real estate loans for unaffiliated third parties as of   September 30, 2016  . This includes   $13.1 million   of commercial or commercial real estate loan  s the Company has participated out to other financial institutions, in the ordinary course of business on a nonrecourse basis, for liquidity or credit concentration management purposes.    
    
  The Company capitalizes servicing rights for all loans sold with servicing retained and recognizes gains and losses on the sale of the principal portion of these loans as they occur.  The unamortized balance of servicing rights   on loans sold with servicing retained   was   $1.6 million   a  t     September 30, 2016  , with an estimated market value in excess of the carrying   value as of such date. Management periodically evaluates and measures the servicing assets for impairment. 
    
  There were   no   residential real estate loans pledged to secure municipal deposits above the FDIC insurance coverage level as of   September 30, 2016  .  Qualified residential first mortgage loans held by Union are eligible to be pledged as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB under a blanket lien. 
    
  Asset Quality.   The Company, like all financial institutions, is exposed to certain credit risks, including those related to the value of the collateral that secures its loans and the ability of borrowers to repay their loans.  Consistent application of the Company s conservative loan policies has helped to mitigate this risk and has been prudent for both the Company and its customers.  Renewed market volatility, high unemployment rates or weakness in the general economic condition of the country or our market area, may have a negative effect on our customers  ability to make their loan payments on a timely basis and/or on underlying collateral values. Management closely monitors the Company s loan and investment portfolios, OREO and OAO for potential problems and reports to the Company s and Union s Board at regularly scheduled meetings. Repossessed assets and loans or investments that are 90 days or more past due are considered to be nonperforming assets.  Board approved policies set forth portfolio diversification levels to mitigate concentration risk and the Company participates large credits out to other financial institutions to further mitigate that risk. 
  The following table shows the composition of nonperforming assets at the dates indicated and trends of certain ratios monitored by the Company's management in reviewing asset quality: 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 36 

____________________ 
      
  The level of nonaccrual loans   decreased     $107 thousand  , or   4.2%  , since   December 31, 2015  , and accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more   increased     $166 thousand  , or   19.9%  , during the same time period. The percentage of nonperforming loans to total loans   decreased   slightly from   0.66%   to   0.64%  .  There was   one   residential real estate loan totaling   $50 thousand   in process of foreclosure at   September 30, 2016  . The aggregate interest income not recognized on nonaccrual loans amounted to approximately   $1.3 million   and   $1.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and   $1.2 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had loans rated substandard that were on a performing status totaling   $2.6 million  , compared to   $2.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  . In management's view, substandard loans represent a higher degree of risk of becoming nonperforming loans in the future.  The Company s management is focused on the impact that the economy may have on its borrowers and closely monitors industry and geographic concentrations for evidence of financial problems.  Last winter season saw a lack of snow which put some strain on the local tourism industry, however, the warm fall weather and vibrant foliage season has helped to lessen the impact on this industry.  The Company has managed through difficult tourism seasons in the past and management is closely monitoring the results and impact of last winter on our borrowers. Outside of the poor winter weather and its effect on the tourism industry, improvement in local economic indicators has been identified over the past year.  The unemployment rate has stabilized in Vermont and was   3.3%   for   September 2016   compared to   3.7%   for   September 2015  .  The New Hampshire unemployment rate was   2.9%   for   September 2016   compared to   3.4%   for   September 2015  .  These rates compare favorably with the nationwide unemployment rate of   5.0%   and   5.1%   for the comparable periods.  Management will continue to monitor the national, regional and local economic environment and its impact on unemployment, business failures and real estate values in the Company s market area. 
  On occasion, the Company acquires residential or commercial real estate properties through or in lieu of loan foreclosure. These properties are held for sale and are initially recorded as OREO at fair value less estimated selling costs at the date of the Company s acquisition of the property, with fair value based on an appraisal for more significant properties and on a broker s price opinion for less significant properties.  Holding costs and declines in the fair value of properties acquired are expensed as incurred. Declines in the fair value after acquisition of the property result in charges against income before tax.  There were   no   such declines   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , or   the three months ended September 30, 2015   and a   $29 thousand   decline for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The Company evaluates each OREO property at least quarterly for changes in the fair value. The Company had   no   properties classified as OREO at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   
  Allowance for Loan Losses  .    Some of the Company s loan customers ultimately do not make all of their contractually scheduled payments, requiring the Company to charge off a portion or all of the remaining principal balance due. The Company maintains an ALL to absorb such losses. The ALL is maintained at a level believed by management to be appropriate to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the evaluation date; however, actual loan losses may vary from current estimates.  The Company's policy and methodologies for establishing the ALL, described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , did not change during   the first nine months   of   2016  . 
  Impaired loans, including   $3.4 million   of TDR loans, were   $4.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  , with government guaranties of   $654 thousand   and a specific reserve amount allocated of   $118 thousand  .  Impaired loans, including   $2.7 million   of TDR loans, at   December 31, 2015   were   $4.9 million  , with government guaranties of   $606 thousand   and a specific reserve amount allocated of   $357 thousand  .  Based on management's evaluation of the Company's historical loss experience on substandard commercial loans, commercial loans with balances greater than $500 thousand was established as the threshold for individual impairment evaluation with a specific reserve allocated when warranted.  Commercial loans with balances under this threshold are collectively evaluated for impairment as a homogeneous pool of loans, unless such loans are subject to a restructuring agreement or have been identified as impaired as part of a larger customer relationship.  The specific reserve amount allocated to individually identified impaired loans decreased   $239 thousand   as a result of the   September 30, 2016   impairment evaluation. 
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 37 

The following table reflects activity in the ALL   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The following table (net of loans held for sale) shows the internal breakdown by risk component of the Company's ALL and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans in the respective portfolios at the dates indicated: 

Notwithstanding the categories shown in the table above or any specific allocation under the Company's ALL methodology, all funds in the ALL are available to absorb loan losses in the portfolio, regardless of loan category or specific allocation. 
    
  There were no changes to the reserve factors assigned to any of the loan portfolios based on the qualitative factor reviews performed during   the first nine months   of   2016  . Management of the Company believes, in its best estimate, that the ALL at   September 30, 2016   is appropriate to cover probable credit losses inherent in the Company s loan portfolio as of such date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will not sustain losses in future periods which could be greater than the size of the ALL at   September 30, 2016  .  In addition, our banking regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our ALL.  Such agencies may require us to recognize adjustments to the ALL based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination.  A large adjustment to the ALL for losses in future periods may require increased provisions to replenish the ALL, which could negatively affect earnings.  While the Company recognizes that economic slowdowns or financial and credit market turmoil may adversely impact its borrowers' financial performance and ultimately their ability to repay their loans, management continues to be cautiously optimistic about the collectability of the Company's loan portfolio. 
    
  Investment Activities  .  At   September 30, 2016  , investment securities classified as AFS totaled   $59.7 million   and securities classified as HTM totaled   $999 thousand  , or   $60.7 million   combined, comprising   9.0%   of total assets. Total investment securities increased   $1.3 million  , or   2.3%  , from   $59.3 million  , or   9.4%   of total assets at   December 31, 2015  .   Net unrealized gains for the Company s AFS investment securities portfolio were   $969 thousand   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to net unrealized losses of   $42 thousand   as of   December 31, 2015  .  Net unrealized gains of   $640 thousand  , net of income tax effect, were reflected in the Company s accumulated OCI component of stockholders  equity at   September 30, 2016  .  Net unrealized gains in the Company's HTM investment securities portfolio were   $2 thousand   at   September 30, 2016   compared to net unrealized losses of   $101 thousand   at   December 31, 2015  .    No   declines in value were deemed by management to be OTT at   September 30, 2016  .  Deterioration in credit quality and/or imbalances in liquidity that may exist in the financial marketplace might adversely affect the fair values of the Company s investment portfolio and the amount of gains or losses ultimately realized on the sale of such securities, and may also increase the potential that certain resulting unrealized losses will be designated as OTT in future periods, resulting in write-downs and charges to earnings.  There was   $12.6 million   of investment securities pledged to secure various public deposits or customer repurchase agreements as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $25.7 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The decrease in investment  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 38 

securities pledged is attributable to municipal customers shifting funds away from collateralization agreements whereby Union pledged investment securities for their uninsured deposits, and into fully insured ICS money market accounts.  
    
  Deposits.    The following table shows information concerning the Company's average deposits by account type and weighted average nominal rates at which interest was paid on such deposits for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and year ended   December 31, 2015  : 

The Company participates in CDARS, which permits the Company to offer full deposit insurance coverage to its customers by exchanging deposit balances with other CDARS participants. CDARS also provides the Company with an additional source of funding and liquidity through the purchase of deposits. There were   $10.9 million   of time deposits of $250,000 or less on the balance sheet at   September 30, 2016   and   $11.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  , which were exchanged with other CDARS participants and are therefore considered for certain regulatory purposes to be  brokered  deposits. There were   no   purchased CDARS deposits at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The Company also participates in the ICS program, a service through which Union can offer its customers a savings product with access to unlimited FDIC insurance, while receiving reciprocal deposits from other banks.  Like the exchange of certificate of deposit accounts through CDARS, exchange of savings deposits through ICS provides full deposit insurance coverage for the customer, thereby helping Union retain the full amount of the deposit on its balance sheet.  As with the CDARS program, in addition to reciprocal deposits, participating banks may also purchase one-way ICS deposits. During the   third   quarter of   2016  , Union began offering an ICS money market account to its municipal and commercial customers. Several municipal customers began utilizing this account and as monies in time deposits matured they were placed into these money market accounts. There were   $20.9 million   and   $2.1 million   in exchanged ICS money market deposits on the balance sheet   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. As a result, an increase in the average balance and rate paid on total non-time deposit accounts occurred during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   with corresponding decreases in time deposits $100,000 and over.There were   no   purchased ICS deposits at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , there was   $3.0 million   in retail brokered deposits issued under master certificates of deposit to a deposit broker. These deposits will mature in $1.0 million increments in each of the next three years.  There were   no   such deposits at   December 31, 2015  . 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 39 

The following table provides a maturity distribution of the Company s time deposits in amounts of $100,000 and over at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

In total, the Company s time deposits in amounts of $100 thousand and over decreased   $46.4 million  , or   52.4%  , between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  , and the average total balance decreased from   $77.3 million   to   $69.4 million  . This decrease is primarily the result of several municipal customers placing funds that matured from time deposits on June 30, 2016 into a fully insured ICS money market account, with a corresponding change in the 3 to 6 months maturity time frame resulting from this movement in municipal deposit monies. 
    
  During   the first nine months   of   2016  , average total deposits grew   $14.9 million  , or   2.7%  , compared to the year ended   December 31, 2015  , with growth in all categories except time deposits. Time deposits at   September 30, 2016   decreased   $45.0 million  , or   29.9%  , from   December 31, 2015  , with the average balance decreasing   $8.2 million  . This decrease is the result of the third quarter shift in municipal deposit funds from time deposits to the ICS money market product, as well as time deposits trending towards short duration or migrating to nontime deposits because of the low interest rate environment and the perceived customer desire to be in a position to redeploy funds should there be a rise in interest rates.   
    
  A provision of the Dodd-Frank Act permanently raised FDIC deposit insurance coverage to $250 thousand per depositor per insured depository institution for each account ownership category.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had deposit accounts with less than $250 thousand totaling   $423.3 million  , or   74.0%   of its deposits, with FDIC insurance protection.  An additional   $11.0 million   of municipal deposits were over the FDIC insurance coverage limit at   September 30, 2016   and were collateralized by Union under applicable state regulations by investment securities. 
    
  Borrowings.   Total borrowed funds at   September 30, 2016   were   $37.5 million   compared to   $9.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  , a net increase of   $27.9 million  , or   292.2%  .  The FHLB option advance borrowings were   $36.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , at a weighted average rate of 1.42%, and   $7.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  , at a weighted average rate of 3.46%. During the third quarter of   2016  , Union took advantage of low rate borrowings that will be utilized to fund future loan demand and purchase investment securities. The increase in option advance borrowings reflects a $5 million one year bullet advance at 0.87%, a $10 million three year bullet advance at 1.33% and a $10 million 30 year option advance (callable after one year) at 0.39% taken during the third quarter of    2016  , as well as a $5.0 million seven year option advance (callable after two years) at 0.99% taken during the first quarter of   2016  . These advances were partially offset by scheduled monthly payments of $229 thousand on long-term FHLB amortizing advances.  In addition, the Company had overnight secured customer repurchase agreement sweeps at   September 30, 2016   of   $1.3 million  , at a weighted average rate of 0.23%, compared to   $1.6 million  , at a weighted average rate of 0.25% at   December 31, 2015  , a decrease of   $274 thousand  , or   16.9%  .  The volume of the overnight secured customer repurchase agreement sweeps is volatile and is a function of the customer's cash flow needs. 

Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements.    The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers, to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and to implement its strategic objectives.  These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, interest rate caps and floors written on adjustable-rate loans, commitments to participate in or sell loans, commitments to buy or sell securities, certificates of deposit or other investment instruments and risk-sharing commitments or guarantees on certain sold loans.  Such instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the balance sheet.  The contractual or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in a particular class of financial instruments. 
    
  The Company's maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments.  The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments.  For interest rate caps and floors written on adjustable-rate loans, the contractual or notional amounts do not represent the Company s exposure to credit loss.  The Company controls the risk of interest rate cap agreements through  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 40 

credit approvals, limits, and monitoring procedures.  The Company generally requires collateral or other security to support financial instruments with credit risk. 
    
  The following table details the contractual or notional amount of financial instruments that represented credit risk at the dates indicated: 

Commitments to originate loans are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have a fixed expiration date or other termination clause and may require payment of a fee.  Since many of the loan commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon and not all credit lines will be utilized, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Lines of credit incur seasonal volume fluctuations due to the nature of some customers' businesses, such as tourism and maple syrup products production. 
  The Company did not hold derivative or hedging instruments at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
  The Company s subsidiary bank is required (as are all banks) to maintain vault cash or a noninterest bearing reserve balance as established by FRB regulations.  The Bank s average total required reserve for the 14 day maintenance period including   September 30, 2016   was   $841 thousand   and for   December 31, 2015   was   $726 thousand  , both of which were satisfied by vault cash. 
    
  Contractual Obligations.   The Company and Union have various financial obligations, including contractual obligations that may require future cash payments.  The following table presents, as of   September 30, 2016  , significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations to third parties: 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    The amounts exclude interest payable. 
              (2) 
    While Union has a contractual obligation to depositors should they wish to withdraw all or some of the funds on deposit, management believes, based on historical analysis as well as current conditions in the financial markets, that the majority of these deposits will remain on deposit for the foreseeable future. 

Liquidity  .   Liquidity is a measurement of the Company s ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to fund deposit withdrawals, repay borrowings, fund investment and lending activities, and for other general business purposes.  The primary objective of liquidity management is to maintain a balance between sources and uses of funds to meet our cash flow needs in the most economical and expedient manner.  The Company s principal sources of funds are deposits; amortization, prepayment and maturity of loans, investment securities, interest bearing deposits and other short-term investments; sales of securities and loans AFS; earnings; and funds provided from operations.  Contractual principal repayments on loans are a relatively predictable source of funds, however, deposit flows and loan and investment prepayments can be significantly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and rates offered by our competitors.  Managing liquidity risk is essential to maintaining both depositor confidence and earnings stability. 
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 41 

As of   September 30, 2016  , Union, as a member of FHLB, had access to unused lines of credit up to $15.1 million over and above the   $36.2 million   in outstanding term advances with the purchase of required FHLB Class B common stock and evaluation by the FHLB of the underlying collateral available. This line of credit can be used for either short-term or long-term liquidity or other funding needs.  
    
  Union also maintains an IDEAL Way Line of Credit with the FHLB. The total line available was $551 thousand at   September 30, 2016  . There were no borrowings against this line of credit as of such date. Interest on this line is chargeable at a rate determined by the FHLB and payable monthly. Should Union utilize this line of credit, qualified portions of the loan and investment portfolios would collateralize these borrowings. 
    
  In addition to its borrowing arrangements with the FHLB, Union maintains two pre-approved federal funds lines of credit totaling  $12.0 million with two upstream correspondent banks and one-way buy options with CDARS and ICS as well as access to the FRB discount window, which would require pledging of qualified assets. Core deposits are the lowest cost of funds the Company has access to but these deposits may not be sufficient to cover the on balance sheet liquidity needs which makes using these other sources necessary.  In an attempt to control the cost of these other sources, an agreement was entered into with Promontory Interfinancial Network that locks in the cost of funds on purchased ICS deposits at 10 basis points over the federal funds rate for a period of one year.  At   September 30, 2016   there were no purchased ICS deposits under this agreement,   no   purchased CDARS deposits, and no outstanding advances on the federal funds lines or at the discount window. 
    
  Union's investment and residential loan portfolios provide a significant amount of contingent liquidity that could be accessed in a reasonable time period through sales of those portfolios. We also have additional contingent liquidity sources with access to the brokered deposit market and the FRB discount window. These sources are considered as liquidity alternatives in our contingent liquidity plan.  Management believes the Company has sufficient liquidity to meet all reasonable borrower, depositor, and creditor needs in the present economic environment.  However, any projections of future cash needs and flows are subject to substantial uncertainty, including factors outside the Company's control.  
    
  Capital Resources  .    Capital management is designed to maintain an optimum level of capital in a cost-effective structure that meets target regulatory ratios, supports management s internal assessment of economic capital, funds the Company s business strategies and builds long-term stockholder value.  Dividends are generally in line with long-term trends in earnings per share and conservative earnings projections, while sufficient profits are retained to support anticipated business growth, fund strategic investments, maintain required regulatory capital levels and provide continued support for deposits.  The Company continues to evaluate growth opportunities both through internal growth or potential acquisitions. 
    
  Stockholders  equity increased from   $53.6 million   at   December 31, 2015   to   $56.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  , reflecting net income of   $6.2 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , an increase of   $667 thousand   in accumulated OCI,   $49 thousand    of stock based compensation, a   $6 thousand   increase due to the issuance of common stock under the DRIP and a   $56 thousand   increase due to the issuance of   2,500   shares of common stock resulting from the exercise of   2,500   incentive stock options.  These increases were partially offset by cash dividends paid of   $3.7 million   and stock repurchases of   $6 thousand   during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The Company has 7,500,000 shares of $2.00 par value common stock authorized.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   4,934,296   shares issued, of which   4,459,654   were outstanding and   474,642   were held in treasury. 
    
  In January 2016, the Company's Board reauthorized the limited stock repurchase plan that was initially established in May of 2010 and has been reauthorized annually since that time. The limited stock repurchase plan allows the repurchase of up to a fixed number of shares of the Company's common stock each calendar quarter (currently 3,000 shares) in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, as management deems advisable and as market conditions may warrant.  The repurchase authorization for a calendar quarter expires at the end of that quarter to the extent it has not been exercised, and is not carried forward into future quarters.  The quarterly repurchase authorization expires on December 31, 2016, unless reauthorized.  The Company repurchased   213   shares during   the first nine months   of   2016   under this program at a total cost of   $6 thousand  .  
    
  During the first quarter of 2016 the Company adopted a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan whereby registered stockholders may elect to reinvest cash dividends and optional cash contributions to purchase additional  shares of the Company's common stock.  The Company has reserved 200,000 shares of its common stock for issuance and sale under the DRIP. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   190   shares of stock had been issued from treasury stock under the DRIP. 
    
  Under rules effective January 1, 2015, a bank holding company, such as the Company, is considered  well capitalized  if the bank holding company (i) has a total risk based capital ratio of at least 10%, (ii) has a Tier I risk-based capital ratio of at least 8%, and  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 42 

(iii) is not subject to any written agreement order, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. In addition, the FDIC has amended its prompt corrective action rules to reflect the revisions made by the new capital rules implementing Basel III. Under the FDIC s revised rules, which became effective January 1, 2015, an FDIC supervised institution is considered  well capitalized  if it (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater; (ii) a Tier I risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater; (iii) a common Tier I equity ratio of at least 6.5% or greater, (iv) a leverage capital ratio of 5.0% or greater; and (iv) is not subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. The final rule also requires unrealized gains and losses on certain  available-for-sale  securities holdings to be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital requirements unless a one-time opt-out is exercised. The Bank elected to opt-out of this regulatory capital provision. By opting out of the provision, the bank retains what is known as the accumulated other comprehensive income filter. The rule limits a banking organization s capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a  capital conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , both the Company and Union met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. There were no conditions or events between   September 30, 2016   and the date of this report that management believes have changed either Company s regulatory capital category. 

The Company remains focused on achieving its goals of long-term growth and an above-average shareholder return, while maintaining a strong capital position.  Management is aware of the particular importance in today s uncertain economic environment of maintaining strong capital reserves and planning for future capital needs, including those required by the Basel III capital standards through the final phase in period ending on January 1, 2019.  
    
  A quarterly cash dividend of   $0.28   per share was declared to stockholders of record on   October 29, 2016  , payable   November 8, 2016  . The dividend for the previous quarter was $0.28 per share.   
    
  Regulatory Matters.    The Company and Union are subject to periodic examinations by the various regulatory agencies.  These examinations include, but are not limited to, procedures designed to review lending practices, risk management, credit quality, liquidity, compliance and capital adequacy. In January of  2016 the FRB performed its regular, periodic examination of the Company. During 2015, the Vermont Department of Financial Regulation performed a regular safety and soundness examination of Union.  During 2014, the FDIC performed its regular, periodic regulatory examination of Union.  No comments were received that would have a material adverse effect on the Company s or Union s liquidity, financial position, capital resources, or results of operations. 

OTHER FINANCIAL CONSIDERATIONS 
  Market Risk and Interest Rate Risk  .    Market risk is the potential of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and equity prices. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any market risk sensitive instruments acquired for trading purposes. The Company s market risk arises primarily from interest rate risk inherent in its lending, investing, deposit taking and borrowing activities.  Management of interest rate risk is an important component of our asset and liability management process, which is governed by established policies that  
  
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 43 

are reviewed and approved annually.  Our investment policy details the types of securities that may be purchased, and establishes portfolio limits and maturity limits for the various sectors. Our investment policy also establishes specific investment quality limits.  The ALCO develops guidelines and strategies impacting our asset and liability management-related activities based upon estimated market risk sensitivity, policy limits and overall market interest rate levels and trends. Members of  the ALCO also manage the investment portfolio to maximize net interest income while mitigating market and interest rate risk.  
  Interest rate risk arises naturally from imbalances in repricing, maturity and cash flow characteristics of our assets and liabilities.     The ALCO takes into consideration the cash flow and repricing attributes of balance sheet and off-balance sheet items and their relation to possible changes in interest rates. The ALCO manages interest rate exposure primarily by using on-balance sheet strategies, generally accomplished through the management of the duration, rate sensitivity and average lives of our various investments, and by extending or shortening maturities of borrowed funds, as well as carefully managing and monitoring the maturities and pricing of loans and deposits. 
  An outside consultant is utilized to perform rate shocks of our balance sheet to assess our risk to earnings in different interest rate environments, and to perform a variety of other analyses. The consultant s most recent completed analysis was as of   September 30, 2016  . The base simulation assumed no changes in rates, as well as 200 and 300 basis point rising interest rate scenarios which assume a parallel shift of the yield curve over a one-year period, and no growth assumptions. Management is not aware of any significant changes in the Company's risk profile since the analysis was performed as of   December 31, 2015  .  A summary of the results is as follows:  
             
    Current/Flat Rates: If rates remain at current levels net interest income is projected to trend downward for the entire simulation as asset yields will continue to erode while funding costs provide little to no relief.  
                
    Rising Rates: Higher rates indicate positive results under all scenarios. Under the rising rate scenarios if rates rise in a parallel fashion, net interest income is projected to increase throughout the simulation as asset yields will reset in the higher rate environment and funding cost increases will lag.  
     The net interest income simulation as of   September 30, 2016   showed that the change in net interest income for the next 12 months from our expected or  most likely  forecast was as follows:  

The preceding sensitivity analysis does not represent our forecast and should not be relied upon as being indicative of expected operating results. These estimates are based upon numerous assumptions including, among others, the nature and timing of interest rate levels including yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit run-off rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits and reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows. While assumptions are developed based upon current economic and local market conditions, we cannot make any assurances as to the predictive nature of these assumptions including how customer preferences or competitor influences might change.  
  The model used to perform the base case balance sheet simulation assumes a parallel shift of the yield curve over twelve months and reprices every interest earning asset and interest bearing liability on our balance sheet, simultaneously. The use of pricing betas help simulate the expected pricing behavior regarding non-maturing deposits, limiting the rate increases that occur when market rates rise.  A historic analysis of the bank's prepayment history was performed and the results were used as a basis for future prepayment expectations. Investment securities with call provisions are examined on an individual basis to estimate the likelihood of a call.  
  As market conditions vary from those assumed in the sensitivity analysis, actual results will likely differ due to: the varying impact of changes in the balances and mix of loans and deposits differing from those assumed, the impact of possible off balance sheet commitments, and other internal/external variables. Furthermore, the sensitivity analysis does not reflect all actions that the ALCO might take in responding to or anticipating changes in interest rates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  Information called for by this item is incorporated by reference in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption OTHER FINANCIAL CONSIDERATIONS on page 44. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 44 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the assistance of the Disclosure Control Committee, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of   September 30, 2016  .  Based on this evaluation they concluded that those disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms.  Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files with the Commission is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required information. 
  Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting.    There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II  OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
  There are no known pending legal proceedings to which the Company or its subsidiary is a party, or to which any of their properties is subject, other than ordinary litigation arising in the normal course of business activities. Although the amount of any ultimate liability with respect to such proceedings cannot be determined, in the opinion of management, any such liability is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiary. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes in the risk factors discussed in Part I-Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, since the date of the filing of that report. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not issue any unregistered equity securities. 
  There was no repurchase of the Company's equity securities during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
                 31.1 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 
      32.2 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 
      101 
    The following materials from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, (ii) the unaudited consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows and (v) related notes. 

____________________ 
           * 
    This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
     
   Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 45 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. 

November 9, 2016 
      
    /s/ David S. Silverman 

David S. Silverman 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 9, 2016 
      
    /s/ Karyn J. Hale 

Karyn J. Hale 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                 31.1 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 

32.2 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 

101 
    The following materials from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, (ii) the unaudited consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows and (v) related notes. 

____________________ 
           * 
    This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Union Bankshares, Inc.    Page 46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a93016exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, David S. Silverman, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Union Bankshares, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4.  
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
              (a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c)  
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations;  
              (d)  
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5.  
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors: 
              (a)  
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b)  
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 9, 2016    
    
                 /s/ David S. Silverman 
      
      David S. Silverman 
  Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a93016exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Karyn J. Hale, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Union Bankshares, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4.  
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
              (a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c)  
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations;  
              (d)  
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5.  
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors: 
              (a)  
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b)  
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 9, 2016    
    
                 /s/ Karyn J. Hale 
      
      Karyn J. Hale 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a93016exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Union Bankshares, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to the best of his knowledge:  1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Union Bankshares, Inc. and will be retained by Union Bankshares, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                 /s/ David S. Silverman 
      
      David S. Silverman 
  Chief Executive Officer 

November 9, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a93016exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Union Bankshares, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to the best of her knowledge:  1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Union Bankshares, Inc. and will be retained by Union Bankshares, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                 /s/ Karyn J. Hale 
      
      Karyn J. Hale 
  Chief Financial Officer 

November 9, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 unb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 unb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 unb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 unb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 unb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 unb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

