<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1057706_0001057706-16-000035_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>42234128</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>372566</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1420127</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16048655</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>18019764</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3449532</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>125</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001057706-16-000035.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109155321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001057706-16-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		169
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST BANCORP /PR/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001057706
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				660561882
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14793
		FILM NUMBER:		161984110

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1519 PONCE DE LEON AVE
		STREET 2:		SANTURCE
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00908-0146
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7877298200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1519 PONCE DE LEON AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 9146
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00908-0146

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001057706-16-000035.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 fbp09302016x10q.htm
 10Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington, DC  20549   

   ____________   

FORM 10-Q   

  (Mark One)  

[X]            QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

[   ]         TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from ___________________ to
___________________  

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-14793  

First
BanCorp.    

(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)  

Puerto Rico  

66-0561882  

(State or other jurisdiction of  
    incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. employer  
    identification number)  

1519 Ponce de Le n Avenue, Stop 23  
    Santurce, Puerto Rico  
    (Address of principal executive offices)  

00908  
    (Zip Code)  

(787) 729-8200  

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Not applicable  
    (Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
  if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

  Yes             No          

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).    

Yes          No        

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer                                                                                      
              Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   Smaller reporting company

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).  

   Yes           No        

  Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date.  

Common
stock: 217,419,933 shares outstanding as of October 31, 2016.  

FIRST
BANCORP.   

   INDEX PAGE   

2             

Forward Looking
Statements   

This Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which are
subject to the safe harbors created by such sections.  When used in this Form
10-Q or future filings by First BanCorp. (the  Corporation ) with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), in the Corporation s press releases
or in other public or stockholder communications, or in oral statements made
with the approval of an authorized executive officer, the words or phrases
 would,   intends,   will likely result,   expect to,   should,   anticipate, 
 look forward,   believes,  and other terms of similar meaning or import in
connection with any discussion of future operating, financial or other
performance are meant to identify  forward-looking statements.   

FirstBanCorp. wishes to caution readers
not to place undue reliance on any such  forward-looking statements,  which
speak only as of the date made, and to advise readers that these
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
certain risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions by us that are
difficult to predict.  Various factors, some of which are beyond our control,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or
implied by, such forward-looking statements.  Factors that might cause such a
difference include, but are not limited to, the risks described or referenced
below in Item 1A.  Risk Factors,  and the following:  

the ability of the Puerto Rico
government or any of its public corporations or other instrumentalities to
repay its respective debt obligations, including the effect of recent payment
defaults on the Puerto Rico government general obligations, bonds of the
Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico (the  GDB ) and certain bonds of
government public corporations, and recent and any future downgrades of the
long-term and short-term debt ratings of the Puerto Rico government, which
could exacerbate Puerto Rico s adverse economic conditions and, in turn,
further adversely impact the Corporation;  

uncertainty as to the ultimate
outcomes of actions resulting from the enactment by the U.S. government of the
Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA) to
address Puerto Rico s financial problems;  

uncertainty about whether the
Corporation will be able to continue to fully comply with the written agreement
dated June 3, 2010 (the  Written Agreement ) that the Corporation entered into
with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the  New York FED  or  Federal
Reserve ) that, among other things, requires the Corporation to serve as a
source of strength to FirstBank Puerto Rico ( FirstBank  or the  Bank ) and
that, except with the consent generally of the New York FED and the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve Board ),
prohibits the Corporation from paying dividends to stockholders or receiving
dividends from FirstBank, making payments on trust preferred securities or
subordinated debt and incurring, increasing or guaranteeing debt or
repurchasing any capital securities and uncertainty whether such consent will
be provided for future interest payments on the subordinated debt despite the
consent that enabled the Corporation to pay all the accrued but deferred
interest payments plus the interest for the second and third quarters of 2016
on the Corporation s subordinated debentures associated with its trust
preferred securities;  

a decrease in demand for the
Corporation s products and services and lower revenues and earnings because of
the continued recession in Puerto Rico;   

uncertainty as to the availability
of certain funding sources, such as retail brokered certificates of deposit
( brokered CDs    

the Corporation s reliance on
brokered CDs to fund operations and provide liquidity;   

the risk of not being able to
fulfill the Corporation s cash obligations or resume paying dividends to the
Corporation s stockholders in the future due to the Corporation s need to
receive approval from the New York FED and the Federal Reserve Board to declare
or pay any dividends and to take dividends or any other form of payment
representing a reduction in capital from FirstBank or FirstBank s failure to
generate sufficient cash flow to make a dividend payment to the Corporation;  

the weakness of the real estate
markets and of the consumer and commercial sectors and their impact on the
credit quality of the Corporation s loans and other assets, which have
contributed and may continue to contribute to, among other things, high levels
of non-performing assets, charge-offs and provisions for loan and lease losses
and may subject the Corporation to further risk from loan defaults and
foreclosures;  

the ability of FirstBank to
realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets subject to the remaining
valuation allowance;  

adverse changes in general
economic conditions in Puerto Rico, the U.S., and the U.S. Virgin Islands
( USVI ) and British Virgin Islands ( BVI ), including the interest rate
environment, market liquidity, housing absorption rates, real estate prices,
and disruptions in the U.S. capital markets, which reduced interest margins and
affected funding sources, and has affected      

3             

demand for
all of the Corporation s products and services and reduced the Corporation s
revenues and earnings, and the value of the Corporation s assets, and may
continue to have these effects;  

an adverse change in the
Corporation s ability to attract new clients and retain existing ones;  

the risk that additional portions
of the unrealized losses in the Corporation s investment portfolio are
determined to be other-than-temporary, including additional impairments on the
Puerto Rico government s obligations;      

uncertainty about regulatory and
legislative changes for financial services companies in Puerto Rico, the U.S.,
the USVI and the BVI, which could affect the Corporation s financial condition
or performance and could cause the Corporation s actual results for future
periods to differ materially from prior results and anticipated or projected
results;  

changes in the fiscal and monetary
policies and regulations of the U.S. federal government and the Puerto Rico and
other governments, including those determined by the Federal Reserve Board, the
New York FED, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ),
government-sponsored housing agencies, and regulators in Puerto Rico, the USVI and
the BVI;  

the risk of possible failure or
circumvention of controls and procedures and the risk that the Corporation s
risk management policies may not be adequate;  

the risk that the FDIC may
increase the deposit insurance premium and/or require special assessments to
replenish its insurance fund, causing an additional increase in the
Corporation s non-interest expenses;   

the impact on the Corporation s
results of operations and financial condition of acquisitions and dispositions;

a need to recognize impairments on
the Corporation s financial instruments, goodwill or other intangible assets
relating to acquisitions;   

the risk that downgrades in the
credit ratings of the Corporation s long-term senior debt will adversely affect
the Corporation s ability to access necessary external funds;  

the impact on the Corporation s
businesses, business practices and results of operations of a potential higher
interest rate environment; and  

general competitive factors and
industry consolidation.  

The Corporation does not undertake, and
specifically disclaims any obligation, to update or revise any of the
 forward-looking statements  to reflect occurrences or unanticipated events or
circumstances after the date of such statements, except as required by the
federal securities laws.  

Investors should refer to the
Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015,
as well as  Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors  in this quarterly report on Form
10-Q, for a discussion of such factors and certain risks and uncertainties to
which the Corporation is subject.  

4             

FIRST BANCORP.    

    CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION    

    (Unaudited)    

5             

FIRST BANCORP.    

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME     

    (Unaudited)    

6             

FIRST BANCORP.    

    CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     

    (Unaudited)    

7             

FIRST BANCORP.    

    CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

     (Unaudited)     

8             

FIRST BANCORP.    

    CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY    

    (Unaudited)    

9             

FIRST BANCORP.    

    NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

    (Unaudited)    

1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES     

The Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) of First
BanCorp. (the  Corporation ) have been prepared in conformity with the
accounting policies stated in the Corporation s Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements included in the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. Certain information and note disclosures normally
included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have
been condensed or omitted from these statements pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the SEC and, accordingly, these financial statements should be
read  in conjunction with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2015, which are included in the
Corporation s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. All adjustments (consisting only
of normal recurring adjustments) that are, in the opinion of management,
necessary for a fair presentation of the statement of financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods have been
reflected. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.   

During the second
quarter of 2016, the Corporation reviewed its historical accounting treatment
as loans of its $156.2 million of financing arrangements with Puerto Rico
municipalities issued in bond form, but underwritten as loans with features
that are typically found in commercial loan transactions. This review came as a
result of the determination of the Federal Reserve Board that the transactions
must be treated for regulatory reporting purposes as investment securities. 
The Puerto Rico Municipal Finance Act (the  Act ) requires the designation of financing
arrangements obtained by municipalities with maturities greater than 8 years as
 special obligation bonds  subject to specific provisions under the Act.  The
Corporation concluded that the impact of accounting for the transactions as
investment securities rather than loans does not have a material effect on
previously reported results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows
and, accordingly, these financing arrangements have been accounted for and
reported as held-to-maturity investment securities and not as loans since the
second quarter of 2016.   

The results of
operations for the quarter and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 are
not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire year.     

Adoption of new accounting requirements
and recently issued but not yet effective accounting requirements    

The Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) has issued the following accounting
pronouncements and guidance relevant to the Corporation s operations:   

In March 2016,
the FASB updated the Accounting Standards Codification (the  Codification  or
the  ASC ) to simplify certain aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions. The main provisions in this Update include: (i) recognition of
all tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on
share-base payment awards) as income tax expense or benefit in the income
statement, (ii) classification of the excess tax benefit along with other
income tax cash flows as an operating activity, (iii) an entity-wide accounting
policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to
vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur, (iv) a
threshold to qualify for equity classification which permits withholding up to
the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable jurisdictions, and (v)
classification of cash paid by an employer as a financing activity when the payment
results from the withholding of shares for tax withholding purposes. In
addition to those simplifications, the amendments eliminate the guidance in ASC
718 that was indefinitely deferred shortly after the issuance of FASB Statement
No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment. This should not result in a change
in practice because the guidance that is being superseded was never effective.
For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those annual periods.     The
Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance
on its consolidated financial statements.   

In March 2016, the
FASB updated the Codification to require an equity method investor to add the
cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis
of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting
as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting.
Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive
adjustment of the investment is required. Also, this Update requires that an
entity that has an available-for sale equity security that becomes qualified
for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized
holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the
investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. The amendments in
this Update are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The
amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to
increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result
in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted.     The Corporation is currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of this guidance, if any, on its consolidated
financial statements.   

In June 2016, the FASB updated the
Codification and issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments   Credit Losses
(Topic 326), which introduces new guidance for the accounting for credit losses
on instruments within its scope. The new guidance introduces an       

10             

approach based on expected losses to estimate credit
losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the
impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities and provides for a
simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit
deterioration since their origination.   

   The new model, referred to as the current
expected credit losses (CECL) model, will apply to: (1) financial assets
subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost and (2) certain
off-balance sheet credit exposures. This includes loans, held-to-maturity debt
securities, loan commitments, financial guarantees, and net investments in
leases, as well as reinsurance and trade receivables. Upon initial recognition
of the exposure, the CECL model requires an entity to estimate the credit
losses expected over the life of an exposure (or pool of exposures). The
estimate of expected credit losses (ECL) should consider historical
information, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts,
including estimates of prepayments. Financial instruments with similar risk
characteristics should be grouped together when estimating ECL. The ASU does
not prescribe a specific method to make the estimate so its application will
require significant judgment.   

   Generally, upon initial recognition of a
financial asset the estimate of the ECL will be recorded through an allowance
for loan and lease losses with an offset to current earnings. Subsequently, the
ECL will need to be reassessed each period, and both negative and positive
changes to the estimate will be recognized through an adjustment to the
allowance for loan and lease losses and earnings.   

   The ASU amends the current
other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) model for available-for-sale debt
securities. The new available-for-sale debt security model will require an estimate
of ECL only when the fair value is below the amortized cost of the asset. The
length of time the fair value of an available-for-sale debt security has been
below the amortized cost will no longer impact the determination of whether a
credit loss exists. As such, the new available-for-sale debt security model is
not an OTTI model. In addition, credit losses on available-for-sale debt
securities will now be limited to the difference between the security s
amortized cost basis and its fair value. The available-for-sale debt security
model will also require the use of an allowance to record estimated credit
losses (and subsequent recoveries).    

   The purchased financial assets with credit
deterioration (PCD) model applies to purchased financial assets (measured at
amortized cost or available-for-sale) that have experienced more than
insignificant credit deterioration since origination. This represents a change
from the scope of what are considered purchased credit-impaired assets under
today s model. In contrast to the accounting for originated or purchased assets
that do not qualify as PCD, the initial estimate of expected credit losses for
a PCD would be recognized through an allowance for loan and lease losses with
an offset to the cost basis of the related financial asset at acquisition
(i.e., there is no impact to net income at initial recognition). Subsequently,
the accounting will follow the applicable CECL or available-for-sale debt
security impairment model with all adjustments of the allowance for loan and
lease losses recognized through earnings. Beneficial interests classified as
held-to-maturity or available-for-sale will need to apply the PCD model if the
beneficial interest meets the definition of PCD or if there is a significant
difference between contractual and expected cash flows at initial recognition.   

In general, the new guidance will require
modified retrospective application to all outstanding instruments, with a
cumulative effect adjustment recorded to opening retained earnings as of the
beginning of the first period in which the guidance becomes effective. However,
prospective application is required for PCD assets previously accounted for
under ASC 310-30 and for debt securities for which an other-than-temporary
impairment was recognized prior to the date of adoption.   

ASU 2016-13 also expands the disclosure
requirements regarding an entity s assumptions, models, and methods for
estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses. In addition, public
business entities will need to disclose the amortized cost balance for each
class of financial asset by credit quality indicator, disaggregated by the year
of origination (i.e., by vintage year).   

The ASU will be effective for public
business entities that are SEC filers in fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
application of the guidance will be permitted for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The
Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance
on its consolidated financial statements.    

In August 2016, the FASB updated the
Codification to provide specific guidance on the classification and
presentation of certain cash payments and cash receipts in the statement of
cash flows. This guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how
certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The
amendments in this Update provide guidance on the following eight specific cash
flow issues: (1) Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs: Cash payments
for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs should be classified as cash
outflows for financing activities; (2) Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt
Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are
Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing: At
the settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with
coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective
interest rate of the borrowing, the issuer should classify the portion of the cash
payment attributable to the accreted interest related to the debt discount as
cash outflows for operating activities, and the portion of the cash payment
attributable to the principal as cash outflows for financing activities; (3)
Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination: Cash
payments not made soon after the acquisition date of a business combination by
an acquirer to settle a contingent consideration       

11             

liability
should be separated and classified as cash outflows for financing activities
and operating activities. Cash payments up to the amount of the contingent
consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date (including
measurement-period adjustments) should be classified as financing activities;
any excess should be classified as operating activities. Cash payments made
soon after the acquisition date of a business combination by an acquirer to
settle a contingent consideration liability should be classified as cash
outflows for investing activities; (4) Proceeds from the Settlement of
Insurance Claims: Cash proceeds received from the settlement of insurance
claims should be classified on the basis of the related insurance coverage
(that is, the nature of the loss). For insurance proceeds that are received in
a lump-sum settlement, an entity should determine the classification on the
basis of the nature of each loss included in the settlement; (5) Proceeds from
the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned
Life Insurance Policies: Cash proceeds received from the settlement of
corporate-owned life insurance policies should be classified as cash inflows
from investing activities. The cash payments for premiums on corporate-owned
policies may be classified as cash outflows for investing activities, operating
activities, or a combination of investing and operating activities; (6)
Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees: When a reporting entity
applies the equity method, it should make an accounting policy election to
classify distributions received from equity method investees using either of
the following approaches: a. Cumulative earnings approach: Distributions
received are considered returns on investment and classified as cash inflows
from operating activities, unless the investor s cumulative distributions
received less distributions received in prior periods that were determined to
be returns of investment exceed cumulative equity in earnings recognized by the
investor. When such an excess occurs, the current-period distribution up to
this excess should be considered a return of investment and classified as cash
inflows from investing activities. b. Nature of the distribution approach:
Distributions received should be classified on the basis of the nature of the
activity or activities of the investee that generated the distribution as
either a return on investment (classified as cash inflows from operating
activities) or a return of investment (classified as cash inflows from
investing activities) when such information is available to the investor. If an
entity elects to apply the nature of the distribution approach and the
information to apply that approach to distributions received from an individual
equity method investee is not available to the investor, the entity should report
a change in accounting principle on a retrospective basis by applying the
cumulative earnings approach in (a) for that investee. In such situations, an
entity should disclose that a change in accounting principle has occurred with
respect to the affected investee(s) due to the lack of available information
and should provide the disclosures required in paragraphs 250-10-50-1(b) and
250-10-50-2, as applicable. This amendment does not address equity method
investments measured using the fair value option; (7) Beneficial Interests in
Securitization Transactions: A transferor s beneficial interest obtained in a
securitization of financial assets should be disclosed as a non cash activity,
and cash receipts from payments on a transferor s beneficial interests in
securitized trade receivables should be classified as cash inflows from
investing activities; (8) Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of
the Predominance Principle: The classification of cash receipts and payments
that have aspects of more than one class of cash flows should be determined
first by applying specific guidance in generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP). In the absence of specific guidance, an entity should determine each
separately identifiable source or use within the cash receipts and cash
payments on the basis of the nature of the underlying cash flows. An entity
should then classify each separately identifiable source or use within the cash
receipts and payments on the basis of their nature in financing, investing, or
operating activities. In situations in which cash receipts and payments have
aspects of more than one class of cash flows and cannot be separated by source
or use, the appropriate classification should depend on the activity that is
likely to be the predominant source or use of cash flows for the item. For
public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in this Update
should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period
presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for
some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively
as of the earliest date practicable. The Corporation is currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of this guidance, if any, on its consolidated
financial statements.   

In October 2016, the FASB updated the
Codification to improve the accounting for the income tax consequences of
intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. With this Update,
entities are required to recognize the income tax consequences of an
intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory, when the transfer
occurs. Under current GAAP, the recognition of current and deferred income
taxes for an intra-entity assets transfer is prohibited until the assets are
sold to an outside party. This Update does not include new disclosure
requirements; however, existing disclosure requirements might be applicable
when accounting for the current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity transfer
of an asset other than inventory. For example, GAAP requires an entity to
disclose a comparison of income tax expense (benefit) with statutory
expectations (a rate reconciliation for public entities or a description of the
nature of each significant reconciling item for nonpublic entities) and also
requires an entity to disclose the types of temporary differences and
carryforwards that give rise to a significant portion of deferred income taxes.
For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is
permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for
which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been issued or made
available for issuance. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of
the adoption of this guidance, if any, on its consolidated financial
statements.   

In October 2016, the FASB updated the
Codification to     modify
the criteria used by a reporting entity when determining if it is the primary
beneficiary of a variable interest entity ( VIE ) when the entities are under
common control and the reporting entity has indirect interests in the VIE
through related parties. If the reporting entity meets the first criteria in
that it has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that are most
significant to its economic performance, it is required to consider all
interests held indirectly through related entities in determining if it meets
the second criterion, the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE, or the right
to receive       

12             

benefits from it that are potentially
significant to the VIE.     The
amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim
period. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of
this guidance, if any, on its consolidated financial statements.      

NOTE 2   EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE      

Earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income
attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares issued and outstanding. Net income attributable to common stockholders
represents net income adjusted for any preferred stock dividends, including any
dividends declared and any cumulative dividends related to the current dividend
period that have not been declared as of the end of the period.    

Potential common shares consist of
common stock issuable under the assumed exercise of stock options, unvested
shares of restricted stock, and outstanding warrants using the treasury stock
method. This method assumes that the potential common shares are issued and the
proceeds from the exercise, in addition to the amount of compensation cost
attributable to future services, are used to purchase common stock at the
exercise date. The difference between the number of potential shares issued and
the shares purchased is added as incremental shares to the actual number of
shares outstanding to compute diluted earnings per share. Stock options,
unvested shares of restricted stock, and outstanding warrants that result in
lower potential shares issued than shares purchased under the treasury stock
method are not included in the computation of dilutive earnings per share since
their inclusion would have an antidilutive effect on earnings per share. Stock
options not included in the computation of outstanding shares because they were
antidilutive amounted to 34,989 and   69,848   as of September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively.     

13             

NOTE 3   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION    

As of January 21, 2007, the Corporation s
1997 stock option plan expired and no additional awards could be granted under
that plan. A  ll outstanding awards granted
under this plan have continued in full force and effect since then, subject to
their original terms. No awards of shares could be granted under the 1997 stock
option plan as of its expiration.     

On May 24, 2016, the
Corporation s stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the First
BanCorp  Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended (the  Omnibus Plan ), to, among
other things, increase the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for
issuance under the Omnibus Plan, to extend the term of the Omnibus Plan to May
24, 2026 and to re-approve the material terms of the performance goals under
the Omnibus Plan for purposes of Section 162(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. The Omnibus Plan provides for equity-based
compensation incentives (the  awards ) through the grant of stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units,
performance shares, cash-based awards and other stock-based awards. The Omnibus
Plan authorizes the issuance of up to          14,169,807            shares of common stock, subject
to adjustments for stock splits, reorganizations, and other similar events. As
of September 30, 2016,   6,924,391   shares of common stock were
available for issuance under the Omnibus Plan. The Corporation s Board of
Directors, upon receiving the relevant recommendation of the Compensation
Committee, has the power and authority to determine those eligible to receive
awards and to establish the terms and conditions of any awards, subject to
various limits and vesting restrictions that apply to individual and aggregate
awards.   

Under the Omnibus
Plan, during the first nine months of 2016,   130,873   shares of restricted stock
were awarded to the Corporation s independent directors subject to a one-year
vesting period. Also during the first nine months of 2016, the Corporation
issued   1,794,702   shares of restricted stock
to employees subject to vesting periods that range from 2 to 3 years. Included
in those 1,794,702 shares of restricted stock are   1,546,137   shares granted to certain
senior officers consistent with the requirements of the Troubled Asset Relief
Program ( TARP ) Interim Final Rule, which permit TARP recipients to grant
 long-term restricted stock  without violating the prohibition on paying or
accruing a bonus payment provided that:     (i) the value of the grant may not exceed
one-third of the amount of the employee s annual compensation, (ii) no portion
of the grant may vest before two years after the grant date, and (iii) the
grant must be subject to a further restriction on transfer or payment as
described below. Specifically, the stock that has otherwise vested may not
become transferable at any time earlier than as permitted under the schedule
set forth by TARP, which is based on the repayment in     25  %   increments of the
aggregate financial assistance received from the U.S. Treasury. Hence,
notwithstanding the vesting period mentioned above, the senior officers covered
by TARP are restricted from transferring the shares. The U.S. Treasury
confirmed that, effective March 2014, it has recovered more than     25  %   of its investment
in First BanCorp. Therefore, the restrictions on transfer relating to 25% of certain
shares granted under TARP requirements have been released.   

The fair value
of the shares of restricted stock granted in the first nine months of 2016 was
based on the market price of the Corporation s outstanding common stock on the
date of the grant. For the     1,546,137   shares of restricted
stock granted under the TARP requirements, the market price was discounted due to
TARP transferability restrictions. For purposes of determining the awards  fair
value, the Corporation estimated an appreciation of   14  %   in the value of
the common stock using the Capital Asset Pricing Model as a basis of what would
be a market participant s expected return on the Corporation s stock and
assumed that the U.S. Treasury would hold the common stock of the Corporation
that it currently owns for a period not to exceed two years, resulting in a
fair value of   $  1.43   for each share of restricted
stock granted under the TARP requirements.   Also, the Corporation used
empirical data to estimate employee terminations; separate groups of employees
that have similar historical exercise behavior were considered separately for
valuation purposes.     

14             

For the quarter and nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation recognized $  1.0   million and $  2.9   million, respectively, of
stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards, compared
to $  0.9   million and $  2.9   million for the same
periods in 2015. As of September 30, 2016, there was $  4.6   million of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares of restricted stock.
The weighted average period over which the Corporation expects to recognize
such cost is 1.4 years.   

During the first nine months
of 2015,   219,531   shares of restricted stock
were awarded to the Corporation s independent directors subject to vesting
periods that range from 1 to 5 years. In addition, during the first nine months
of 2015, the Corporation issued   793,964
  shares of restricted
stock to employees subject to vesting periods that range from 3 months to 3
years. Included in those 793,964 shares of restricted stock are   615,464   shares granted to certain
senior officers consistent with the requirements of TARP. The employees covered
by TARP are restricted from transferring the shares, subject to certain
conditions as explained above.   

The fair value of the shares
of restricted stock granted in the first nine months of 2015 was based on the
market price of the Corporation s outstanding common stock on the date of the
grant. For the 615,464 shares of restricted stock granted under the TARP
requirements, the market price was discounted due to the post-vesting
restrictions. For purposes of computing the discount, the Corporation estimated
an appreciation of   14  % in the value of the
common stock using the Capital Asset Pricing Model as a basis of what would be
a market participant s expected return on the Corporation s stock and assumed
that the U.S. Treasury would hold the common stock of the Corporation that it
owned as of the date of the grants for a period not to exceed one year,
resulting in a fair value of $  3.18   for restricted shares
granted under the TARP requirements.    

Stock-based
compensation accounting guidance requires the Corporation to reverse
compensation expense for any awards that were forfeited due to employee or
director turnover. Approximately $  5   thousand and $  36   thousand of compensation
expense was reversed during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015,
respectively, related to forfeited awards.   

Also, under the Omnibus Plan, effective
April 1, 2013, the Corporation s Board of Directors determined to increase the
salary amounts paid to certain executive officers primarily by paying the
increased salary amounts in the form of shares of the Corporation s common
stock, instead of cash. During the first nine months of 2016, the Corporation
issued   629,476   shares of common stock
(first nine months of 2015     330,254   shares) with a weighted
average market value of $  3.60   (first nine months of 2015
  $  5.14  ) as salary stock
compensation. This resulted in a compensation expense of $  2.2   million recorded in the
first nine months of 2016 (first nine months of 2015   $  1.7   million).     

For the
first nine months of 2016, the Corporation withheld   189,604   shares (first nine months
of 2015     108,731   shares) from the common
stock paid to certain senior officers as additional compensation and   65,498   shares of restricted stock
that vested during the first nine months of 2016 (first nine months of 2015     72,918  ) to cover employees 
payroll and income tax withholding liabilities; these shares are held as
treasury shares. The Corporation paid any fractional share of salary stock that
the officer was entitled to in cash. In the consolidated financial statements,
the Corporation treats shares withheld for tax purposes as common stock
repurchases.     

15             

NOTE 4   INVESTMENT SECURITIES    

Investment
Securities Available for Sale     

The amortized cost, non-credit
loss component of other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) recorded in other
comprehensive income ( OCI ), gross unrealized gains and losses recorded in
OCI, approximate fair value, and weighted average yield of investment
securities available for sale by contractual maturities as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:     

16             

Maturities of mortgage-backed securities
are based on contractual terms assuming no prepayments. Expected maturities of
investments might differ from contractual maturities because they may be
subject to prepayments and/or call options. The weighted average yield on
investment securities available for sale is based on amortized cost and,
therefore, does not give effect to changes in fair value. The net unrealized
gain or loss on securities available for sale and the non-credit loss component
of OTTI are presented as part of OCI.     

17             

The following tables show the
Corporation s available-for-sale investments  fair value and gross unrealized
losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual
securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The tables also include debt securities for
which an OTTI was recognized and only the amount related to a credit loss was
recognized in earnings. For     unrealized losses for which OTTI was recognized, the related
credit loss was charged against the amortized cost basis of the debt security.           

18             

Assessment
for OTTI on Available-For-Sale Securities    

Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies, U.S. government-sponsored
entities and the U.S. Treasury accounted for approximately   97  % of the total available-for-sale
portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and no credit losses are expected, given the
explicit and implicit guarantees provided by the U.S. federal government. The
Corporation s OTTI assessment was concentrated mainly on available-for-sale Puerto
Rico Government debt securities, with an amortized cost of $  43.5  million, and on private
label mortgage-backed securities ( MBS ) with an amortized cost of $  30.6   million, and for which
credit losses are evaluated on a quarterly basis. The Corporation considered
the following factors in determining whether a credit loss exists and the
period over which the debt security is expected to recover:   

The length of
time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized
cost basis;  

Any adverse
change to the credit conditions and liquidity of the issuer, taking into
consideration the latest information available about the financial condition of
the issuer, credit ratings, the failure of the issuer to make scheduled
principal or interest payments, recent legislation and government actions
affecting the issuer s industry and actions taken by the issuer to deal with
the present economic climate;  

Changes in the
near term prospects of the underlying collateral of a security, if any, such as
changes in default rates, loss severity given default, and significant changes
in prepayment assumptions; and  

The level of cash
flows generated from the underlying collateral, if any, supporting the
principal and interest payments of the debt securities.  

The Corporation recorded OTTI losses
on available-for-sale debt securities as follows:    

19             

The following tables summarize the
  roll-forward of credit losses on debt securities held by the Corporation for
  which a portion of an OTTI is recognized in OCI:  

Cumulative OTTI credit losses recognized
  in earnings on securities still held   

Credit impairments   

Credit impairments   

June 30,   

recognized in earnings   

recognized in earnings on   

September 30,   

2016   

on securities not    

securities that have been   

2016   

Balance   

previously impaired   

previously impaired   

Balance   

(In thousands)  

Available-for-sale
  securities  

Puerto Rico
  Government obligations  

$  

22,189  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

22,189  

Private
  label MBS  

6,792  

-  

-  

6,792  

Total OTTI
  credit losses for available-for-sale  

debt
  securities  

$  

28,981  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

28,981  

20             

In the first
quarter of 2016, the Corporation recorded a $  6.3  million OTTI charge on
three Puerto Rico Government debt securities held by the Corporation as part of
its available-for-sale securities portfolio, specifically bonds of the GDB
maturing on February 1, 2019 and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority
maturing on July 1, 2028. This was the third OTTI charge on these securities
recorded since June 30, 2015, as OTTI charges of $  12.9   million and $  3.0   million were booked in the
second and fourth quarters of 2015, respectively, and reduced the amortized
cost basis of these three Puerto Rico Government debt securities to $  35.6  million as of September 30,
2016, including accrued interest of $  0.9
  million.  

During the first nine months of 2016, in consideration of the latest available
information about the Puerto Rico Government s financial condition, including
the enactment of a debt moratorium law and the declaration of a state of
emergency at the GDB, the issuance of the GDB and the Commonwealth s audited
financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014, as well as the
issuance of exchange proposals with the Commonwealth s creditors related to its
outstanding bond obligations, the Corporation applied a discounted cash flow
analysis to its Puerto Rico Government debt securities in order to calculate
the cash flows expected to be collected and to determine if any portion of the
decline in market value of these securities was considered a credit-related
other-than-temporary impairment. The analysis derives an estimate of value
based on the present value of risk-adjusted cash flows of the underlying securities
and included the following components:  

The contractual future cash flows
of the bonds are projected based on the key terms as set forth in the official
statements for each security. Such key terms include, among others, the
interest rate, amortization schedule, if any, and maturity date.   

The risk-adjusted cash flows are
calculated based on a probability of default analysis and recovery rate
assumptions, including the weighting of different scenarios of ultimate
recovery, considering the credit rating of each security. Constant monthly
default rates are assumed throughout the life of the bonds, which considers the
respective security's credit rating as of the date of the analysis.   

The adjusted future cash flows are
then discounted at the original effective yield of each investment based on the
purchase price and expected risk-adjusted future cash flows as of the purchase
date of each investment.  

The discounted risk-adjusted cash flow analysis for
the three Puerto Rico Government bonds mentioned above assumed a default
probability of   100  %, thus reflecting that it
is more likely than not that these three bonds will default during their
remaining terms. Based on this analysis, the Corporation determined that it is
unlikely to receive all of the remaining contractual interest and principal
amounts when due on these bonds and recorded, in the first quarter of  2016,
other-than-temporary credit-related impairment charges amounting to $6.3
million, assuming recovery rates ranging from   35  % to   80  % (with a weighted average
of   61  %). On August 1, 2016, the GDB
defaulted on a $28 million payment of interest due to its creditors, including
interest due on bonds held by the Corporation. Similarly, the Puerto Rico
Public Building Authority made only a partial payment on its interest payment
due on October 1, 2016. In the third quarter of 2016, as a result of the recent
defaults, the Corporation discontinued income recognition related to, and
placed in non-performing status, the bonds of the GDB and the Puerto Rico
Public Building Authority. As of September 30, 2016, the amortized cost of
these bonds, including accrued interest of $0.9 million, was $35.6 million ($  22.  3 million of GDB bonds and
$  13.3   million of Puerto Rico
Public Buildings Authority bonds), recorded at their aggregate fair value of $  19.5   million ($  9.4   million of GDB bonds and $  10.1   million of Puerto Rico
Public Buildings Authority bonds).  

The
Corporation does not have the intention to sell these securities and has
sufficient capital and liquidity to hold these securities until a recovery of
the fair value occurs; as such, only the credit loss component was reflected in
earnings. Given the significant and prolonged uncertainty of a debt
restructuring process, the Corporation cannot be certain that future impairment
charges will not be required against these securities.  

In addition, during the first nine months of 2016, the Corporation recorded a
$0.4 million credit-related impairment loss associated with private label MBS,
which are collateralized by fixed-rate mortgages on single-family residential
properties in the United States. The interest rates on these private-label MBS
is variable, tied to 3-month LIBOR and limited to the weighted-average coupon
of the underlying collateral. The underlying mortgages are fixed-rate,
single-family loans with original high FICO scores (over   700  ) and moderate original
loan-to-value ratios (under   80  %), as well as moderate
delinquency levels.  

Based
on the expected cash flows, and since the Corporation does not have the
intention to sell the securities and has sufficient capital and liquidity to
hold these securities until a recovery of the fair value occurs, only the
credit loss component was reflected in earnings.  Significant assumptions in
the valuation of the private label MBS were as follows:    

21             

Investments
Held to Maturity     

The amortized cost,
gross unrealized gains and losses, approximate fair value, weighted-average
yield and contractual maturities of investment securities held to maturity as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:        

22             

The following tables show the
Corporation s held-to-maturity investments  fair value and gross unrealized
losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual
securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:     

Approximately   87  % of the held-to-maturity
municipal bonds were issued by five of the largest municipalities in Puerto
Rico (San Juan, Carolina, Bayamon, Mayaguez and Guaynabo). These obligations
typically are not issued in bearer form, nor are they registered with the SEC
and are not rated by external credit agencies. In most cases, these bonds have priority
over the payment of operating costs and expenses of the municipality, which are
required by law to levy special property taxes in such amounts as are required
for the payment of all of their respective general obligation bonds and loans.   

        The Corporation determines
the fair market value of Puerto Rico Municipal Bonds based on a discounted cash
flow analysis using risk-adjusted discount rates. A security with similar
characteristics traded in the open market is used as a proxy for each municipal
bond. Then the cash flow is discounted at the average spread over the discount
curve exhibited by the proxy security at the end of each quarter.   

        When evaluating if the
decrease in fair value could be classified as other-than-temporary, management
considered aspects such as the fact that all municipalities are current on
their payments and the fact that the bonds are subject to periodic credit
reviews and are supported by assigned property tax revenues.   

        Based on the quarterly analysis
performed and the circumstances discussed above, management concluded that the
unrealized loss is attributable to the time value of money and liquidity
assumptions and no individual municipal bond was other-than-temporarily
impaired as of September 30, 2016.           

23             

NOTE 5  
OTHER EQUITY SECURITIES    

Institutions that
are members of the FHLB system are required to maintain a minimum investment in
FHLB stock. Such minimum investment is calculated as a percentage of aggregate
outstanding mortgages, and an additional investment is required that is calculated
as a percentage of total FHLB advances, letters of credit, and the
collateralized portion of interest-rate swaps outstanding. The stock is capital
stock issued at $  100   par value. Both stock and
cash dividends may be received on FHLB stock.   

As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Corporation had investments in FHLB stock
with a book value of $  26.6   million and $  31.3   million, respectively. The
net realizable value is a reasonable proxy for the fair value of these
instruments. Dividend income from FHLB stock for the quarters ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $  0.4   million and $  0.3   million, respectively, and
for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $  1.1   million and $  0.8   million, respectively.    

The shares of FHLB
stock owned by the Corporation were issued by the FHLB of New York. The FHLB of
New York is part of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, a national wholesale
banking network of 11 regional, stockholder-owned congressionally chartered
banks. The Federal Home Loan Banks are all privately capitalized and operated
by their member stockholders. The system is supervised by the Federal Housing
Finance Agency, which ensures that the Federal Home Loan Banks operate in a
financially safe and sound manner, remain adequately capitalized and able to
raise funds in the capital markets, and carry out their housing finance
mission.   

The Corporation has other equity
securities that do not have a readily available fair value. The carrying value
of such securities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $  2.1   million and $  0.9   million, respectively.     

NOTE 6   LOANS HELD FOR INVESTMENT     

The following table
provides information about the loan portfolio held for investment:      

24             

Loans in Process of Foreclosure     

       As of September 30, 2016, the recorded
investment of residential mortgage loans collateralized by residential real
estate property that are in the process of foreclosure amounted to $  135.0   million.     The Corporation commences the foreclosure
process on residential real estate loans when a borrower becomes 120 days
delinquent in accordance with the guidelines of the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau (CFPB). Foreclosure procedures and timelines vary depending
on whether the property is located in a judicial or non-judicial state.
Judicial states (Puerto Rico) require the foreclosure to be processed through
the state s court while foreclosures in non-judicial states are processed without
court intervention. Foreclosure timelines vary according to state law and
Investor Guidelines. Occasionally, foreclosures may be delayed due to mandatory
mediations, bankruptcy proceedings, court delays and title issues, among other
reasons.      

25             

26             

The Corporation considers a loan as
adversely classified if its risk rating is Substandard, Doubtful or Loss. These
categories are defined as follows:   

Substandard- A
Substandard asset is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and
paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so
classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the
liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility
that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not
corrected.   

Doubtful- Doubtful
classifications have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified
Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection
or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and
values, highly questionable and improbable. A Doubtful classification may be
appropriate in cases where significant risk exposures are perceived, but loss
cannot be determined because of specific reasonable pending factors which may
strengthen the credit in the near term.    

Loss- Assets classified Loss are
considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as
bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the
asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather that it is not
practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even
though partial recovery may be affected in the future. There is little or no
prospect for near term improvement and no realistic strengthening action of
significance pending.           

27             

28             

The following tables present information about impaired
loans, excluding PCI loans, which are reported separately, as discussed below:     

29             

30             

31             

PCI Loans    

The Corporation acquired PCI loans
accounted for under ASC 310-30 as part of the transaction closed on February
27, 2015 in which FirstBank acquired   10   Puerto Rico branches of
Doral Bank, and acquired certain assets, including PCI loans, and assumed
deposits, through an alliance with Banco Popular of Puerto Rico, which was the
successful lead bidder with the FDIC on the failed Doral Bank, as well as other
co-bidders. The Corporation also acquired PCI loans in previously completed
asset acquisitions that are accounted for under ASC 310-30. These previous
transactions include the acquisition from Doral Financial in the second quarter
of 2014 of all its rights, title and interest in first and second residential
mortgages loans in full satisfaction of secured borrowings owed by such entity
to FirstBank.   

Under ASC 310-30, the acquired PCI
loans were aggregated into pools based on similar characteristics (i.e.
delinquency status, loan terms). Each loan pool is accounted for as a single
asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of
cash flows. Since the loans are accounted for by the Corporation under ASC
310-30, they are not considered non-performing and will continue to have an
accretable yield as long as there is a reasonable expectation about the timing
and amount of cash flows expected to be collected. The Corporation recognizes
additional losses on this portfolio when it is probable that the Corporation
will be unable to collect all cash flows expected as of the acquisition date
plus additional cash flows expected to be collected arising from changes in
estimates after the acquisition date.     

Initial Fair Value and Accretable Yield of
PCI Loans    

At acquisition,
the Corporation estimated the cash flows the Corporation expected to collect on
PCI loans. Under the accounting guidance for PCI loans, the difference between
the contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected
at acquisition is referred to as the non-accretable difference. This difference
is neither accreted into income nor recorded on the Corporation s consolidated
statement of financial condition. The excess of cash flows expected to be
collected over the estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable yield
and is recognized in interest income over the remaining life of the loans,
using the effective-yield method.       

32             

Changes in accretable yield of acquired loans    

Subsequent to an acquisition
of loans, the Corporation is required to periodically evaluate its estimate of
cash flows expected to be collected. These evaluations, performed quarterly,
require the continued use of key assumptions and estimates, similar to the
initial estimate of fair value. Subsequent changes in the estimated cash flows
expected to be collected may result in changes in the accretable yield and
non-accretable difference or reclassifications from nonaccretable yield to
accretable yield. Increases in the cash flows expected to be collected will
generally result in an increase in interest income over the remaining life of
the loan or pool of loans. Decreases in expected cash flows due to further
credit deterioration will generally result in an impairment charge recognized
in the Corporation s provision for loan and lease losses, resulting in an
increase to the allowance for loan losses. During the first nine months of
2016, the Corporation increased by $2.9 million to $6.9 million the reserve
related to PCI loans acquired from Doral Financial in 2014. The reserve is
driven by the revisions to the expected cash flows of the portfolio for the
remaining term of the loan pool based on expected performance and market
conditions.       

33             

The
outstanding principal balance of PCI loans, including amounts charged off by
the Corporation, amounted to $  210.6
  million as of
September 30, 2016 (December 2015 - $  218.1
  million).     

Purchases and Sales of Loans    

During the first
nine months of 2016, the Corporation purchased $  65.2   million of residential
mortgage loans consistent with a seasoned strategic program to purchase ongoing
residential mortgage loan production from mortgage bankers in Puerto Rico.
Generally, the loans purchased from mortgage bankers were conforming residential
mortgage loans. Purchases of conforming residential mortgage loans provide the
Corporation the flexibility to retain or sell the loans, including through
securitization transactions, depending upon the Corporation s interest rate
risk management strategies. When the Corporation sells such loans, it generally
keeps the servicing of the loans.   

In the ordinary course of business,
the Corporation sells residential mortgage loans (originated or purchased) to
GNMA and government-sponsored entities ( GSEs ) such as Fannie Mae ( FNMA ) and
Freddie Mac ( FHLMC ), which generally securitize the transferred loans into
mortgage-backed securities for sale into the secondary market. The Corporation
sold approximately $  108.5   million of performing
residential mortgage loans to FNMA and FHLMC during the first nine months of
2016.  Also, during the first nine months of 2016, the Corporation sold $  238.6   million of FHA/VA mortgage
loans to GNMA, which packages them into mortgage-backed securities. The
Corporation s continuing involvement in these sold loans consists primarily of
servicing the loans. In addition, the Corporation agreed to repurchase loans
when it breaches any of the representations and warranties included in the sale
agreement. These representations and warranties are consistent with the GSEs 
selling and servicing guidelines (i.e., ensuring that the mortgage was properly
underwritten according to established guidelines).   

For loans sold to
GNMA, the Corporation holds an option to repurchase individual delinquent loans
issued on or after January 1, 2003 when the borrower fails to make any payment
for three consecutive months. This option gives the Corporation the ability,
but not the obligation, to repurchase the delinquent loans at par without prior
authorization from GNMA.   

Under ASC Topic
860,    Transfer and Servicing   , once the Corporation has the unilateral
ability to repurchase the delinquent loan, it is considered to have regained
effective control over the loan and is required to recognize the loan and a
corresponding repurchase liability on the balance sheet regardless of the
Corporation s intent to repurchase the loan.   

During the first nine months of 2016
and 2015, the Corporation repurchased pursuant to its repurchase option with
GNMA $  20.9   million and $  10.6   million, respectively, of
loans previously sold to GNMA.  The principal balance of these loans is fully
guaranteed and the risk of loss related to the repurchased loans is generally
limited to the difference between the delinquent interest payment advanced to
GNMA computed at the loan s interest rate and the interest payments reimbursed
by FHA, which are computed at a pre-determined debenture rate. Repurchases of
GNMA loans allow the Corporation, among other things, to maintain acceptable
delinquency rates on outstanding GNMA pools and remain as a seller and servicer
in good standing with GNMA. The Corporation generally remediates any breach of
representations and warranties related to the underwriting of such loans
according to established GNMA guidelines without incurring losses. The
Corporation does not maintain a liability for estimated losses as a result of
breaches in representations and warranties.   

Loan sales to FNMA
and FHLMC are without recourse in relation to the future performance of the loans. 
The Corporation repurchased at par loans previously sold to FNMA and FHLMC in
the amount of $  0.7   million and $  1.3   million during the first
nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Corporation s risk of loss with
respect to these loans is also minimal as these repurchased loans are generally
performing loans with documentation deficiencies. No losses related to breaches
of representations and warranties were incurred in the first nine months of
2016. Historically, losses experienced on these loans have been immaterial. As
a consequence, as of September 30, 2016, the Corporation does not maintain a
liability for estimated losses on loans expected to be repurchased as a result
of breaches in loan and servicer representations and warranties.   

In addition, the
Corporation sold $  20.2   million and $  20.0   million in commercial
mortgage loan participations during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015,
respectively.         

Bulk Sale of Assets     

During
the second quarter of 2015, the Corporation completed the sale of commercial
and construction loans with a book value of $  147.5   million ($  90.7   million of commercial
mortgage loans, $  45.8   million of commercial and
industrial loans, and $  11.0   million of construction
loans), comprised mostly of non-performing and adversely classified loans, as
well as other real estate owned ( OREO ) with a book value of $  2.9   million, in a cash
transaction. The sales price of this bulk sale was $  87.3   million. Approximately $  15.3   million of reserves had
been allocated to the loans. This transaction resulted in total charge-offs of
$  61.4   million and an incremental
pre-tax loss of $  48.7   million, including $  0.9   million in professional
service fees directly attributable to the bulk sale.   

34             

Loan Portfolio Concentration    

The
Corporation s primary lending area is Puerto Rico.  The Corporation s banking
subsidiary, First Bank, also lends in the USVI and BVI markets and in the
United States (principally in the state of Florida).  Of the total gross loans
held for investment of $8.9 billion as of September 30, 2016, approximately   78  % have credit risk
concentration in Puerto Rico,   15  % in the United States, and
  7  % in the USVI and BVI.   

As of September 30, 2016, the
Corporation had $  134.0   million outstanding (book
value of $  126.2   million) in credit
facilities extended to the Puerto Rico government, its municipalities, and
public corporations, compared to $  153.2
  million outstanding as
of December 31, 2015. In addition, the outstanding balance of credit facilities
granted to the government of the Virgin Islands amounted to $  65.6   million as of September 30,
2016, compared to $  126.2   million as of December 31,
2015.     Approximately $  91.4   million of the granted
credit facilities outstanding ($  83.7
  million book value)
consisted of loans to public corporations, including a direct exposure to the
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ( PREPA ) with an outstanding balance of $  74.6   million ($  66.9   million book value) as of
September 30, 2016, and approximately $  6.9   million consisted of loans
to units of the Puerto Rico central government.  The PREPA credit facility was
placed in non-accrual status in the first quarter of 2015, and interest
payments are recorded on a cost-recovery basis.  In addition, the Corporation
had $  35.7   million of loans extended
to municipalities in Puerto Rico, which in most cases are supported by assigned
property tax revenues.  Municipalities  revenues are independent of the Puerto
Rico central government. These municipalities are required by law to levy
special property taxes in such amounts as are required for the payment of all
of their respective general obligation bonds and loans. Late in 2015, the GDB
and the Municipal Revenue Collection Center (CRIM) signed a deed of trust.
Through this deed, the GDB, as fiduciary, is bound to keep the CRIM funds
separate from any other deposits and must distribute the funds pursuant to
applicable law. The CRIM funds are deposited at another depository financial
institution in Puerto Rico.   

Furthermore, as of September 30, 2016,
the Corporation had $  128.0   million outstanding (book
value of $  112.8   million) in financings to
the hotel industry in Puerto Rico under which the borrower and the operations
of the underlying collateral are the primary sources of repayment and the
Puerto Rico Tourism Development Fund ( TDF ) provides a secondary guarantee for
payment performance, compared to $  129.4   million outstanding as of
December 31, 2015. These facilities were placed in non-accrual status and
classified as impaired in the first quarter of 2016, and interest payments are
now applied against principal. Approximately $  1.6   million of interest
payments received on loans guaranteed by the TDF since late March 2016 have
been applied against principal. As of the date of filing of this Form 10-Q, the
largest of these three facilities is current on contractual payments as its
operations are generating the cash flows to cover payments. The Corporation has
been receiving partial payments from the other two facilities since their
operations are insufficient to cover the entire contractual payments and the
Corporation is not receiving collections from the TDF guarantee. As such, these
two facilities are collateral dependent loans and charge-offs amounting to $  13.7   million were recorded in
the third quarter of 2016, of which $  12.8
  million was charged
against specific reserves established in prior periods. These loans have been
adversely classified since the third quarter of 2015.   The Corporation s
collections of principal and interest from the TDF in the first half of 2016
amounted to $  0.6   million compared to $  5.3   million in the entire 2015
year.   

The TDF is a subsidiary of the GDB that
facilitates private sector financings to Puerto Rico s hotel industry. Adverse
developments related to the Puerto Rico government s fiscal situation
introduced additional uncertainty regarding the TDF s ability to honor its
guarantee, including the enactment of the Puerto Rico Emergency Moratorium and
Financial Rehabilitation Act ( Act 21 ), which gives Puerto Rico s governor
emergency powers to deal with Puerto Rico s challenging fiscal situation,
including the ability to declare a moratorium on all bonds and other payments.
On June 30, 2016, pursuant to Act 21, the Puerto Rico governor ordered a
moratorium on the payment of $  780   million of the Puerto Rico
Government s general obligations and the debt of certain other
instrumentalities due on July 1, 2016.  This followed a default on the
principal payment of $  367   million of GDB notes due
on May 1, 2016.  Puerto Rico s governor also issued an executive order intended
to protect the GDB s liquidity by allowing withdrawals only to fund necessary
costs for essential services such as health, public safety and education
services. Recently, the GDB defaulted on a $  28   million payment of interest
due to its creditors on August 1, 2016, including interest due on GDB bonds
held by the Corporation.    

As of September
30, 2016, the total reserve to book value coverage ratio related to commercial
loans extended to or guaranteed by the Puerto Rico Government (excluding municipalities)
was   16  % and the loans are being
carried at   76  % of unpaid principal
balance, net of reserves and accumulated charge offs.   

In addition, the Corporation had $  121.4   million in indirect
exposure to residential mortgage loans that are guaranteed by the Puerto Rico
Housing Finance Authority. Residential mortgage loans guaranteed by the Puerto
Rico Housing Finance Authority are secured by the underlying properties and the
guarantees serve to cover shortfalls in collateral in the event of a borrower
default. The Puerto Rico government guarantees up to $  75   million of the principal guaranteed
under the mortgage loans insurance program. According to the most recently
released audited financial statements of the Puerto Rico Housing Financing
Authority, as of June 30, 2015, the Puerto Rico Housing Finance Authority s
mortgage loans insurance program covered loans aggregating approximately $  552   million. The regulations
adopted by the Puerto Rico Housing Finance Authority require the establishment
of adequate reserves to guarantee the solvency of the mortgage loans insurance
fund. As of June 30, 2015, the most recent date as to which information is
available, the Puerto Rico Housing Finance Authority had a restricted net
position for such purposes of approximately $  77.4   million.    

35             

The Corporation cannot predict at this
time the impact that the current fiscal situation of the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico, including the payment defaults on certain bonds, the uncertainty about
the debt restructuring process, and the various legislative and other measures that
have been and could be adopted by the Puerto Rico government in response to
such fiscal situation, will have on the Puerto Rico economy and on the
Corporation s financial condition and results of operations.   

Troubled Debt Restructurings    

The Corporation
provides homeownership preservation assistance to its customers through a loss
mitigation program in Puerto Rico that is similar to the U.S. government s Home
Affordable Modification Program guidelines. Depending upon the nature of
borrowers  financial condition, restructurings or loan modifications through
this program as well as other restructurings of individual commercial,
commercial mortgage, construction, and residential mortgage loans fit the
definition of a TDR. A restructuring of a debt constitutes a TDR if the
creditor for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor s financial
difficulties grants a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise
consider. Modifications involve changes in one or more of the loan terms that
bring a defaulted loan current and provide sustainable affordability. Changes
may include the refinancing of any past-due amounts, including interest and
escrow, the extension of the maturity of the loan and modifications of the loan
rate. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation s total TDR loans held for
investment of $656.3 million consisted of $378.7 million of residential
mortgage loans, $150.9 million of commercial and industrial loans, $44.0
million of commercial mortgage loans, $  40.2   million of construction
loans, and $  42.5   million of consumer loans.
Outstanding unfunded commitments on TDR loans amounted to $  5.7   million as of September
30, 2016.   

The Corporation s loss mitigation programs
for residential mortgage and consumer loans can provide for one or a
combination of the following: movement of interest past due to the end of the
loan, extension of the loan term, deferral of principal payments and reduction
of interest rates either permanently or for a period of up to four years
(increasing back in step-up rates). Additionally, in certain cases, the
restructuring may provide for the forgiveness of contractually due principal or
interest. Uncollected interest is added to the end of the loan term at the time
of the restructuring and not recognized as income until collected or when the
loan is paid off. These programs are available only to those borrowers who have
defaulted, or are likely to default, permanently on their loan and would lose
their homes in a foreclosure action absent some lender concession.
Nevertheless, if the Corporation is not reasonably assured that the
borrower will comply with its contractual commitment, properties are foreclosed.

Prior to permanently modifying a loan,
the Corporation may enter into trial modifications with certain borrowers.
Trial modifications generally represent a six-month period during which the
borrower makes monthly payments under the anticipated modified payment terms
prior to a formal modification. Upon successful completion of a trial
modification, the Corporation and the borrower enter into a permanent
modification. TDR loans that are participating in or that have been offered a
binding trial modification are classified as TDRs when the trial offer is made
and continue to be classified as TDRs regardless of whether the borrower enters
into a permanent modification. As of September 30, 2016, we classified an additional
$  5.6   million of residential
mortgage loans as TDRs that were participating in or had been offered a trial
modification.   

For the commercial real estate, commercial
and industrial, and construction loan portfolios, at the time of a
restructuring, the Corporation determines, on a loan-by-loan basis, whether a
concession was granted for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s
financial difficulty. Concessions granted for commercial loans could include:
reductions in interest rates to rates that are considered below market;
extension of repayment schedules and maturity dates beyond original contractual
terms; waivers of borrower covenants; forgiveness of principal or interest; or
other contractual changes that would be considered a concession. The
Corporation mitigates loan defaults for its commercial loan portfolios through
its collection function. The function s objective is to minimize both early
stage delinquencies and losses upon default of commercial loans.   In the case of the commercial and industrial, 
commercial mortgage, and construction loan portfolios, the Corporation s
Special Asset Group ( SAG ) focuses on strategies for the accelerated reduction
of non-performing assets through note sales, short sales, loss mitigation
programs, and sales of OREO.     

In addition, the Corporation extends,
renews, and restructures loans with satisfactory credit profiles. Many
commercial loan facilities are structured as lines of credit, which are mainly one
year in term and, therefore, are required to be renewed annually. Other
facilities may be restructured or extended from time to time based upon changes
in the borrower s business needs, use of funds, timing of completion of
projects, and other factors. If the borrower is not deemed to have financial
difficulties, extensions, renewals, and restructurings are done in the normal
course of business and are not considered to be concessions, and the loans
continue to be recorded as performing.           

36             

37             

TDR loans are classified as either accrual or nonaccrual loans.
Loans in accrual status may remain in accrual status when their contractual
terms have been modified in a TDR if the loan had demonstrated performance
prior to the restructuring and payment in full under the restructured terms is
expected. Otherwise, loans on non-accrual and restructured as a TDR will remain
on nonaccrual status until the borrower has proven the ability to perform under
the modified structure, generally for a minimum of six months, and there is
evidence that such payments can and are likely to continue as agreed.
Performance prior to the restructuring, or significant events that coincide
with the restructuring, are included in assessing whether the borrower can meet
the new terms and may result in the loan being returned to accrual status at
the time of the restructuring or after a shorter performance period. If the
borrower s ability to meet the revised payment schedule is uncertain, the loan
remains classified as a non-accrual loan. Loan modifications increase the
Corporation s interest income by returning a non-performing loan to performing
status, if applicable, increase cash flows by providing for payments to be made
by the borrower, and limit increases in foreclosure and OREO costs. The
Corporation continues to consider a modified loan as an impaired loan for
purposes of estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses. A TDR loan that
specifies an interest rate that at the time of the restructuring is greater
than or equal to the rate the Corporation is willing to accept for a new loan
with comparable risk may not be reported as a TDR, or an impaired loan in the
calendar years subsequent to the restructuring, if it is in compliance with its
modified terms. During the first nine months of 2016, the Corporation removed a
$3.0 million loan from the TDR classification as the borrower is no longer
experiencing financial difficulties, and the loan was refinanced at market
terms and does not contain any concession to the borrower.     

38             

39             

TDR loans exclude restructured residential
mortgage loans that are guaranteed by the U.S. federal government (i.e., FHA/VA
loans) totaling $  67.9   million as of September
30, 2016 (December 31, 2015 - $  77.6
  million). The
Corporation excludes FHA/VA guaranteed loans from TDR loans statistics given that,
in the event that the borrower defaults on the loan, the principal and interest
(at the specified debenture rate) are guaranteed by the U.S. government;
therefore, the risk of loss on these types of loans is very low. The
Corporation does not consider loans with U.S. federal government guarantees to
be impaired loans for the purpose of calculating the allowance for loan and
lease losses.   

Loan modifications that are considered TDRs
completed during the quarter and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were as follows:     

40             

41             

Recidivism, or the borrower defaulting on
its obligation pursuant to a modified loan, results in the loan once again
becoming a non-performing loan. Recidivism on modified loans occurs at a
notably higher rate than do defaults on new origination loans, so modified
loans present a higher risk of loss than do new origination loans. The
Corporation considers a loan to have defaulted if the borrower has failed to
make payments of either principal, interest, or both for a period of 90 days or
more.   

Loan modifications considered TDR loans
that defaulted during the quarters and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015 and had become TDR during the 12-months preceding
the default date were as follows:     

For certain TDR loans, the Corporation
splits the loans into two new notes, A and B notes. The A note is restructured
to comply with the Corporation s lending standards at current market rates, and
is tailored to suit the customer s ability to make timely interest and
principal payments. The B note includes the granting of the concession to the
borrower and varies by situation. The B note is charged off but the obligation
is not forgiven to the borrower, and any payments collected are accounted for
as recoveries. At the time of the restructuring, the A note is identified and
classified as a TDR loan. If the loan performs for at least six months
according to the modified terms, the A note may be returned to accrual status.
The borrower s payment performance prior to the restructuring is included in
assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms and may result in the
loan being returned to accrual status at the time of the restructuring. In the
periods following the calendar year in which a loan was restructured, the A
note may no longer be reported as a TDR loan  if it is in accrual status, is in
compliance with its modified terms, and yields a market rate (as determined and
documented at the time of the restructuring).   

The recorded
investment in loans held for investment restructured using the A/B note
restructure workout strategy was approximately $38.0 million as of September
30, 2016. The following table provides additional information about the volume
of this type of loan restructuring and the effect on the allowance for loan and
lease losses in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015:     

Of the loans comprising the $38.0 million
that have been deemed collectible, approximately $      37.9       million were placed in accrual status as
the borrowers have exhibited a period of sustained performance. These loans
continue to be individually evaluated for impairment purposes.     

42             

NOTE 7  
ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES      

43             

As discussed in Note 6, under the heading
 Bulk Sale of Assets,  during the second quarter of 2015, the Corporation
completed the sale of commercial and construction loans with a book value of
$147.5 million, mostly comprised of non-performing and adversely classified
loans.   This transaction resulted in charge-offs of
approximately $61.4 million.    

The   Corporation incorporated the charge-offs information from
the second quarter 2015 bulk sale in its measurement of credit impairment for
loans collectively measured. In the second quarter of 2015, the total bulk sale
charge offs were included in the determination of historical loss rates with no
reduction for the additional market discount related to the bulk sale
resolution. In the past, the Corporation had separated the market component of
the loss. The decision to include total charge-offs, with no qualitative
adjustment for the steep discount on this bulk sale, considered the potential
use of similar credit resolution strategies in the future in light of the
current economic conditions in Puerto Rico.  The effect of this position
resulted in an increase of $  15.5   million in the related
allowance in the second quarter of 2015. During the third quarter of 2015, the
Corporation further refined its methodology by allocating the second quarter
2015 bulk sale losses over an estimated realization period of eight quarters,
which would reflect a more typical loss resolution pattern. Management believes
that this loss estimation process is more indicative of the current experience
related to the average period for a loan to migrate to asset classification
categories and the eventual charge-off.   

As of September
30, 2016, the Corporation maintained a $  2.1   million reserve for
unfunded loan commitments ($  0.5   million as of September 30,
2015) mainly related to an outstanding adversely classified floor plan
relationship. The reserve for unfunded loan commitments is an estimate of the
losses inherent in off-balance sheet loan commitments to borrowers that are
experiencing financial difficulties at the balance sheet date. It is calculated
by multiplying an estimated loss factor by an estimated probability of funding,
and then by the period-end amounts for unfunded commitments. The reserve for
unfunded loan commitments is included as part of accounts payable and other
liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial condition.     

44             

NOTE 8   LOANS
HELD FOR SALE    

The Corporation s
loans held-for-sale portfolio was composed of:     

Non-performing loans held for sale totaled
$      8.1       million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.           

NOTE 9                    OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED      

NOTE 10   DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES    

One of the market
risks facing the Corporation is interest rate risk, which includes the risk
that changes in interest rates will result in changes in the value of the
Corporation s assets or liabilities and the risk that net interest income from
its loan and investment portfolios will be adversely affected by changes in
interest rates.  The overall objective of the Corporation s interest rate risk
management activities is to reduce the variability of earnings caused by
changes in interest rates.   

The Corporation
designates a derivative as a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge or economic
undesignated hedge when it enters into the derivative contract.  As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all derivatives held by the
Corporation were considered economic undesignated hedges.  These undesignated
hedges are recorded at fair value with the resulting gain or loss recognized in
current earnings.   

The following summarizes the principal
derivative activities used by the Corporation in managing interest rate risk:   

Interest rate cap agreements       - Interest rate cap agreements provide
the right to receive cash if a reference interest rate rises above a
contractual rate. The value increases as the reference interest rate rises. The
Corporation enters into interest rate cap agreements for protection from rising
interest rates.    

Forward Contracts       - Forward contracts are sales of
to-be-announced ( TBA ) mortgage-backed securities that will settle over the
standard delivery date and do not qualify as  regular way  security trades.
Regular-way security trades are contracts that have no net settlement provision
and no market mechanism to facilitate net settlement and that provide for
delivery of a security within the time frame generally established by
regulations or conventions in the market place or exchange in which the
transaction is being executed. The forward sales are considered derivative
instruments that need to be marked to market. These securities are used to
economically hedge the FHA/VA residential mortgage loan securitizations of the
mortgage-banking operations. Unrealized gains (losses) are recognized as part
of mortgage banking activities in the consolidated statement of income.   

To satisfy the needs of its customers, the
Corporation may enter into non-hedging transactions. On these transactions, the
Corporation generally participates as a buyer in one of the agreements and as a
seller in the other agreement under the same terms and conditions.   

45             

In addition, the Corporation enters into
certain contracts with embedded derivatives that do not require separate
accounting as these are clearly and closely related to the economic
characteristics of the host contract. When the embedded derivative possesses
economic characteristics that are not clearly and closely related to the
economic characteristics of the host contract, it is bifurcated, carried at
fair value, and designated as a trading or non-hedging derivative instrument.     

The
  following table summarizes the fair value of derivative instruments and the
  location in the statement of financial condition as of the indicated dates:  

Asset Derivatives   

Liability Derivatives   

Statement of    

September 30,    

December 31,    

September 30,    

December 31,    

Financial    

2016   

2015   

2016   

2015   

Condition Location   

Fair   
     Value   

Fair   
     Value   

Statement of Financial Condition Location   

Fair   
     Value   

Fair   
     Value   

(In thousands)  

Undesignated
  economic hedges:   

Interest rate
  contracts:  

Written
  interest rate cap agreements  

Other assets  

$  

-  

$  

-  

Accounts payable and other liabilities  

$  

191  

$  

798  

Purchased
  interest rate cap agreements  

Other assets  

191  

806  

Accounts payable and other liabilities  

-  

-  

Forward
  Contracts:  

Sales of TBA
  GNMA MBS pools  

Other assets  

4  

-  

Accounts payable and other liabilities  

144  

123  

$  

195  

$  

806  

$  

335  

$  

921  

Derivative instruments are subject to
market risk.  As is the case with investment securities, the market value of
derivative instruments is largely a function of the financial market s
expectations regarding the future direction of interest rates.  Accordingly,
current market values are not necessarily indicative of the future impact of
derivative instruments on earnings.  This will depend, for the most part, on
the shape of the yield curve and the level of interest rates, as well as the
expectations for rates in the future.      

46             

NOTE 11   OFFSETTING
OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES    

The Corporation enters into master
agreements with counterparties, primarily related to derivatives and repurchase
agreements, that may allow for netting of exposures in the event of default. In
an event of default, each party has a right of set-off against the other party
for amounts owed under the related agreement and any other amount or obligation
owed in respect of any other agreement or transaction between them. The
following table presents information about the offsetting of financial assets
and liabilities as well as derivative assets and liabilities:     

47             

Offsetting of
  Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities   

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement
  of Financial Position   

Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in
  the Statement of Financial Position   

Gross Amounts of Recognized  Liabilities   

Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of
  Financial Position   

Financial Instruments   

Cash Collateral   

As of
  September 30, 2016   

Net Amount   

(In thousands)  

Description   

Securities sold
  under agreements to repurchase  

$  

500,000  

$  

(200,000)  

$  

300,000  

$  

(300,000)  

$  

-  

$  

-  

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement
  of Financial Position   

Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in
  the Statement of Financial Position   

Gross Amounts of Recognized  Liabilities   

Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of
  Financial Position   

Financial Instruments   

Cash Collateral   

As of
  December 31, 2015   

Net Amount   

(In thousands)  

Description   

Securities sold
  under agreements to repurchase  

$  

600,000  

$  

(200,000)  

$  

400,000  

$  

(400,000)  

$  

-  

$  

-  

48             

NOTE 12  
GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES     

Goodwill as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 amounted to $    28.1     million, recognized
as part of  Other Assets  in the consolidated statement of financial condition.
The Corporation conducted its annual evaluation of goodwill and intangibles
during the fourth quarter of 2015. The Corporation s goodwill is related to the
acquisition of FirstBank Florida in 2005.   

There have been no events related to the
Florida reporting unit that could indicate potential goodwill impairment since
the date of the last evaluation; therefore, no goodwill impairment evaluation
was performed during the first nine months of 2016. Goodwill and other
indefinite life intangibles are reviewed at least annually for impairment.    

In connection with the acquisition of the
FirstBank-branded credit card loan portfolio in the second quarter of 2012, the
Corporation recognized a purchased credit card relationship intangible of $  24.5   million, which is being
amortized over the remaining estimated life of 5.2 years on an accelerated
basis based on the estimated attrition rate of the purchased credit card
accounts, which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the
intangible asset are consumed. These benefits are consumed as the revenue
stream generated by the cardholder relationship is realized.   

The core deposit intangible acquired
in the February 2015 Doral Bank transaction amounted to $5.8 million ($  4.6   million as of September 30,
2016).   

In the first quarter of 2016,
FirstBank Insurance Agency acquired certain insurance customer accounts and
related customer records and recognized an insurance customer relationship
intangible of $1.1 million ($1.0 million as of September 30, 2016), which is
being amortized over the next 6.3 years on a straight-line basis. The list of
accounts acquired has a direct relationship to the previous mortgage loan
portfolio acquisitions from Doral Bank and Doral Financial in 2015 and 2014.      

For the quarter and nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, the amortization expense of core deposit intangibles
amounted to $      0.5       million and $  1.5   million, respectively,
(2015 - $  0.6   million and $  1.5   million, respectively). For
the quarter and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the amortization
expense of the purchased credit card relationship intangible amounted to $  0.7   million and $  2.1   million, respectively,
(2015 - $  0.8   million and $  2.3   million, respectively).
For the quarter and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the
amortization expense of insurance customer relationship intangible amounted to
$  38   thousand and $  0.1   million, respectively.      

49             

NOTE 13   NON CONSOLIDATED VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES AND SERVICING
ASSETS    

The
Corporation transfers residential mortgage loans in sale or securitization
transactions in which it has continuing involvement, including servicing
responsibilities and guarantee arrangements. All such transfers have been
accounted for as sales as required by applicable accounting guidance.   

When evaluating the need to
consolidate counterparties to which the Corporation has transferred assets or
with which the Corporation has entered into other transactions, the Corporation
first determines if the counterparty is an entity for which a variable interest
exists. If no scope exception is applicable and a variable interest exists, the
Corporation then evaluates if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE and
whether the entity should be consolidated or not.   

Below is a summary of transfers of
financial assets to VIEs for which the Corporation has retained some level of
continuing involvement:   

GNMA    

The Corporation typically transfers first
lien residential mortgage loans in conjunction with GNMA securitization
transactions in which the loans are exchanged for cash or securities that are
readily redeemed for cash proceeds and servicing rights. The securities issued
through these transactions are guaranteed by the issuer and, as such, under
seller/servicer agreements, the Corporation is required to service the loans in
accordance with the issuers  servicing guidelines and standards. As of
September 30, 2016, the Corporation serviced loans securitized through GNMA
with a principal balance of $  1.4   billion.   

Trust-Preferred Securities    

In 2004, FBP
Statutory Trust I, a financing trust that is wholly owned by the Corporation,
sold to institutional investors $  100   million of its variable
rate trust-preferred securities. The proceeds of the issuance, together with
the proceeds of the purchase by the Corporation of $  3.1   million of FBP Statutory
Trust I variable rate common securities, were used by FBP Statutory Trust I to
purchase $  103.1   million aggregate principal
amount of the Corporation s Junior Subordinated Deferrable Debentures. Also in
2004, FBP Statutory Trust II, a financing trust that is wholly owned by the
Corporation, sold to institutional investors $  125   million of its variable
rate trust-preferred securities. The proceeds of the issuance, together with
the proceeds of the purchase by the Corporation of $  3.9   million of FBP Statutory
Trust II variable rate common securities, were used by FBP Statutory Trust II
to purchase $  128.9   million aggregate principal
amount of the Corporation s Junior Subordinated Deferrable Debentures. The
debentures are presented in the Corporation s consolidated statement of
financial condition as Other Borrowings, net of related issuance costs. The
variable rate trust-preferred securities are fully and unconditionally
guaranteed by the Corporation. The Junior Subordinated Deferrable Debentures
issued by the Corporation in April 2004 and in September 2004 mature on June
17, 2034 and September 20, 2034, respectively; however, under certain
circumstances, the maturity of Junior Subordinated Deferrable Debentures may be
shortened (such shortening would result in a mandatory redemption of the
variable rate trust-preferred securities). During the first quarter of 2016,
the Corporation completed the repurchase of $  10   million of trust-preferred
securities of the FBP Statutory Trust II that were auctioned in a public sale
at which the Corporation was invited to participate. The Corporation
repurchased and cancelled the repurchased trust preferred securities, resulting
in a commensurate reduction in the related Floating Rate Junior Subordinated
Debentures. The Corporation s winning bid equated to   70  % of the $10 million par
value. The   30  % discount, plus accrued
interest, resulted in a gain of approximately $4.2 million, which is reflected
in the statement of income as a  Gain on early extinguishment of debt.  During
the second quarter of 2015, the Corporation issued   852,831   shares of the Corporation s
common stock in exchange for $  5.3   million of trust preferred
securities (FBP Statutory Trust I), which enabled the Corporation to cancel $  5.5   million of the carrying
value of the debentures underlying the purchased trust preferred securities.
The Collins Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act eliminates certain trust-preferred securities from Tier 1
Capital; however, these instruments may remain in Tier 2 capital until the
instruments are redeemed or mature. Under the indentures, the Corporation has
the right, from time to time, and without causing an event of default, to defer
payments of interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures by extending the
interest payment period at any time and from time to time during the term of
the subordinated debentures for up to twenty consecutive quarterly periods. During
the second quarter of 2016, the Corporation received approval from the Federal
Reserve and paid $  31.2   million for all the accrued
but deferred interest payments plus the interest for the second quarter on the
Corporation s subordinated       

50             

debentures associated with
its trust preferred securities. Subsequently, the Corporation received approval
and paid the interest for the third quarter of 2016 amounting to $1.8 million.
As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation is current on all interest payments
due related to its subordinated debt. Future interest payments are subject to
Federal Reserve approval. It is the intent of the Corporation to request
approvals in future periods to continue regularly scheduled quarterly interest
payments.    

Grantor Trusts    

During 2004
and 2005, a third party to the Corporation, referred to in this subsection as
the seller, established a series of statutory trusts to effect the
securitization of mortgage loans and the sale of trust certificates. The seller
initially provided the servicing for a fee, which is senior to the obligations
to pay trust certificate holders. The seller then entered into a sales
agreement through which it sold and issued the trust certificates in favor of
the Corporation s banking subsidiary. Currently, the Bank is the sole owner of
the trust certificates; the servicing of the underlying residential mortgages
that generate the principal and interest cash flows is performed by another
third party, which receives a servicing fee. The securities are variable rate
securities indexed to   90-day LIBOR   plus a spread. The
principal payments from the underlying loans are remitted to a paying agent
(servicer), who then remits interest to the Bank; interest income is shared to
a certain extent with the FDIC, which has an interest only strip ( IO ) tied to
the cash flows of the underlying loans and is entitled to receive the excess of
the interest income less a servicing fee over the variable rate income that the
Bank earns on the securities. This IO is limited to the weighted-average coupon
on the securities. The FDIC became the owner of the IO upon its intervention of
the seller, a failed financial institution. No recourse agreement exists and
the risks from losses on non-accruing loans and repossessed collateral are
absorbed by the Bank as the sole holder of the certificates.  As of September
30, 2016, the amortized cost and fair value of Grantor Trusts amounted to $  30.6   million and $  22.1   million, respectively,
with a weighted average yield of   2.37  %.   

Investment in unconsolidated entity    

On February 16, 2011, FirstBank sold an
asset portfolio consisting of performing and non-performing construction,
commercial mortgage and commercial and industrial loans with an aggregate book
value of $  269.3   million to CPG/GS, an
entity organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and majority
owned by PRLP Ventures LLC ( PRLP ), a company created by Goldman,
Sachs   Co. and Caribbean Property Group.  In connection with the sale, the
Corporation received $  88.5   million in cash and a   35  % interest in CPG/GS, and
made a loan in the amount of $  136.1   million representing
seller financing provided by FirstBank. The loan has a seven-year maturity and
bears variable interest at   30-day
LIBOR plus 300 basis points   and is secured by a pledge
of all of the acquiring entity's assets as well as the PRLP's   65  % ownership interest in
CPG/GS. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of the loan was $  6.8   million, which was
included in the Corporation's Commercial and Industrial loans held for
investment portfolio. FirstBank s equity interest in CPG/GS is accounted for
under the equity method. When applying the equity method, the Bank follows the
Hypothetical Liquidation Book Value method ( HLBV ) to determine its share of CPG/GS s
earnings or loss. The loss recorded in 2014 reduced to zero the carrying amount
of the Bank s investment in CPG/GS. No negative investment needs to be reported
as the Bank has no legal obligation or commitment to provide further financial
support to this entity; thus, no further losses have been or will be recorded
on this investment. Any potential increase in the carrying value of the
investment in CPG/GS, under the HLBV method, would depend upon how better off
the Bank is at the end of the period than it was at the beginning of the period
after the waterfall calculation performed to determine the amount of gain
allocated to the investors.   

FirstBank also provided an $  80   million advance facility
to CPG/GS to fund unfunded commitments and costs to complete projects under
construction, which was fully disbursed in 2011, and a $  20   million working capital
line of credit to fund certain expenses of CPG/GS. The working capital line expired
in September 2016 and no amount is outstanding. During 2012, CPG/GS repaid the
outstanding balance of the advance facility to fund unfunded commitments, and
the funds became available for rewithdrawal under a one-time revolver
agreement. This facility bears variable interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 300 basis
points. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the revolver agreement
was $  11.4   million, which was
included in the Corporation's commercial and industrial loans held for
investment portfolio.   

Cash proceeds
received by CPG/GS have been first used to cover operating expenses and debt
service payments, including those related to the note receivable, the advance
facility, and the working capital line, described above, which must be
substantially repaid before proceeds can be used for other purposes, including
the return of capital to both PRLP and FirstBank. FirstBank will not receive
any return on its equity interest until PRLP receives an aggregate amount
equivalent to its initial investment and a priority return of at least   12  %, resulting in FirstBank s
interest in CPG/GS being subordinate to PRLP s interest. CPG/GS will then begin
to make payments pro rata to PRLP and FirstBank,   35  % and   65  %, respectively, until
FirstBank has achieved a 12% return on its invested capital and the aggregate
amount of distributions is equal to FirstBank s capital contributions to
CPG/GS.    

The Bank has determined that CPG/GS is
a VIE in which the Bank is not the primary beneficiary. In determining the
primary beneficiary of CPG/GS, the Bank considered applicable guidance that
requires the Bank to qualitatively assess the determination of the primary
beneficiary (or consolidator) of CPG/GS based on whether it has both the power
to direct the activities of CPG/GS that most significantly impact the entity's
economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of CPG/GS that could
potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the
entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE.    

51             

The Bank determined that it does not
have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic
performance of CPG/GS as it does not have the right to manage the loan
portfolio, impact foreclosure proceedings, or manage the construction and sale
of the property; therefore, the Bank concluded that it is not the primary
beneficiary of CPG/GS. As a creditor to CPG/GS, the Bank has certain rights
related to CPG/GS; however, these are intended to be protective in nature and
do not provide the Bank with the ability to manage the operations of CPG/GS.
Since CPG/GS is not a consolidated subsidiary of the Bank and the transaction
met the criteria for sale accounting under authoritative guidance, the Bank
accounted for this transaction as a true sale, recognizing the cash received,
the notes receivable, and the interest in CPG/GS, and derecognizing the loan
portfolio sold.     

Servicing Assets    

The Corporation sells residential
mortgage loans to GNMA, which generally securitizes the transferred loans into
mortgage-backed securities. Also, certain conventional conforming loans are
sold to FNMA or FHLMC, with servicing retained. The Corporation recognizes as
separate assets the rights to service loans for others, whether those servicing
assets are originated or purchased.     

Impairment charges are recognized through a valuation allowance
for each individual stratum of servicing assets. The valuation allowance is
adjusted to reflect the amount, if any, by which the cost basis of the
servicing asset for a given stratum of loans being serviced exceeds its fair
value. Any fair value in excess of the cost basis of the servicing asset for a
given stratum is not recognized.     

52             

The
  Corporation s servicing assets are subject to prepayment and interest rate
  risks. Key economic assumptions used in determining the fair value at the
  time of sale of the related mortgages ranged as follows:  

Maximum   

Minimum   

Nine-Month Period
  Ended September 30, 2016:   

Constant
  prepayment rate:   

Government-guaranteed mortgage loans  

7.6  

%  

6.1  

%  

Conventional conforming mortgage loans  

8.0  

%  

6.5  

%  

Conventional non-conforming mortgage loans  

14.1  

%  

10.6  

%  

Discount rate:   

Government-guaranteed mortgage loans  

12.0  

%  

11.5  

%  

Conventional conforming mortgage loans  

10.0  

%  

9.5  

%  

Conventional non-conforming mortgage loans  

14.3  

%  

13.8  

%  

Nine-Month
  Period Ended September 30, 2015:   

Constant prepayment
  rate:   

Government-guaranteed mortgage loans  

9.2  

%  

7.9  

%  

Conventional conforming mortgage loans  

9.0  

%  

7.9  

%  

Conventional non-conforming mortgage loans  

14.4  

%  

12.9  

%  

Discount
  rate:   

Government-guaranteed mortgage loans  

11.5  

%  

11.5  

%  

Conventional conforming mortgage loans  

9.5  

%  

9.5  

%  

Conventional non-conforming mortgage loans  

13.8  

%  

13.8  

%  

53             

As of September 30, 2016, fair values of the Corporation s servicing assets
were based on a valuation model that incorporates market driven assumptions regarding
discount rates and mortgage prepayment rates, adjusted by the particular
characteristics of the Corporation s servicing portfolio. The weighted-averages
of the key economic assumptions used by the Corporation in its valuation model
and the sensitivity of the current aggregate fair value to immediate   10  % and   20  % adverse changes in those
assumptions for mortgage loans as of September 30, 2016 were as follows:     

These sensitivities are hypothetical and
should be used with caution. As the figures indicate, changes in fair value
based on a 10% variation in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated
because the relationship between the change in assumption and the change in
fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect of a variation in
a particular assumption on the fair value of the servicing asset is calculated
without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may
result in changes in another (for example, increases in market interest rates
may result in lower prepayments), which may magnify or counteract the
sensitivities.     

54             

NOTE 14  
DEPOSITS      

55             

NOTE 15  
SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE       

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the securities
underlying such agreements were delivered to the dealers with which the
repurchase agreements were transacted.           

56             

NOTE 16   ADVANCES FROM THE FEDERAL HOME
LOAN BANK (FHLB)       

As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had additional capacity
of approximately $      1.1       billion on this credit facility based on collateral pledged
at the FHLB, including a haircut reflecting the perceived risk associated with
holding the collateral.     

NOTE 17   OTHER BORROWINGS     

Other borrowings consist of:     

57             

NOTE 18  
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

Common Stock     

As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Corporation had 2,000,000,000 authorized
shares of common stock with a par value of $0.10 per share. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 218,605,179 and 216,051,128 shares
issued, respectively, and 217,387,647 and 215,088,698 shares outstanding,
respectively. On July 30, 2009, the Corporation announced the suspension of
common and preferred stock dividends effective with the preferred dividend for
the month of August 2009.  Refer to Note 3 for information about transactions
related to common stock under the Omnibus Plan.   

Preferred Stock     

The Corporation
has 50,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock with a par value of $  1.00  , redeemable at the
Corporation s option subject to certain terms. This stock may be issued in
series and the shares of each series will have such rights and preferences as
are fixed by the Board of Directors when authorizing the issuance of that
particular series. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation has five
outstanding series of non-convertible, non-cumulative preferred stock:   7.125  % non-cumulative perpetual
monthly income preferred stock, Series    8.35  % non-cumulative perpetual
monthly income preferred stock, Series    7.40  % non-cumulative perpetual
monthly income preferred stock, Series    7.25  % non-cumulative perpetual
monthly income preferred stock, Series  and   7.00  % non-cumulative perpetual
monthly income preferred stock, Series E.  The liquidation value per share
is $  25  .    

Effective January
17, 2012, the Corporation delisted all of its outstanding series of
non-convertible, non-cumulative preferred stock from the New York Stock
Exchange. The Corporation has not arranged for listing and/or registration on
another national securities exchange or for quotation of the Series A through E
Preferred Stock in a quotation medium.     

Treasury stock     

      During the first nine months of 2016
and 2015, the Corporation withheld an aggregate of   255,102   shares and   181,649   shares, respectively, of
the common stock paid to certain senior officers as additional compensation and
vested restricted stock to cover employees  payroll and income tax withholding
liabilities; these shares are held as treasury shares. As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Corporation had   1,217,532   and   962,430   shares held as treasury
stock, respectively.   

     FirstBank Statutory Reserve (Legal
Surplus)           

The Banking Law of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico requires that a minimum of   10  % of FirstBank s net income
for the year be transferred to legal surplus until such surplus equals the total
of paid-in-capital on common and preferred stock. Amounts transferred to the
legal surplus account from the retained earnings account are not available for
distribution to the Corporation, including for payment as dividends to the
stockholders, without the prior consent of the Puerto Rico Commissioner of
Financial Institutions. The Puerto Rico Banking Law provides that, when the
expenditures of a Puerto Rico commercial bank are greater than receipts, the
excess of the expenditures over receipts shall be charged against the
undistributed profits of the bank, and the balance, if any, shall be charged
against the reserve fund, as a reduction thereof. If there is no reserve fund
sufficient to cover such balance in whole or in part, the outstanding amount
shall be charged against the capital account and the Bank cannot pay dividends
until it can replenish the reserve fund to an amount of at least   20  % of the original capital
contributed. During the fourth quarter of 2015, $  2.8   million was transferred to
the legal surplus reserve. FirstBank s legal surplus reserve, included as part
of retained earnings in the Corporation s statement of financial condition,
amounted to $42.8 million as of September 30, 2016. There were no transfers to
the legal surplus reserve during the first nine months of 2016.       

58             

NOTE 19 - INCOME TAXES     

Income tax expense
includes Puerto Rico and USVI income taxes as well as applicable U.S. federal
and state taxes. The Corporation is subject to Puerto Rico income tax on its
income from all sources. As a Puerto Rico corporation, First BanCorp. is treated
as a foreign corporation for U.S. and USVI income tax purposes and is generally
subject to U.S. and USVI income tax only on its income from sources within the
U.S. and USVI or income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or
business in those regions. Any such tax paid in the U.S. and USVI is also
creditable against the Corporation s Puerto Rico tax liability, subject to
certain conditions and limitations.    

Under the Puerto Rico Internal Revenue
Code of 2011, as amended (the  2011 PR Code ), the Corporation and its
subsidiaries are treated as separate taxable entities and are not entitled to
file consolidated tax returns and, thus, the Corporation is not able to utilize
losses from one subsidiary to offset gains in another subsidiary. Accordingly,
in order to obtain a tax benefit from a net operating loss ( NOL ), a
particular subsidiary must be able to demonstrate sufficient taxable income
within the applicable NOL carry forward period. The 2011 PR Code provides a
dividend received deduction of   100  % on dividends received
from  controlled  subsidiaries subject to taxation in Puerto Rico and   85  % on dividends received
from other taxable domestic corporations.   

The Corporation has maintained an
effective tax rate lower than the maximum statutory rate in Puerto Rico mainly
by investing in government obligations and mortgage-backed securities exempt
from U.S. and Puerto Rico income taxes and by doing business through an
International Banking Entity ( IBE ) unit of the Bank, and through the Bank s
subsidiary, FirstBank Overseas Corporation, whose interest income and gain on
sales is exempt from Puerto Rico income taxation. The IBE and FirstBank
Overseas Corporation were created under the International Banking Entity Act of
Puerto Rico, which provides for total Puerto Rico tax exemption on net income
derived by IBEs operating in Puerto Rico on the specific activities identified
in the IBE Act.  An IBE that operates as a unit of a bank pays income taxes at
the corporate standard rates to the extent that the IBE s net income exceeds   20  % of the bank s total net
taxable income.   

As of September 30, 2016, the
Corporation s deferred tax assets, net of a valuation allowance of $  201.7   million, amounted to $  290.9   million and management
concluded, based upon the assessment of all positive and negative evidence,
that it is more likely than not that the Corporation will generate sufficient
taxable income within the applicable NOL carry-forward periods to realize such
amount.   

The Corporation recorded an income tax
expense of $10.4 million and $23.7 million in the third quarter and the first
nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to an income tax expense of $4.5
million and $2.7 million for the same periods in 2015. The change in income tax
expense in the third quarter of 2016, when compared to the third quarter of
2015, is mainly driven by higher taxable income. For the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation calculated the provision for income
taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate for the full fiscal
year to ordinary income or loss. In the computation of the consolidated
worldwide estimated annual effective tax rate, ASC 740-270 requires the
exclusion of legal entities with pre-tax losses from which a tax benefit cannot
be recognized. The consolidated worldwide estimated annual effective tax rate,
excluding entities with pre-tax losses from which a tax benefit cannot be recognized,
was   24  % for the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, compared to   17  % for the same period in
2015. The increase in the estimated effective tax rate for the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016, when compared to the same period in 2015,
reflects the impact in 2015 of a release in the valuation allowance resulting
from the bargain purchase gain, which generated a deferred tax liability. As
required by ASC 740-270, changes in the valuation allowance related to the
current year are included in the computation of the estimated effective tax
rate for the year. The effective tax rate including all entities for the first
nine months of 2016 was   25  %, compared to   30  % for the same period in
2015.   

As of September 30,
2016, the Corporation did not have Unrecognized Tax Benefits ( UTBs ) recorded
on its books. Audit periods remain open for review until the statute of
limitations has passed. The statute of limitations under the 2011 PR code is 4
years; the statute of limitations for income taxes purposes for each of the
Virgin Islands and U.S. is three years after a tax return is due or filed,
whichever is later. The completion of an audit by the taxing authorities or the
expiration of the statute of limitations for a given audit period could result
in an adjustment to the Corporation s liability for income taxes. Any such
adjustment could be material to the results of operations for any given
quarterly or annual period based, in part, upon the results of operations for
the given period. For Virgin Islands and U.S. income tax purposes, all tax
years subsequent to 2011 remain open to examination. The 2012 U.S. federal tax
return is currently under examination by the IRS. For Puerto Rico tax purposes,
all tax years subsequent to 2011 remain open to examination.      

59             

NOTE 20  
FAIR VALUE     

Fair Value Measurement     

The FASB authoritative guidance for fair
value measurement defines fair value as the exchange price that would be
received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  This guidance
also establishes a fair value hierarchy for classifying financial instruments. 
The hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation techniques used
to measure fair value are observable or unobservable.  Three levels of inputs
may be used to measure fair value:         

Level 1   

Valuations of Level 1 assets and liabilities are obtained from
  readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical
  assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include equity
  securities that trade in an active exchange market, as well as certain U.S.
  Treasury and other U.S. government and agency securities and corporate debt
  securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active markets.  

Level 2   

Valuations of Level 2 assets and liabilities are based on
  observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for
  similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be
  corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the
  assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include (i)
  mortgage-backed securities for which the fair value is estimated based on the
  value of identical or comparable assets, (ii) debt securities with quoted
  prices that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments, and
  (iii) derivative contracts whose value is determined using a pricing model
  with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally
  from or corroborated by observable market data.  

Level 3   

Valuations of Level 3 assets and liabilities are based on
  unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and
  are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3
  assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is
  determined by using pricing models for which the determination of fair value
  required significant management judgments estimation.  

For 2016, there were no transfers into or
out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.   

Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair
Value on a Recurring Basis     

Investment securities available for sale    

The fair value of
investment securities was the market value based on quoted market prices (as is
the case with equity securities, Treasury notes, and non-callable U.S. Agency
debt securities), when available (Level 1), or, when available, market prices for
identical or comparable assets (as is the case with MBS and callable U.S.
agency debt) that are based on observable market parameters, including
benchmark yields, reported trades, quotes from brokers or dealers, issuer
spreads, bids, offers and reference data including market research operations
(Level 2). Observable prices in the market already consider the risk of
nonperformance. During the first nine months of 2016, the Corporation recorded
OTTI charges of $6.3 million on certain Puerto Rico Government debt securities,
specifically bonds of the GDB and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings
Authority. The credit impairment loss was based on the probability of
default and loss severity in the event of default in consideration of the
latest information available about the Puerto Rico Government s financial
condition. Refer to Note 4 - Investment Securities, for significant
assumptions used to determine the credit impairment portion, including default
rates and recovery rates, which are unobservable inputs. If listed prices or
quotes are not available, fair value is based upon models that use unobservable
inputs due to the limited market activity of the instrument, as is the case
with certain private label mortgage-backed securities held by the Corporation
(Level 3).    

Private label MBS are collateralized by
fixed-rate mortgages on single-family residential properties in the United
States; the interest rate on the securities is variable, tied to 3-month LIBOR
and limited to the weighted-average coupon of the underlying collateral. The
market valuation represents the estimated net cash flows over the projected
life of the pool of underlying assets applying a discount rate that reflects
market observed floating spreads over LIBOR, with a widening spread based on a
nonrated security. The market valuation is derived from a model that utilizes
relevant assumptions such as the prepayment rate, default rate, and loss
severity on a loan level basis. The Corporation modeled the cash flow from the
fixed-rate mortgage collateral using a static cash flow analysis according to
collateral attributes of the underlying mortgage pool (i.e., loan term, current
balance, note rate, rate adjustment type, rate adjustment frequency, rate caps,
and others) in combination with prepayment forecasts obtained from a
commercially available prepayment model (ADCO). The variable cash flow of the
security is modeled using the 3-month LIBOR forward curve. Loss assumptions
were driven by the combination of default and loss severity estimates, taking
into account loan credit characteristics       

60             

(loan-to-value,
state, origination date, property type, occupancy loan purpose, documentation
type, debt-to-income ratio, and other) to provide an estimate of default and
loss severity.    

Refer to the table below for further
information regarding qualitative information for all assets and liabilities measured
at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).   

Derivative instruments    

The fair value of
most of the Corporation s derivative instruments is based on observable market
parameters and takes into consideration the credit risk component of paying
counterparties, when appropriate, except when collateral is pledged. On
interest caps, only the seller's credit risk is considered.  The caps were
valued using a discounted cash flow approach using the related LIBOR and swap
rate for each cash flow.    

Although most of
the derivative instruments are fully collateralized, a credit spread is
considered for those that are not secured in full. The cumulative
mark-to-market effect of credit risk in the valuation of derivative instruments
for the quarter and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was
immaterial.           

61             

The table below presents a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances of all assets and liabilities measured at
fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
for the quarters and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:     

62             

The table below presents qualitative
  information for significant assets and liabilities measured at fair value on
  a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) at
  September 30, 2016:  

September 30, 2016   

(In thousands)  

Fair Value   

Valuation Technique   

Unobservable Input   

Range   

Investment
  securities available-for-sale:   

Private label
  MBS  

$  

22,130    

Discounted cash
  flow  

Discount rate  

13.3%  

Prepayment rate  

6.5% -22.5% (Weighted Average 13.7%)  

Projected
  cumulative loss rate  

0.2% -9.1% (Weighted Average 4.0%)  

Puerto Rico
  Government Obligations  

2,167    

Discounted cash
  flow  

Prepayment rate  

3.00%  

Information about Sensitivity to Changes in Significant
Unobservable Inputs     

Private label MBS     : The significant unobservable inputs in
the valuation include probability of default, the loss severity assumption, and
prepayment rates. Shifts in those inputs would result in different fair value
measurements. Increases in the probability of default, loss severity
assumptions, and prepayment rates in isolation would generally result in an
adverse effect on the fair value of the instruments. Meaningful and possible
shifts of each input were modeled to assess the effect on the fair value
estimation.    

Puerto Rico Government Obligations     : The significant unobservable input used
in the fair value measurement is the assumed prepayment rate of the underlying residential
mortgage loans collateral on these obligations that are guaranteed by the
Puerto Rico Housing Finance Authority ( PRHFA ). A significant increase
(decrease) in the assumed rate would lead to a higher (lower) fair value
estimate. Loss severity and probability of default are not included as
significant unobservable variables due to the guarantee of the PRHFA. The PRHFA
credit risk is modeled by discounting the cash flows using a curve appropriate
to the PRHFA credit rating.     

The tables
  below summarize changes in unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings
  for the quarters and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for
  Level 3 assets and liabilities that are still held at the end of each period:  

Changes in Unrealized Losses   

Changes in Unrealized Losses   

(Quarter ended September 30, 2016)   

(Quarter ended September 30, 2015)   

Level 3
  Instruments Only   

Securities    

Securities    

(In thousands)  

Available For Sale   

Available For Sale   

Changes in
  unrealized losses relating to assets still held at reporting date:   

Net
  impairment losses on available-for-sale investment securities (credit
  component)  

$  

-  

$  

(231)  

Changes in Unrealized Losses   

Changes in Unrealized Losses   

(Nine-Month Period Ended September 30,
  2016)   

(Nine-Month Period Ended September 30,
  2015)   

Level 3
  Instruments Only   

Securities    

Securities    

(In thousands)  

Available For Sale   

Available For Sale   

Changes in
  unrealized losses relating to assets still held at reporting date:   

Net
  impairment losses on available-for-sale investment securities (credit
  component)  

$  

(387)  

$  

(628)  

63             

Additionally,
fair value is used on a nonrecurring basis to evaluate certain assets in
accordance with GAAP. Adjustments to fair value usually result from the
application of lower-of-cost or market accounting (e.g., loans held for sale
carried at the lower-of-cost or fair value and repossessed assets) or write downs
of individual assets (e.g., goodwill, loans).     

As of
  September 30, 2016, impairment or valuation adjustments were recorded for
  assets recognized at fair value on a non-recurring basis as shown in the
  following table:  

Carrying value as of September 30, 2016   

(Losses) recorded for the Quarter
  Ended                 September 30, 2016   

(Losses) recorded for the Nine-Month
  Period Ended September 30, 2016   

Level 1   

Level 2   

Level 3   

(In thousands)  

Loans receivable 
  (1)   

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

426,444  

$  

(13,912)  

$  

(41,621)  

OREO  (2)   

-  

-  

139,446  

(1,702)  

(6,580)  

Mortgage
  servicing rights  (3)   

-  

-  

25,475  

(263)  

(387)  

(1)  

Consist mainly
  of impaired commercial and construction loans.  The impairment was generally
  measured based on the fair value of the collateral. The fair value was
  derived from external appraisals that take into consideration prices in
  observed transactions involving similar assets in similar locations but
  adjusted for specific characteristics and assumptions of the collateral (e.g.
  absorption rates), which are not market observable.  

(2)  

The fair value
  was derived from appraisals that take into consideration prices in observed
  transactions involving similar assets in similar locations but adjusted for
  specific characteristics and assumptions of the properties (e.g. absorption
  rates and net operating income of income producing properties), which are not
  market observable.  Losses were related to market valuation adjustments after
  the transfer of the loans to the OREO portfolio.  

(3)  

Fair value
  adjustments to mortgage servicing rights were mainly due to assumptions
  associated with mortgage prepayment rates. The Corporation carries its
  mortgage servicing rights at the lower of cost or market, measured at fair
  value on a non-recurring basis.  Assumptions for the value of mortgage
  servicing rights include:  Prepayment rate of 6.34%, Discount Rate of 11.18%.  

As of
  September 30, 2015, impairment or valuation adjustments were recorded for
  assets recognized at fair value on a non-recurring basis as shown in the
  following table:  

Carrying value as of September 30, 2015   

(Losses) recorded for the Quarter Ended
  September 30, 2015   

(Losses) recorded for the Nine-Month
  Period Ended September 30, 2015   

Level 1   

Level 2   

Level 3   

(In thousands)  

Loans receivable 
  (1)   

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

332,688  

$  

(7,864)  

$  

(22,431)  

OREO  (2)   

-  

-  

124,442  

(4,025)  

(8,790)  

Mortgage
  servicing rights  (3)   

-  

-  

23,960  

(23)  

(170)  

Loans Held For
  Sale  (4)   

-  

-  

8,027  

-  

-  

(1)  

Consist mainly
  of impaired commercial and construction loans.  The impairment was generally
  measured based on the fair value of the collateral. The fair value was
  derived from external appraisals that take into consideration prices in
  observed transactions involving similar assets in similar locations but
  adjusted for specific characteristics and assumptions of the collateral (e.g.
  absorption rates), which are not market observable.  

(2)  

The fair value
  was derived from appraisals that take into consideration prices in observed
  transactions involving similar assets in similar locations but adjusted for
  specific characteristics and assumptions of the properties (e.g. absorption
  rates and net operating income of income producing properties), which are not
  market observable.  Losses were related to market valuation adjustments after
  the transfer of the loans to the OREO portfolio.  

(3)  

Fair value
  adjustments to the mortgage servicing rights were mainly due to assumptions
  associated with mortgage prepayments rates. The Corporation carries its
  mortgage servicing rights at the lower of cost or market, measured at fair
  value on a non-recurring basis. Assumptions for the value of mortgage
  servicing rights include: Prepayment Rate of 9.32%, Discount Rate of 10.64%.  

(4)  

The value of
  these loans was derived from external appraisals, adjusted for specific
  characteristics of the loans.  

64             

Qualitative information regarding the
  fair value measurements for Level 3 financial instruments is as follows:  

September 30, 2016   

Method   

Inputs   

Loans  

Income, Market,
  Comparable Sales, Discounted Cash Flows  

External
  appraised values; probability weighting of broker price opinions; management
  assumptions regarding market trends or other relevant factors  

OREO  

Income, Market,
  Comparable Sales, Discounted Cash Flows  

External
  appraised values; probability weighting of broker price opinions; management
  assumptions regarding market trends or other relevant factors  

Mortgage
  servicing rights  

Discounted Cash
  Flow  

Weighted
  average prepayment rate of 6.34%; weighted average discount rate of 11.18%  

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used
for instruments that are not measured or reported at fair value on a recurring
basis or that are reported at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The
estimated fair value was calculated using certain facts and assumptions, which
vary depending on the specific financial instrument.   

Cash and due from banks and money market
investments    

The carrying
amounts of cash and due from banks and money market investments are reasonable
estimates of their fair value. Money market investments include
held-to-maturity securities, which have a contractual maturity of three months
or less. The fair value of these securities is based on quoted market prices in
active markets that incorporate the risk of nonperformance.   

Investment securities held to maturity    

Investment securities held to maturity
consist of financing arrangements with Puerto Rico municipalities issued in
bond form, but underwritten as loans with features that are typically found in
commercial loan transactions. These obligations typically are not issued in
bearer form, nor are they registered with the SEC and are not rated by external
credit agencies. The fair value of these financing arrangements was based on a
discounted cash flow analysis using risk-adjusted discount rates (Level 3). A security
with similar characteristics traded in the open market is used as a proxy for
each municipal bond. Then the cash flow is discounted at the average spread
over the discount curve exhibited by the proxy security at the end of each
quarter.   

Other equity securities    

Equity or other
securities that do not have a readily available fair value are stated at their
net realizable value, which management believes is a reasonable proxy for their
fair value. This category is principally composed of stock that is owned by the
Corporation to comply with FHLB regulatory requirements. The realizable value
of the FHLB stock equals its cost as this stock can be freely redeemed at par.   

Loans receivable, including loans held for
sale    

The fair value of loans held for investment and of mortgage
loans held for sale was estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on
interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms and credit
quality and with adjustments that the Corporation s management believes a
market participant would consider in determining fair value. Loans were
classified by type, such as commercial, residential mortgage, and automobile.
These asset categories were further segmented into fixed- and adjustable-rate
categories. Valuations are carried out based on categories and not on a
loan-by-loan basis.  The fair values of performing fixed-rate and
adjustable-rate loans were calculated by discounting expected cash flows
through the estimated maturity date. This fair value is not currently an
indication of an exit price as that type of assumption could result in a
different fair value estimate. The fair value of credit card loans was
estimated using a discounted cash flow method and excludes any value related to
a customer account relationship. Other loans with no stated maturity, like
credit lines, were valued at book value. Prepayment assumptions were considered
for non-residential loans. For residential mortgage loans, prepayment estimates
were based on a prepayment model that combined both a historical calibration
and current market prepayment expectations. Discount rates were based on the
U.S. Treasury and LIBOR/Swap Yield Curves at the date of the analysis, and
included appropriate adjustments for expected credit losses and liquidity. For
impaired collateral dependent loans, the impairment was primarily measured
based on the fair value of the collateral, which is derived from appraisals
that take into consideration prices in observable transactions involving
similar assets in similar locations.    

65             

Deposits    

The estimated fair value of demand deposits and savings
accounts, which are deposits with no defined maturities, equals the amount
payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair values of retail fixed-rate
time deposits, with stated maturities, are based on the present value of the
future cash flows expected to be paid on the deposits. The cash flows were
based on contractual maturities; no early repayments were assumed. Discount
rates were based on the LIBOR yield curve.   

       The estimated fair value of total
deposits excludes the fair value of core deposit intangibles, which represent
the value of the customer relationship. The fair value of total deposits is
measured by the value of demand deposits and savings deposits that bear a low
or zero rate of interest and do not fluctuate in response to changes in
interest rates.    

       The fair value of brokered CDs, which
are included within deposits, is determined using discounted cash flow analyses
over the full term of the CDs. The fair value of the CDs is computed using the
outstanding principal amount. The discount rates used were based on brokered CD
market rates as of September 30, 2016.  The fair value does not incorporate the
risk of nonperformance, since interests in brokered CDs are generally sold by
brokers in amounts of less than $  250,000
  and, therefore, are
insured by the FDIC.    

Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase    

Some repurchase
agreements reprice at least quarterly, and their outstanding balances are
estimated to be their fair value. Where longer commitments are involved, fair
value is estimated using exit price indications of the cost of unwinding the
transactions as of the end of the reporting period. The brokers who are the
counterparties provide these indications, which the Corporation evaluates.
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are fully collateralized by
investment securities.   

Advances from FHLB    

The fair value of
advances from the FHLB with fixed maturities is determined using discounted
cash flow analyses over the full term of the borrowings, using indications of
the fair value of similar transactions. The cash flows assume no early
repayment of the borrowings. Discount rates are based on the LIBOR yield
curve.   Advances from the FHLB are fully collateralized by mortgage loans and,
to a lesser extent, investment securities.   

Other borrowings    

Other borrowings consist of junior
subordinated debentures. Projected cash flows from the debentures were
discounted using the Bloomberg BB Finance curve plus a credit spread. This
credit spread was estimated using the difference in yield curves between swap
rates and a yield curve that considers the industry and credit rating of the
Corporation as issuer of the debentures at a tenor comparable to the time to maturity
of the debentures.     

66             

67             

NOTE 21   SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW
INFORMATION     

Supplemental cash flow information is as
follows:     

68             

NOTE 22   SEGMENT INFORMATION     

Based upon the
Corporation s organizational structure and the information provided to the
Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and, to a lesser extent, the Board
of Directors, the operating segments are driven primarily by the Corporation s
lines of business for its operations in Puerto Rico, the Corporation s
principal market, and by geographic areas for its operations outside of Puerto
Rico.  As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had six reportable segments:
Commercial and Corporate Banking; Mortgage Banking; Consumer (Retail) Banking;
Treasury and Investments; United States Operations; and Virgin Islands
Operations.  Management determined the reportable segments based on the
internal reporting used to evaluate performance and to assess where to allocate
resources. Other factors such as the Corporation s organizational chart, nature
of the products, distribution channels, and the economic characteristics of the
products were also considered in the determination of the reportable segments.   

The Commercial and
Corporate Banking segment consists of the Corporation s lending and other
services for large customers represented by specialized and middle-market
clients and the public sector. The Commercial and Corporate Banking segment
offers commercial loans, including commercial real estate and construction
loans, and floor plan financings, as well as other products, such as cash
management and business management services. The Mortgage Banking segment
consists of the origination, sale, and servicing of a variety of residential
mortgage loans. The Mortgage Banking segment also acquires and sells mortgages
in the secondary markets.  In addition, the Mortgage Banking segment includes
mortgage loans purchased from other local banks and mortgage bankers.  The
Consumer (Retail) Banking segment consists of the Corporation s consumer
lending and deposit-taking activities conducted mainly through its branch
network and loan centers. The Treasury and Investments segment is responsible
for the Corporation s investment portfolio and treasury functions executed to
manage and enhance liquidity.  This segment lends funds to the Commercial and
Corporate Banking, Mortgage Banking and Consumer (Retail) Banking segments to
finance their lending activities and borrows from those segments and from the
United States Operations segment.  The Consumer (Retail) Banking and the United
States Operations segments also lend funds to other segments. The interest
rates charged or credited by Treasury and Investments, the Consumer (Retail)
Banking and the United States Operations segments are allocated based on market
rates. The difference between the allocated interest income or expense and the
Corporation s actual net interest income from centralized management of funding
costs is reported in the Treasury and Investments segment. The United States
Operations segment consists of all banking activities conducted by FirstBank in
the United States mainland, including commercial and retail banking services. 
The Virgin Islands Operations segment consists of all banking activities conducted
by the Corporation in the USVI and BVI, including commercial and retail banking
services.     

The accounting
policies of the segments are the same as those referred to in Note 1,  Basis of
Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies,  in the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2015, which are
included in the Corporation s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.    

The Corporation
evaluates the performance of the segments based on net interest income, the
provision for loan and lease losses, non-interest income and direct
non-interest expenses. The segments are also evaluated based on the average
volume of their interest-earning assets less the allowance for loan and lease
losses.     

69             

70             

NOTE 23  
REGULATORY MATTERS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    

The Corporation is
subject to various regulatory capital requirements imposed by the federal
banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in certain
mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if
undertaken, could have a direct material adverse effect on the Corporation s
financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, the Corporation must meet specific
capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Corporation s
assets and liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under
regulatory accounting practices. The Corporation s capital amounts and
classification are also subject to qualitative judgments and adjustment by the
regulators with respect to minimum capital requirements, components, risk
weightings, and other factors.   

First BanCorp. is
subject to the Written Agreement that the Corporation entered into with the New
York FED on June 3, 2010. The Written Agreement provides, among other things,
that the holding company must serve as a source of strength to FirstBank, and
that, except with the consent generally of the New York FED and the Federal
Reserve Board, (1) the holding company may not pay dividends to stockholders or
receive dividends from FirstBank, (2) the holding company and its nonbank
subsidiaries may not make payments on trust-preferred securities or
subordinated debt, and (3) the holding company cannot incur, increase, or
guarantee debt or repurchase any capital securities. The Written Agreement also
required that the holding company submit a capital plan acceptable to the New
York FED that reflected sufficient capital at First BanCorp. on a consolidated
basis and follow certain guidelines with respect to the appointment or change
in responsibilities of senior officers. The foregoing summary is not complete
and is qualified in all respects by reference to the actual language of the
Written Agreement, which the Corporation filed with the SEC.   

The Corporation
submitted its Capital Plan setting forth its plans for how to improve its
capital positions to comply with the Written Agreement over time. In addition
to the Capital Plan, the Corporation submitted to its regulators a liquidity
and brokered CD plan, including a contingency funding plan, a non-performing
asset reduction plan, a budget and profit plan, a strategic plan, and a plan
for the reduction of classified and special mention assets. As of September 30,
2016, the Corporation had completed all of the items included in the Capital
Plan and is continuing to work on reducing non-performing loans. The Written
Agreement also requires the submission to the regulators of quarterly progress
reports.   

Although the
Corporation and FirstBank became subject to the U.S. Basel III capital rules
( Basel III rules ) beginning on January 1, 2015, certain requirements of the
Basel III rules will be phased in over several years. The phase-in period for
certain deductions and adjustments to regulatory capital (such as certain
intangible assets and deferred tax assets that arise from net operating losses
and tax credit carryforwards) will be completed on January 1, 2018. The
Corporation and FirstBank compute risk-weighted assets using the Standardized
Approach required by the Basel III rules.   

71             

The Basel III rules require the Corporation to maintain an additional
capital conservation buffer of   2.5  % to avoid limitations on
both (i) capital distributions (e.g. repurchases of capital instruments or
dividend or interest payments on capital instruments) and (ii) discretionary
bonus payments to executive officers and heads of major business lines. The
phase-in of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016 with a
first year requirement of   0.625  % of additional Common
Equity Tier 1 Capital ( CET1 ), which will be progressively increased over a
four-year period, increasing by that same percentage amount on each subsequent
January 1 until it reaches the fully phased-in 2.5% CET1 requirement on January
1, 2019.   

Under the fully phased-in Basel III
rules, in order to be considered adequately capitalized, the Corporation will
be required to maintain: (i) a minimum CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets
ratio of at least      4.5    %, plus the 2.5%  capital
conservation buffer,  resulting in a required minimum CET1 ratio of at least   7  %, (ii) a minimum ratio of
total Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least   6.0  %, plus the 2.5% capital
conservation buffer, resulting in a required minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of   8.5  %, (iii) a minimum ratio of
total Tier 1 plus Tier 2 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least   8.0  %, plus the 2.5% capital
conservation buffer, resulting in a required minimum total capital ratio of   10.5  %, and (iv) a required
minimum leverage ratio of   4  %, calculated as the ratio
of Tier 1 capital to average on-balance sheet (non-risk adjusted) assets.    

In addition, as required under the
Basel III rules, the Corporation s trust preferred securities ( TRuPs ) were
fully phased out from Tier 1 capital on January 1, 2016. However, the
Corporation s TRuPs may continue to be included in Tier 2 capital until the
instruments are redeemed or mature.    

In March 2016, the FDIC adopted a
final rule ( Final Rule ) imposing a quarterly deposit insurance assessment
surcharge on banks with at least $  10   billion in assets of 4.5
cents per $  100   of their assessment base,
after making certain adjustments once the Deposit Insurance Fund Reserve Ratio
reaches or exceeds 1.15 percent. For purposes of this surcharge, the first $10
billion of assets are subtracted from the regular insurance assessment base to
determine the surcharge base. The assessment surcharge became effective on July
1, 2016, is assessed as of the third quarter of 2016, and applies to FirstBank.
The Bank s current surcharge base is slightly higher than the $10 billion
threshold. The surcharge assessments will continue through December 31, 2018 or
until the Deposit Insurance Fund Reserve Ratio reaches or exceeds 1.35 percent.
In addition, under existing regulations, the FDIC reduced the initial base
assessment rate, which reduces the standard risk-based assessment rate. This
resulted in a decrease in the total FDIC insurance premium expense (standard
risk-based assessment plus assessment surcharge expense) of approximately $  0.8   million in the third
quarter of 2016, as the benefit of the reduction in the initial base assessment
rate exceeded the surcharge amount. In addition, under the Final Rule, if the
Deposit Insurance Fund Reserve Ratio does not reach 1.35 percent by December
31, 2018, a shortfall assessment may be assessed on large banks in the first
quarter of 2019 and collected by the FDIC on June 30, 2019.   

Other Recent Regulatory Developments    

In May 2016, the federal banking
agencies proposed regulations governing incentive-based compensation practices
at covered banking institutions. These proposed rules are intended to better
align the financial rewards for covered employees with an institution s
long-term safety and soundness. Portions of these proposed rules would apply to
the Corporation and FirstBank. Those applicable provisions would generally (i)
prohibit types and features of incentive-based compensation arrangements that
encourage inappropriate risk because they are  excessive  or  could lead to
material financial loss  at the banking institution; (ii) require
incentive-based compensation arrangements to adhere to three basic principles:
(1) a balance between risk and reward; (2) effective risk management and
controls; and (3) effective governance; and (iii) require appropriate board of
directors (or committee) oversight and recordkeeping and disclosures to the
banking institution s primary regulatory agency. The nature and substance of
any final action to adopt these proposed rules, and the timing of any such
action, are not known at this time.    

Please refer to the discussion in
 Part I   Item 7   Business   Supervision and Regulation  in the Corporation s
2015 Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of supervision and regulatory
matters and activities that affect the Corporation and its subsidiaries.     

72             

The Corporation enters into financial
instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to
meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments may
include commitments to extend credit and commitments to sell mortgage loans at
fair value. As of September 30, 2016, commitments to extend credit amounted to
approximately $      1.1       billion, of which $  631.5   million relates to credit
card loans. Commercial and Financial standby letters of credit amounted to approximately
$  46.7   million. Commitments to
extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no
violation of any conditions established in the contract. Commitments generally
have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Since certain
commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total
commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. For
most of the commercial lines of credit, the Corporation has the option to
reevaluate the agreement prior to additional disbursements. In the case of
credit cards and personal lines of credit, the Corporation can cancel the
unused credit facility at any time and without cause. Generally, the Corporation
does not enter into interest rate lock agreements with prospective borrowers in
connection with its mortgage banking activities.   

As of September 30,
2016, First BanCorp. and its subsidiaries were defendants in various legal
proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management believes
that the final disposition of these matters, to the extent not previously
provided for, will not have a material adverse effect, individually or in the
aggregate, on the Corporation s financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.     

73             

NOTE 24   FIRST BANCORP. (HOLDING COMPANY
ONLY) FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

The following condensed financial
information presents the financial position of the Holding Company only as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the results of its operations for
the quarters and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.     

74             

NOTE 25   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    

The Corporation has performed an
evaluation of events     occurring          subsequent
to September 30, 2016; management has determined that there are no events
occurring in this period that require disclosure in or adjustment to the
accompanying financial statements.      

75             

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD A)    

76             

The following
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations relates to the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements of First BanCorp. (the  Corporation  or  First BanCorp. ) and should
be read in conjunction with such financial statements and the notes thereto. 
This section also presents certain non-GAAP financial measures.  Refer to
 Basis of Presentation  below for additional information about why the non-GAAP
financial measures are being presented.   

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY    

First BanCorp. is a diversified financial
holding company headquartered in San Juan, Puerto Rico offering a full range of
financial products to consumers and commercial customers through various
subsidiaries. First BanCorp. is the holding company of FirstBank Puerto Rico
( FirstBank  or the  Bank ) and FirstBank Insurance Agency. Through its wholly
owned subsidiaries, the Corporation operates offices in Puerto Rico, the United
States Virgin Islands and British Virgin Islands, and the State of Florida
(USA), concentrating on commercial banking, residential mortgage loan
originations, finance leases, credit cards, personal loans, small loans, auto
loans, and insurance agency and broker-dealer activities.   

OVERVIEW OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

First BanCorp.'s results of operations depend primarily on
its net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income
earned on its interest-earning assets, including investment securities and
loans, and the interest expense incurred on its interest-bearing liabilities,
including deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is affected by various
factors, including: the interest rate scenario; the volumes, mix and
composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities; and
the re-pricing characteristics of these assets and liabilities. The
Corporation's results of operations also depend on the provision for loan and
lease losses, non-interest expenses (such as personnel, occupancy, deposit
insurance premium and other costs), non-interest income (mainly service charges
and fees on deposits, insurance income and revenues from broker-dealer
operations), gains (losses) on sales of investments, gains (losses) on mortgage
banking activities, and income taxes.   

The Corporation had n    et income of $24.1 million, or $0.11 per diluted common share, for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to $14.8 million, or $0.07 per
diluted common share, for the same period in 2015.  The Corporation s financial
results for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 were impacted by several items
that management believes are not reflective of core operating performance, are
not expected to reoccur with any regularity or may reoccur at uncertain times
and amounts, including: (i) a gain of $6.1 million ($5.9 million after-tax) on
sales of $198.7 million of U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities ( MBS )
recorded in the third quarter of 2016, (ii) severance payments of $0.3 million
($0.2 million after-tax) related to permanent job discontinuance in the third
quarter of 2016, and (iii) other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) losses on
private label MBS of $0.2 million recorded in the third quarter of 2015 (no tax
benefit was recognized for the OTTI charge).   

On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the gain
on sales of U.S. agency MBS and severance payments in the third quarter of
2016, the adjusted net income of $18.3 million for the third quarter of 2016
increased $3.3 million compared to adjusted net income of $15.0 million for the
third quarter of 2015, excluding the OTTI losses on private label MBS.     

The following table reconciles for the
third quarter of 2016 and 2015, the reported net income to adjusted net income,
a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes items that management believes are
not reflective of core operating performance or that are not expected to
reoccur with any regularity or reoccur at uncertain times and amounts:   

77             

The key drivers of the Corporation s financial results
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015,
include the following:  

Net interest income decreased $6.8
million to $118.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$124.9 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease in net interest income
was primarily driven by a $5.6 million reduction in interest income on loans,
including: (i) a $4.0 million decrease in interest income on consumer loans
mainly attributable to a decrease of $144.2 million in the average balance of
this portfolio, primarily auto loans, (ii) a $0.5 million decrease in interest
income on commercial and construction loans reflecting a decline of $100.4
million in the average balance of these portfolios that resulted in a decrease
of approximately $1.0 million in interest income, partially offset by higher
commercial loan yields that largely reflected the upward repricing of variable
rate commercial loans tied to higher short-term interest rates, and (iii) a
$1.0 million decrease in interest income on residential mortgage loans
attributable to several factors including lower cash collections on residential
non-performing loans, lower accretion income on PCI loans and a decrease of
$18.0 million in the average balance of this portfolio.    

In addition, net interest income was adversely
impacted by a $0.9 million decrease in interest income on investment
securities, primarily reflecting the gradual reinvestment of MBS prepayments in
lower yielding securities given the current interest rate environment, and a
$0.5 million increase in interest expense driven by a higher average balance of
Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) advances, the upward repricing of repurchase
agreements, and a higher average cost on variable rate money market deposit
accounts.    

The net interest margin, excluding fair value
adjustments, decreased 13 basis points to 4.06% for the third quarter of 2016
compared to the same period in 2015. The decline was primarily driven by lower
yields on investment securities and higher funding costs as noted above. 
Higher rates on new brokered CDs than the rates of matured brokered CDs also
contributed to the increase in the average cost of funds, primarily reflecting
the current interest rate environment and, to some extent, extended maturities
for purposes of interest rate risk management. In addition, the net interest
margin was impacted by changes in the mix of earning assets, reflecting higher
balances in investment securities and lower loan balances. For a definition and
reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure, refer to  Net Interest
Income  discussion below.  

The provision for loan and lease
losses decreased $9.7 million to $21.5 million for the third quarter of 2016
compared to $31.2 million for the same period in 2015.  The decrease reflects a
reduction of $4.9 million in the provision for consumer loans, primarily auto loans,
driven by lower charge-offs and loss severity rates and the overall decrease in
the size of this portfolio. In addition, the provision for residential mortgage
loans decreased by $2.4 million, reflecting lower delinquency levels and the
decrease in the size of the portfolio, and the provision for commercial and
construction loans decreased by $2.4 million, primarily related to a lower
migration of loans to adverse classification categories.       

Net charge-offs totaled $41.9 million for the third
quarter of 2016, or 1.90% of average loans on an annualized basis, compared to
$23.7 million, or 1.04% of average loans, for the same period in 2015.  The
increase reflects the impact of four large commercial loan charge-offs recorded
in the third quarter of 2016 totaling $22.9 million, of which $18.3 million was
charged against specific reserves established in prior periods.  Refer to the
discussions under  Provision for loan and lease losses  and  Risk Management 
below for an analysis of the allowance for loan and lease losses and
non-performing assets and related ratios.  

The Corporation recorded
non-interest income of $26.1 million for the third quarter of 2016, compared to
$18.8 million for the same period in 2015.  The increase was primarily related
to the $6.1 million gain on the sales of U.S. agency MBS recorded in the third
quarter of 2016 and increases of $1.2 million and $0.7 million in revenues from
the mortgage banking business and income from service charges on deposit
accounts, respectively.      

Non-interest expenses decreased by $5.0 million to $88.3 million
for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  The
decrease was primarily related to: (i) a $1.7 million decrease in losses on
other real estate owned ( OREO ) operations primarily due to lower required
write downs to the value of OREO properties, (ii) a $1.4 million decrease in
occupancy and equipment costs reflecting reductions in depreciation and repairs
expenses, (iii) a $1.0 million decrease in the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance premium expense primarily due to the reduction
in the initial base assessment rate, which became effective on July 1, 2016, as
well as reductions in brokered deposits and average assets, and (iv) a $0.9
million decrease in business promotion expenses, primarily related to reduced
advertising and marketing activities. Refer to  Non-Interest Expenses  below
for additional information.  

For the third quarter of 2016, the
Corporation recorded an income tax expense of $10.4 million, compared to $4.5
million for the same period in 2015.  The Corporation s effective tax rate for
the first nine months of 2016 was 25% (24% excluding entities from which a tax
benefit cannot be recognized), which approximates the expected effective tax
rate for the year, compared to 30% (17% excluding entities from which a tax
benefit cannot be recognized) for the first nine months of 2015.       

78             

As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had a net
deferred tax asset of $290.9 million (net of a valuation allowance of $201.7
million).  Refer to  Income Taxes  below
for additional information.   

As of September 30, 2016, total
assets were $12.1 billion, a decrease of $497.8 million from December 31,
2015.  The decrease primarily reflects a $223.5 million reduction in cash and
cash equivalents, associated with liquidity used to repay maturing brokered
CDs, repurchase agreements and FHLB advances, and a $227.8 million decrease in
total loans, including a $104.2 million reduction in commercial and construction
loans and a $99.8 million decrease in consumer loans. The decrease in
commercial and construction loans was mainly driven by the repayment of several
large commercial loans in the first nine months of 2016, including repayments
totaling $145.3 million associated with six commercial relationships, the sale
of a $20.2 million commercial loan participation, and the four large
charge-offs totaling $22.9 million noted above, partially offset by new loan
originations. In addition, total investment securities decreased by $51.3
million, driven by the aforementioned sales of $198.7 million of U.S. agency
MBS, the maturity or call prior to scheduled maturities of $87.4 million of
U.S. agency debt securities and prepayments of $177.4 million of U.S. agency
MBS, partially offset by purchases of approximately $405 million of debt
securities and MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. agencies.  Refer to  Financial
Condition and Operating Data  below for additional information.  

As of September 30, 2016, total liabilities were $10.3
billion, a decrease of $603.5 million, from December 31, 2015.  The decrease
was mainly due to a $539.0 million decrease in brokered CDs, repayments at
maturity of a $100 million repurchase agreement and a $100 million FHLB
advance, a $10 million decrease in junior subordinated debentures associated
with the repurchase and cancellation of certain trust preferred securities, and
the payment of interest on trust preferred securities deferred and accrued
since March 2012.  As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation is current on all
interest payments due related to its subordinated debt.  These reductions were
partially offset by a $135.0 million increase in deposits, excluding government
deposits and brokered CDs, primarily reflected in the Puerto Rico region. 
Refer to  Risk Management   Liquidity and Capital Adequacy  below for
additional information about the Corporation s funding sources.        

As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation s stockholders 
equity was $1.8 billion,   an increase of $105.8 million from
December 31, 2015.  The increase was mainly driven by the net income of $69.4
million for the first nine months of 2016 and an increase of approximately
$31.5 million in the fair value of available-for-sale securities recorded as
part of other comprehensive income.      

The
Corporation s Total Capital, Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and
Leverage ratios calculated under the Basel III rules were 21.27%, 17.64%,
17.64%, and 13.04%, respectively, as of   September   
30, 2016, compared to Total Capital, Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1
Capital and Leverage ratios of 20.01%, 16.92%, 16.92%, and 12.22%,
respectively, as of December 31, 2015.  The Corporation s
tangible common equity ratio increased to 14.27% as of   September   
30, 2016, from 12.84% as of December 31, 2015.  Refer to  Risk Management  
Capital  below for additional information.      

Total loan production,
including purchases, refinancings, renewals and draws from existing revolving
and non-revolving commitments, was $803.6 million for the quarter ended   September   
30, 2016, excluding the utilization activity on outstanding credit cards,
compared to $759.9 million for the same period in 2015.  The increase was
primarily related to a higher volume of commercial loan originations in Florida
and an increase in residential mortgage loan originations in Puerto Rico.        

Total non-performing assets were $744.0 million as of   September    30, 2016, an increase of $134.1
million from December 31, 2015.    The
increase was primarily attributable to the inflow in the first quarter of 2016
of the Corporation s exposure to commercial mortgage loans guaranteed by the
Puerto Rico Tourism Development Fund ( TDF ) with a book value of $112.8
million as of   September    30, 2016, the inflow in the second quarter of
2016 of a $35.0 million commercial relationship in Puerto Rico, and the
placement of bonds of the Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico (the
 GDB ) and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority in non-performing status
in the third quarter of 2016 as these entities had recently defaulted on
interest due on bonds held by the Corporation as part of its available-for-sale
securities portfolio.  As of September 30, 2016, the amortized cost of these
bonds, including accrued interest of $0.9 million, was $35.6 million (net of
$22.2 million in cumulative other-than-temporary impairment charges) and are
recorded on the Corporation s books at their aggregate fair value of $19.5
million. The increase resulting from the inflow of large commercial loans and
investment securities was partially offset by reductions in non-performing
residential, consumer and OREO balances.  Refer to  Risk Management -
Non-accruing and Non-performing Assets  below for additional information.  

Adversely classified commercial and construction loans held for
investment increased by $24.6 million to $546.7 million as of   September    30, 2016 from $522.1 million as of
December 31, 2015, including the migration to adverse classification categories
of the aforementioned $35.0 million non-performing commercial relationship in
Puerto Rico.    

79             

Critical
Accounting Policies and Practices    

The
accounting principles of the Corporation and the methods of applying these
principles conform to GAAP.  The Corporation s critical accounting policies
relate to: 1) the allowance for loan and lease losses;
2) other-than-temporary impairments; 3) income taxes; 4) the
classification and values of financial instruments; 5) income recognition
on loans; 6) loans acquired; and 7) loans held for sale.  These critical accounting
policies involve judgments, estimates and assumptions made by management that
affect the amounts recorded for assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from
estimates, if different assumptions or conditions prevail. Certain
determinations inherently require greater reliance on the use of estimates,
assumptions, and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing
results that could be materially different than those originally reported.   

The
Corporation s critical accounting policies are described in Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included
in First BanCorp. s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have not been any
material changes in the Corporation s critical accounting policies since
December 31, 2015.    

During the
second quarter of 2016, the Corporation reviewed its historical accounting
treatment as loans of its $156.2 million of financing arrangements with Puerto
Rico municipalities issued in bond form, but underwritten as loans with
features that are typically found in commercial loan transactions. This review
came as a result of the determination of the Federal Reserve Board that the
transactions must be treated for regulatory reporting purposes as investment
securities.  The Puerto Rico Municipal Finance Act (the  Act ) requires the
designation of financing arrangements obtained by municipalities with
maturities greater than 8 years as  special obligation bonds  subject to
specific provisions under the Act.  The Corporation concluded that the impact
of accounting for the transactions as investment securities rather than loans
does not have a material effect on previously reported results of operations,
financial condition, or cash flows and, accordingly, these financing
arrangements have been accounted for and reported as held-to-maturity
investment securities and not as loans since the second quarter of 2016.    

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

Net Interest Income     

Net interest income is the excess of interest earned by First
BanCorp. on its interest-earning assets over the interest incurred on its
interest-bearing liabilities. First BanCorp. s net interest income is subject
to interest rate risk due to the repricing and maturity mismatch of the
Corporation s assets and liabilities. Net interest income for the quarter and
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $118.2 million and $363.1
million, respectively, compared to $124.9 million and $377.1 million for
the comparable periods in 2015, respectively. On a tax-equivalent basis, and
excluding the changes in the fair value of derivative instruments, net interest
income for the quarter and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was
$120.7 million and $373.8 million, respectively, compared to $129.1 million and
$389.9 million for the comparable periods in 2015, respectively.   

The
following tables include a detailed analysis of net interest income.
Part I presents average volumes and rates on an adjusted tax-equivalent
basis and Part II presents, also on an adjusted tax-equivalent basis, the
extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of
interest-related assets and liabilities have affected the Corporation s net
interest income. For each category of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable
to (i) changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior period
rates), and (ii) changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior
period volumes). Rate-volume variances (changes in rate multiplied by changes
in volume) have been allocated to the changes in volume and rate based upon
their respective percentage of the combined totals.   

The
net interest income is computed on an adjusted tax-equivalent basis and
excluding the change in the fair value of derivative instruments. For a
definition and reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure, refer to the
discussions below.   

80             

81             

(1)  

On an adjusted
  tax-equivalent basis.  The adjusted tax-equivalent yield was estimated by
  dividing the interest rate spread on exempt assets by 1 less the Puerto Rico
  statutory tax rate of 39.0% and adding to it the cost of interest-bearing
  liabilities.  The tax-equivalent adjustment recognizes the income tax savings
  when comparing taxable and tax-exempt assets.  Management believes that it is
  a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest income,
  interest rate spread and net interest margin on a fully tax-equivalent basis.
  Therefore, management believes these measures provide useful information to
  investors by allowing them to make peer comparisons. Changes in the fair
  value of derivatives are excluded from interest income and interest expense
  because the changes in valuation do not affect interest paid or received.  

(2)  

Government
  obligations include debt issued by government-sponsored agencies.    

(3)  

Unrealized gains
  and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from the average
  volumes.  

(4)  

Average loan
  balances include the average of non-performing loans.   

(5)  

Interest income on
  loans includes $2.4 million and $2.6 million for the quarters ended September
  30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $7.6 million and $7.8 million for the
  nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of income
  from prepayment penalties and late fees related to the Corporation s loan
  portfolio.    

82             

Portions of the
Corporation s interest-earning assets, mostly investments in obligations of
some U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities, generate interest which
is exempt from income tax, principally in Puerto Rico. Also, interest and gain
on sales of investments held by the Corporation s international banking
entities ( IBEs ) are tax-exempt under the Puerto Rico tax law (refer to
 Income Taxes  below for additional information). To facilitate the comparison
of all interest data related to these assets, the interest income has been
converted to an adjusted taxable equivalent basis. The tax equivalent yield was
estimated by dividing the interest rate spread on exempt assets by 1 less the
Puerto Rico statutory tax rate as adjusted for changes to enacted tax rates
(39.0%) and adding to it the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The
computation considers the interest expense disallowance required by Puerto Rico
tax law.    

The presentation of net interest income
excluding the effects of the changes in the fair value of the derivative
instruments ( valuations ) provides additional information about the
Corporation s net interest income and facilitates comparability and analysis.
The changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments have no effect on
interest due or interest earned on interest-bearing liabilities or
interest-earning assets, respectively, or on interest payments exchanged with
interest rate swap counterparties.   

83             

Interest income on interest-earning
assets primarily represents interest earned on loans held for investment and
investment securities.  

Interest expense on interest-bearing
liabilities primarily represents interest paid on brokered CDs, branch-based
deposits, repurchase agreements, advances from the FHLB and junior subordinated
debentures.  

Unrealized gains or losses on derivatives
represent changes in the fair value of derivatives, primarily interest rate
caps used for protection against rising interest rates.   

For the quarter and
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, net interest income decreased $6.8
million to $118.2 million, and $14.0 million to $363.1 million, respectively,
compared to the same periods in 2015. The $6.8 million decrease in net interest
income for the third quarter of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 was
primarily due to:  

A $4.0 million decrease in
interest income on consumer loans and finance leases mainly attributable to the
decrease of $144.2 million in the average balance of this portfolio, primarily
auto loans.  

A $1.0 million decrease in
interest income on residential mortgage loans attributable to lower cash
collections on residential non-performing loans, lower accretion income on PCI
loans and the decrease of $18.0 million in the average balance of this portfolio.  

A $0.5 million decrease in
interest income on commercial and construction loans, reflecting the decline of
$100.4 million in the average balance of these portfolios that resulted in a
decrease of approximately $1.0 million in interest income, partially      

84             

offset by higher yields on variable rate commercial loans
that largely reflected the upward repricing of loans tied to short-term
interest rates.  

A $0.9 million decrease in
interest income on investment securities, primarily reflecting the gradual
reinvestment of MBS prepayments in lower yielding securities given the current
interest rate environment.  

A $0.5 million increase in
interest expense driven by: (i) a $0.5 million increase in interest expense on
FHLB advances primarily attributable to $130.0 million of advances obtained
during the fourth quarter of 2015 with maturities of four years and at an average
cost of 1.64%, (ii) a $0.7 million increase in interest expense on non-brokered
deposits reflecting higher costs on variable money market deposit accounts and
the growth and pricing of new and renewed retail CDs in the current interest
rate environment, and (iii) a $0.1 million increase in interest expense on
repurchase agreements reflecting the upward repricing of the agreements, almost
entirely offset by the effect of the $100 million repurchase agreement that
matured in mid-July 2016 that carried a cost of 2.50%.  These increases were
partially offset by a $0.8 million decrease in the interest expense on brokered
CDs mainly related to the effect of the $610.0 million decrease in the average
balance, which more than offset higher costs due to both higher market interest
rates, and, to a lesser extent, longer terms on new issuances compared to
maturing CDs.    

The
$14.0 million decrease in net interest income for the first nine months of
2016, compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to:  

An $11.5 million decrease in
interest income on consumer loans and finance leases mainly attributable to the
decrease of $148.8 million in the average balance of this portfolio, primarily
auto loans.  

A $2.2 million decrease in
interest income on commercial and construction loans, primarily reflecting a
decline of $184.3 million in the average balance of these portfolios that
resulted in a decrease of approximately $3.0 million in interest income and the
adverse impact of large commercial relationships classified as non-performing
in 2016  . Partially offsetting these variances were
higher prepayments in 2016 that resulted in an increase of $1.5 million in
prepayment penalties and deferred fees amortization and the upward repricing of
variable commercial loans tied to short-term interest rates.  

A $1.4 million increase in
interest expense, primarily reflecting: (i) a $1.6 million increase in interest
expense on FHLB advances primarily attributable to the aforementioned $130.0
million of advances obtained during the fourth quarter of 2015, and (ii) a $1.2
million increase in interest expense on non-brokered deposits attributable to a
$69.9 million increase in the average balance, the higher pricing of new and
renewed retail CDs at current market interest rates, and higher costs on
variable rate money market deposit accounts.  These increases were partially
offset by a $1.5 million decrease in the interest expense on brokered CDs
mainly related to the effect of the $576.1 million decrease in the average
balance that offset higher costs on new issuances.  Over the past 12 months,
the Corporation repaid $1.5 billion of maturing brokered CDs with an all-in
cost of 0.93% and new issuances amounted to $753.4 million with an all-in cost
of 1.16%.    

A $0.3 million decrease in
interest income on investment securities, primarily reflecting the gradual
reinvestment of MBS prepayments in lower yielding securities given the current
interest rate environment.        

Partially
offset by:  

A $1.5 million increase in interest
income on interest-bearing cash balances, due to the increase in fed fund rates
in December 2015 and the $87.0 million increase in the average balance.   

The net interest margin, excluding fair value adjustments, decreased by 13
basis points to 4.06% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period
in 2015, and decreased by 9 basis points to 4.09% for the first nine months of
2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in net interest margin
for both periods was primarily driven by lower yields on investment securities
and higher funding costs as noted above as well as changes in the mix of
earnings assets reflecting higher balances in investment securities and lower
loan balances.      

On an adjusted tax-equivalent basis, net
interest income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $8.5
million to $120.7 million when compared to the same period in 2015 and by $16.1
million to $373.8 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the
same period in 2015. In addition to the facts discussed above, the decrease
also includes reductions of $1.9 million for the quarter and $2.2 million for
the nine-month period in the tax-equivalent adjustment attributable to a lower
volume of tax-exempt assets.    

85             

Provision
for Loan and Lease Losses   

  The provision for loan and lease losses is
charged to earnings to maintain the allowance for loan and lease losses at a
level that the Corporation considers adequate to absorb probable losses inherent
in the portfolio. The adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses is
also based upon a number of additional factors, including trends in charge-offs
and delinquencies, current economic conditions, the fair value of the
underlying collateral and the financial condition of the borrowers, and, as
such, includes amounts based on judgments and estimates made by the
Corporation. Although the Corporation believes that the allowance for loan and
lease losses is adequate, factors beyond the Corporation s control, including
factors affecting the economies of Puerto Rico, especially given the current
economic climate in Puerto Rico, the United States, the U.S. Virgin Islands and
the British Virgin Islands, may contribute to delinquencies and defaults, thus
necessitating additional reserves.  

For the third quarter ended September 30, 2016, the
Corporation recorded a provision for loan and lease losses of $21.5 million
compared to $31.2 million for the same period in 2015. The $9.7 million
decrease in the provision was driven by:     

A $4.9 million decrease in the
provision for consumer loans, primarily auto loans, driven by lower charge-offs
and loss severity rates and the overall decrease in the size of this portfolio.

A $2.4 million decrease in the provision
for residential mortgage loans, reflecting lower delinquency and non-performing
loan levels and the decrease in the size of the portfolio.  

A $2.4 million decrease in the
provision for commercial and construction loans, primarily reflecting a lower
migration of loans to adverse classification categories.  During the third
quarter of 2015, the Corporation classified as impaired its exposure to
commercial mortgage loans guaranteed by the TDF and increased the associated
specific reserves. As noted below, the Corporation recorded in the third
quarter of 2016 charge-offs of $13.7 million associated with two of the three
facilities guaranteed by the TDF, of which $12.8 million was charged against
specific reserves established in prior periods.  

For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016,
the Corporation recorded a provision for loan and lease losses of $  63.5
million compared to $138.4 million for the same period in 2015. The provision
for the first nine months of 2015 included a charge of $46.9 million associated
with a bulk sale of assets.    

On June 5, 2015, the Corporation completed the bulk
sale of commercial and construction loans with a book value of $147.5 million
(principal balance of $196.5 million), comprised mostly of non-performing and
adversely classified loans, as well as OREO with a book value of $2.9 million
in a cash transaction.  The sale price of this bulk sale was $87.3 million.
Approximately $15.3 million of reserves had been allocated to the loans.  This
transaction resulted in total charge-offs of $61.4 million and an incremental
pre-tax loss of $48.7 million, including $0.9 million in professional service
fees directly attributable to this bulk sale.    

Excluding the impact of the bulk sale of assets in
2015, the provision of $63.5 million for the first nine months of 2016
decreased by $28.0 million compared to the provision of $91.5 million for the
same period in 2015.  The $28.0 million decrease in the provision, as compared
to the 2015 adjusted provision, was driven by:     

A $16.2 million decrease in the
provision for commercial and construction loans primarily due to the impact in
2015 of a $15.5 million charge to the adjusted provision as a result of the
incorporation of the $61.4 million of net charge-offs from the bulk sale in the
historical loss rates used to estimate the general reserve for commercial loans
collectively evaluated for impairment and lower migration of loans to adversely
classified categories as noted above, partially offset by a $1.6 million
decrease in loan loss recoveries in Florida.  

An $11.6 million decrease in the
provision for consumer loans, primarily reflecting lower levels of charge-offs,
declining loss severity rates on auto loans and the overall decrease in the
size of these portfolios.  Consumer loans net charge-offs decreased by $6.9
million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.   

Refer to  Credit
Risk Management  below for an analysis of the allowance for loan and lease
losses, non-performing assets, impaired loans and related information, and
refer to  Financial Condition and Operating Analysis   Loan Portfolio  and
 Risk Management   Credit Risk Management  below for additional information
concerning the Corporation s loan portfolio exposure in the geographic areas
where the Corporation does business.  

86             

Non-interest income primarily consists of
income from service charges on deposit accounts; commissions derived from
various banking, securities and insurance activities; gains and losses on
mortgage banking activities; interchange and other fees related to debit and
credit cards; and net gains and losses on investments and impairments.  

Service charges on deposit accounts
include monthly fees, overdraft fees and other fees on deposit accounts as well
as corporate cash management fees.  

Income from mortgage banking activities
includes gain on sales and securitization of loans, revenues earned for administering
residential mortgage loans originated by the Corporation and subsequently sold
with servicing retained, and unrealized gains and losses on forward contracts
used to hedge the Corporation s securitization pipeline. In addition,
lower-of-cost-or-market valuation adjustments to the Corporation s residential
mortgage loans held for sale portfolio and servicing rights portfolio, if any,
are recorded as part of mortgage banking activities.  

Insurance income consists of insurance
commissions earned by the Corporation s subsidiary, FirstBank Insurance Agency,
Inc.  

The other operating
income category is composed of miscellaneous fees such as debit, credit card
and point of sale (POS) interchange fees, as well as contractual shared
revenues from merchant contracts sold in the fourth quarter of 2015  .   

The net gain (loss) on investment
securities reflects gains or losses as a result of sales that are consistent
with the Corporation s investment policies as well as OTTI charges on the
Corporation s investment portfolio.  

The gain on early extinguishment of debt is related to
the repurchase and cancellation in the first quarter of 2016 of $10 million in
trust preferred securities of the FBP Statutory Trust II that were auctioned in
a public sale at which the Corporation was invited to participate. The
Corporation repurchased and cancelled the repurchased trust preferred
securities, resulting in a commensurate reduction in the related Floating Rate
Junior Subordinated Debentures.  The Corporation s winning bid equated to 70%
of the $10 million par value.  The 30% discount, plus accrued interest,
resulted in a gain of $4.2 million, which is reflected in the statement of
income as a  Gain on early extinguishment of debt.   As of September 30, 2016,
the Corporation still has Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures
( subordinated debt ) outstanding in the aggregate amount of $216.2 million.  

The bargain purchase gain is related to assets
acquired and deposits assumed from Doral Bank in the first quarter of 2015. 
On February 27, 2015, FirstBank acquired 10 Puerto Rico branches of Doral Bank,
assumed $522.7 million in deposits related to such branches, acquired
approximately $324.8 million in principal balance of loans, primarily
residential mortgage loans, acquired $5.5 million of property, plant and
equipment and received $217.7 million of cash, through an alliance with Banco
Popular of Puerto Rico ( Popular ), who was the successful lead bidder with the
FDIC on the failed Doral Bank, as well as other co-bidders.  Under the
FDIC s bidding format, Popular was the lead bidder and party to the purchase
and assumption agreement with the FDIC covering all assets and deposits to be
acquired by Popular and its alliance co-bidders. Popular entered into back to back
purchase assumption agreements with the alliance co-bidders, including
FirstBank, for the transferred assets and deposits. There is no loss-share
arrangement with the FDIC related to the acquired assets, meaning that
FirstBank assumed all losses with respect to such assets, with no financial
assistance from the FDIC. The gain of $13.4 million represents the excess of
the estimated fair value of the assets acquired (including cash payments of
$217.7 million received from the FDIC) over the estimated fair value of the
liabilities assumed.   

87             

Non-interest income for the third quarter of 2016 amounted to $26.1
million, compared to $18.8 million for the third quarter of 2015.  The increase
in non-interest income of $7.4 million was primarily due to the following:  

A $6.1 million gain on sales of
U.S. agency MBS totaling $198.7 million that carried an average yield of 2.36%.  

A $1.2 million increase in
revenues from the mortgage banking business, driven by a $0.9 million increase
in gain on sales of residential mortgage loans in the secondary market, mainly
associated with a higher volume of sales and a $0.3 million increase related to
lower losses on to-be-announced ( TBAs ) MBS forward contracts.  Loans sold in the secondary market to U.S.
government-sponsored entities amounted to $127.9 million with a related gain of
$4.6 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared to $117.0 million with a
related gain of $3.7 million in the comparable period of 2015.  

A $0.7 million increase in income
from service charges on deposit accounts primarily reflecting the
implementation in November 2015 of new service and transactional fees on
certain products and higher corporate cash management fees.  

The impact in the third quarter of
2015 of a $0.2 million OTTI charge on private label MBS.    

Partially offset by:  

A $1.0 million decrease in  other
operating income  in the table above, reflecting a $1.5 million decrease in
fees from merchant transactions due to the sale of merchant contracts completed
in the fourth quarter of 2015 (a reduction of approximately $1.1 million in
processing costs, depreciation and other expenses related to the sale of
merchant contracts was reflected in non-interest expenses), partially offset by
increases in debit card and ATM fees.      

Non-interest income for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $64.4 million, compared
to $58.2 million for the same period in 2015.  The $6.2 million increase in
non-interest income was primarily due to:  

A $6.8 million decrease in OTTI
charges on debt securities.  During the first half of 2016, the Corporation
recorded OTTI charges of $6.3 million on three Puerto Rico Government debt
securities held by the Corporation as part of its available-for-sale securities
portfolio, specifically bonds of GDB and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings
Authority.  This was the third OTTI charge on these securities recorded since
June 30, 2015, as OTTI charges of $12.9 million and $3.0 million were booked in
the second and fourth quarters of 2015, respectively. Refer to Note 4   of the Corporation s unaudited consolidated
financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 for additional
information   about the determination of this charge. As noted above,
these bonds were placed in non-performing status in the third quarter of 2016
as these entities had recently defaulted on interest due on bonds held by the
Corporation.  

The $6.1 million gain on sales of
U.S. agency MBS completed in the third quarter of 2016.  

The $4.2 million gain recorded in
the first quarter of 2016 on the repurchase and cancellation of $10 million in
trust preferred securities.  

A $2.4 million increase in service
charges on deposits, primarily associated with the full period impact of
deposits assumed from Doral Bank late in February 2015, as well as the
aforementioned implementation of new service and transactional fees on certain
products in November 2015.  

A $2.5 million increase in
revenues from the mortgage banking business, driven by a $3.1 million increase
in gain on sales of residential mortgage loans in the secondary market
associated with both a higher volume of sales and market expectations of lower
long-term interest rates that resulted in higher gain margins, partially offset
by a $1.0 million increase in losses on TBAs MBS forward contracts.  Loans sold in the secondary market to U.S.
government-sponsored entities amounted to $347.1 million with a related gain of
$13.2 million in the first nine months of 2016, compared to $323.5 million with
a related gain of $10.1 million in the comparable period of 2015. In addition, loan servicing fees increased by $0.3
million commensurate with the increase in the servicing portfolio.  

A $0.4 million increase in
insurance commission income.  

88             

Partially offset by:  

The impact in 2015 of the $13.4
million bargain purchase gain on assets acquired and deposits assumed from
Doral.  

A $2.6 million decrease in  other
operating income  in the table above, reflecting a $5.3 million decrease in
fees from merchant transactions due to the sale of merchant contracts completed
in the fourth quarter of 2015 (a reduction of approximately $3.3 million in
processing costs, depreciation and other expenses related to the sale of
merchant contracts was reflected in non-interest expenses).  The decrease in
fees from merchant contracts was partially offset by the impact in 2015 of a
$0.6 million loss on the sale of a commercial mortgage loan held for sale
included in the bulk sale of assets, a $0.6 million gain on the sale of fixed
assets recorded in the second quarter of 2016, a $0.4 million fee income
recorded in the first quarter of 2016 related to a terminated credit agreement
in which the Bank was committed to purchase a loan participation and higher
debit cards and ATM fee income.  

Non-interest expenses decreased by $5.0 million to
$88.3 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $93.3 million for the
third quarter of 2015. The decrease of $5.0 million in non-interest expenses
was principally attributable to:  

A $1.7 million decrease in losses
on OREO operations, primarily reflecting a $2.2 million decrease in write downs
to the value of OREO properties, partially offset by a $0.5 million increase in
OREO-related expenses such as repairs and property taxes.  

A $1.4 million decrease in
occupancy and equipment costs reflecting reductions in depreciation and repairs
expenses, including a reduction of approximately $0.4 million related to the
depreciation of POS terminals sold as part of the sale of merchant contracts in
the fourth quarter of 2015.  

A $1.0 million decrease in the
FDIC insurance premium expense, included as part of  Insurance and supervisory
fees  in the table above, primarily due to the reduction in the initial base
assessment rate as well as reductions in brokered deposits and average assets.
In March 2016, the FDIC adopted a final rule ( Final Rule ) imposing a
quarterly deposit insurance assessment surcharge on banks with at least $10
billion in assets of 4.5 cents per $100 of their assessment base, after making
certain adjustments once the Deposit
Insurance Fund Reserve Ratio reaches or exceeds 1.15 percent. For purposes of
this surcharge, the first $10 billion of assets are subtracted from the regular
insurance assessment base to determine the surcharge base. The assessment
surcharge became effective on July 1, 2016, is assessed as of the third quarter
of 2016, and applies to FirstBank. The Bank s current surcharge base is
slightly higher than the $10 billion threshold. The surcharge assessments will
continue through December 31, 2018 or until the Deposit Insurance Fund Reserve
Ratio reaches or exceeds 1.35 percent. In addition, under existing regulations,
the FDIC reduced the initial base assessment rate, which reduces the standard
risk-based assessment rate. This resulted in a decrease in the total FDIC
insurance premium expense (standard risk-based assessment plus assessment
surcharge expense) of approximately $0.8 million in the third quarter of 2016,
as the benefit of      

89             

the reduction in the initial base
assessment rate exceeded the surcharge amount. In addition, under the Final
Rule, if the Deposit Insurance Fund Reserve Ratio does not reach 1.35 percent
by December 31, 2018, a shortfall assessment may be assessed on large banks in
the first quarter of 2019 and collected by the FDIC on June 30, 2019.  

A $0.9 million decrease in business
promotion expenses, primarily related to reduced advertising and marketing
activities.  

A $0.7 million decrease in
processing expenses, mainly due to the sale of merchant contracts in the fourth
quarter of 2015.  

A $0.5 million decrease in
communication expenses, including reductions in postage and telephone expenses.  

A $0.3 million decrease in other
operating expenses, including reductions of $0.7 million in supplies and
printing costs, $0.3 million in losses and expenses related to non-real estate
repossessed assets, and $0.1 million in the amortization of intangible assets.
These variances were partially offset by a $0.9 million increase in charges to
the provision for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit, primarily
related to a higher unused balance on an adversely classified floor plan
revolving credit facility.  

Partially offset by:  

A $0.9 million increase in taxes,
other than income taxes, primarily due to the 4% sales tax on designated
professional services effective in Puerto Rico since October 1, 2015.  

A $0.7 million increase in
employees  compensation, including $0.3 million related to severance payments
on job discontinuance recorded in the third quarter of 2016 and a $0.3 million
increase in stock-based compensation.        

Non-interest expenses decreased by $17.0 million to
$270.8 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $287.8 million for
the same period in 2015. Non-interest
expenses include for the first nine months of 2016 the aforementioned severance
payments on job discontinuance of $0.3 million and for the first nine months of
2015 costs of $4.6 million related to the conversion of loan and deposit
accounts acquired from Doral to the FirstBank systems, which was completed in
the second quarter of 2015, and $1.2 million of expenses and losses associated
with the bulk sale of assets.  Excluding the aforementioned items, adjusted
non-interest expenses of $270.6 million for the first nine months of 2016
decreased by $11.4 million compared to adjusted non-interest expenses of $282.0
million for the same period in 2015.  The decrease of $11.4 million in adjusted
non-interest expenses was principally attributable to:  

A $7.5 million decrease in
professional service fees, as compared to the 2015 adjusted professional service
fees, primarily reflecting the impact in 2015 of interim servicing costs of
$3.6 million related to loans and deposits acquired from Doral Bank and $1.3
million of professional service fees incurred with respect to special projects
and strategic, stress testing and capital planning matters. In addition,
collections, appraisals and other credit-related professional service fees
related to troubled loan resolution efforts decreased by $1.9 million.  

A $3.4 million decrease in
occupancy and equipment costs, reflecting reductions in depreciation,
electricity and repairs expenses, including a reduction of approximately $1.2
million related to the depreciation of POS terminals sold as part of the sale
of merchant contracts in the fourth quarter of 2015.  

A $2.1 million decrease in
processing expenses, mainly due to the sale of merchant contracts in the fourth
quarter of 2015.  

A $2.5 million decrease in losses
on OREO operations, as compared to the 2015 adjusted losses on OREO operations,
primarily reflecting a $2.0 million decrease in write downs to the value of
OREO properties and a $0.7 million decrease in OREO-operating expenses,
including lower property taxes, and a $0.7 million increase in rental income
associated with both a higher inventory of income-producing properties and
increased activity.  These decreases were partially offset by the impact in the
first half of 2015 of a $1.2 million gain realized at the time of sale of
certain commercial OREO properties.  

A $0.9 million decrease in other
operating expenses, as compared to the 2015 adjusted other operating expenses,
including reductions of $1.8 million in supplies and printing costs, $0.2
million in losses and expenses related to non-real estate repossessed assets,
and $0.1 million in the amortization of intangible assets. These variances were
partially offset by a $1.3 million increase in charges to the provision for
unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit, primarily related to a higher
unused balance on an adversely classified floor plan revolving credit facility.  

Partially offset by:  

90             

A $2.8 million increase in
adjusted employees  compensation, mainly due to merit salary increases, the
full period impact of personnel costs associated with branches acquired from
Doral Bank in February 2015, and higher stock-based compensation, partially
offset by decreases in incentive-based compensation.  

A $2.3 million increase in taxes,
other than income taxes, mainly related to the increase in the sales tax rate
from 7% to 11.5% effective since July 1, 2015 and the 4% sales tax on
designated professional services effective since October 1, 2015.                

Income Taxes    

Income tax expense
includes Puerto Rico and USVI income taxes as well as applicable U.S. federal
and state taxes. The Corporation is subject to Puerto Rico income tax on its
income from all sources. As a Puerto Rico corporation, First BanCorp. is
treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. and USVI income tax purposes and is
generally subject to U.S. and USVI income tax only on its income from sources
within the U.S. and USVI or income effectively connected with the conduct of a
trade or business in those regions. Any such tax paid in the U.S. and USVI is
also creditable against the Corporation s Puerto Rico tax liability, subject to
certain conditions and limitations.    

Under the Puerto Rico Internal Revenue
Code of 2011, as amended (the  2011 PR Code ), the Corporation and its
subsidiaries are treated as separate taxable entities and are not entitled to
file consolidated tax returns and, thus, the Corporation is not able to utilize
losses from one subsidiary to offset gains in another subsidiary. Accordingly,
in order to obtain a tax benefit from a net operating loss ( NOL ), a
particular subsidiary must be able to demonstrate sufficient taxable income
within the applicable NOL carry forward period. The 2011 PR Code provides a
dividend received deduction of 100% on dividends received from  controlled 
subsidiaries subject to taxation in Puerto Rico and 85% on dividends received
from other taxable domestic corporations.   

The Corporation has maintained an
effective tax rate lower than the maximum statutory rate in Puerto Rico mainly
by investing in government obligations and mortgage-backed securities exempt
from U.S. and Puerto Rico income taxes and by doing business through an
International Banking Entity ( IBE ) unit of the Bank, and through the Bank s
subsidiary, FirstBank Overseas Corporation, whose interest income and gain on
sales is exempt from Puerto Rico income taxation. The IBE and FirstBank
Overseas Corporation were created under the International Banking Entity Act of
Puerto Rico, which provides for total Puerto Rico tax exemption on net income
derived by IBEs operating in Puerto Rico on the specific activities identified
in the IBE Act.  An IBE that operates as a unit of a bank pays income taxes at
the corporate standard rates to the extent that the IBE s net income exceeds
20% of the bank s total net taxable income.   

As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation s
deferred tax assets, net of a valuation allowance of $201.7 million, amounted
to $290.9 million and management concluded, based upon the assessment of all
positive and negative evidence, that it is more likely than not that the
Corporation will generate sufficient taxable income within the applicable NOL
carry-forward periods to realize such amount.   

The Corporation recorded an income tax
expense of $10.4 million and $23.7 million in the third quarter and the first
nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to an income tax expense of $4.5
million and $2.7 million, for the same periods in 2015. The change in income
tax expense in the third quarter of 2016, when compared to the third quarter of
2015, is mainly driven by higher taxable income. For the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation calculated the provision for income
taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate for the full fiscal
year to ordinary income or loss.  In the computation of the consolidated
worldwide estimated annual effective tax rate, ASC 740-270 requires the
exclusion of legal entities with pre-tax losses from which a tax benefit cannot
be recognized. The consolidated worldwide estimated annual effective tax rate,
excluding entities with pre-tax losses from which a tax benefit cannot be
recognized, was 24% for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016,
compared to 17% for the same period in 2015. The increase in the estimated
effective tax rate for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, when
compared to the same period in 2015, reflects the impact in 2015 of a release
in the valuation allowance resulting from the bargain purchase gain, which
generated a deferred tax liability. As required by ASC 740-270, changes in the
valuation allowance related to the current year are included in the computation
of the estimated effective tax rate for the year. The effective tax rate
including all entities for the first nine months of 2016 was 25%, compared to
30% for the same period in 2015.   

91             

FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND OPERATING DATA ANALYSIS    

Assets    

The Corporation s total assets were
$12.1 billion as of September 30, 2016, a decrease of $497.8 million when
compared to $12.6 million as of December 31, 2015. The decrease was mainly due
to (i) a $223.5 million reduction in cash and cash equivalents, associated with
liquidity used to repay maturing brokered CDs, repurchase agreements and FHLB
advances, (ii) a $227.8 million decrease in total loans before allowance,
including a $104.2 million reduction in commercial and construction loans and a
$99.8 million decrease in consumer loans, and (iii) a $51.3 million decrease in
investment securities, mainly driven by sales and prepayments of U.S. agencies
MBS as further discussed below.   

92             

As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation s
total loans held for investment, before allowance, amounted to $8.9 billion,
down $227.8 million when compared to December 31, 2015. The decline primarily
reflects a $104.2 million decrease in the commercial and construction loan
portfolio, a $99.8 million decrease in consumer and finance leases, and a $23.8
million decrease in the residential mortgage loans portfolio. The decrease in
the commercial and construction loan portfolio was mainly driven by the repayment
of large commercial loans during the first nine months of 2016, including
repayments totaling     $145.3 million associated
with six commercial relationships, the sale of a $20.2 million commercial loan
participation, and the four large charge-offs totaling $22.9 million noted
above, partially offset by new loan originations.  Most of the decrease was in
the Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands regions, partially offset by the growth of all
portfolios in the Florida region.           

As shown in the table
above, as of September 30, 2016, the loans held for investment portfolio was
comprised of commercial loans (43%), residential real estate loans (37%), and
consumer and finance leases (20%). Of the total gross loan portfolio held for
investment of $8.9 billion as of September 30, 2016, approximately 78% has
credit risk concentration in Puerto Rico, 15% in the United States (mainly in
the state of Florida) and 7% in the Virgin Islands, as shown in the following
table:   

93             

Residential Real Estate Loans    

As of
September 30, 2016, the Corporation s residential real estate loan portfolio
held for investment decreased by $44.8 million as compared to the balance as of
December 31, 2015, mainly resulting from activities in Puerto Rico as principal
repayments and charge-offs exceeded the volume of new loans originated and held
for investment purposes. The residential mortgage loan portfolio held for
investment in the Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands regions decreased during the
first nine months of 2016 by $70.3 million and $8.1 million, respectively,
partially offset by an increase of $33.6 million in Florida.    

The majority of
the Corporation s outstanding balance of residential mortgage loans consists of
fixed-rate, fully amortizing, full documentation loans. In accordance with the
Corporation s underwriting guidelines, residential real estate loans are mostly
fully documented loans, and the Corporation does not generally originate
negative amortization loans.  Refer to  Contractual Obligations and
Commitments  below for additional information about outstanding commitments to
sell mortgage loans.   

Commercial and Construction Loans    

As of September 30, 2016, the
Corporation s commercial and construction loan portfolio held for investment
decreased by $104.2 million to $3.8 billion, as compared to the balance as of
December 31, 2015. The reduction primarily reflects the aforementioned repayments
of six large commercial relationships totaling $145.3 million comprised of a
$34.3 million commercial credit facility in Puerto Rico, a $60.0 million credit
facility of a government-related entity in the Virgin Islands, and four
commercial relationships in Florida totaling $51.0 million. Furthermore, the
decrease also reflects the sale of a $20.2 million commercial loan
participation in the Puerto Rico region and the aforementioned four large
charge-offs totaling $22.9 million recorded in the third quarter of 2016.    

As of September 30, 2016, the
Corporation had $134.0 million outstanding (book value of $126.2 million) in
credit facilities, excluding investment securities, extended to the Puerto Rico
Government, its municipalities and public corporations, compared to $153.2
million outstanding as of December 31, 2015. Approximately $91.4 million of the
granted credit facilities outstanding ($83.7 million book value) consisted of
loans to public corporations, including a direct exposure to the Puerto Rico
Electric Power Authority ( PREPA ) with an outstanding balance of $74.6 million
($66.8 million book value) as of September 30, 2016, and approximately $6.9
million consisted of loans to units of the Puerto Rico central government.  The
PREPA credit facility was placed in non-accrual status in the first quarter of
2015, and interest payments are recorded on a cost-recovery basis. In addition,
the Corporation had $35.7 million of credit facilities extended to
municipalities in Puerto Rico, excluding investment securities, which in most
cases are supported by assigned property tax revenues.  Municipalities 
revenues are independent of the Puerto Rico central government. These
municipalities are required by law to levy special property taxes in such
amounts as are required for the payment of all of their respective general
obligation bonds and loans. Late in 2015, the GDB and the Municipal Revenue
Collection Center (CRIM) signed a deed of trust. Through this deed, the GDB, as
fiduciary, is bound to keep the CRIM funds separate from any other deposits and
must distribute the funds pursuant to applicable law. The CRIM funds are
deposited at another depository financial institution in Puerto Rico. Refer to
 Exposure to Puerto Rico Government  discussion below for information and
details about the Corporation s total direct exposure to the Puerto Rico
Government.   

Furthermore, as of September 30, 2016, the
Corporation had $128.0 million outstanding (book value of $112.8 million) in
financings to the hotel industry in Puerto Rico under which the borrower and
the operations of the underlying collateral are the primary sources of
repayment and the TDF provides a secondary guarantee for payment performance,
compared to $129.4 million outstanding as of December 31, 2015. These
facilities were placed in non-accrual status and classified as impaired in the
first quarter of 2016, and interest payments are now applied against principal.
Approximately $1.6 million of interest payments received on loans guaranteed by
the TDF since late March 2016 have been applied against principal. As of the
date of filing of this Form 10-Q, the largest of these three facilities is
current on contractual payments as its operations are generating the cash flows
to cover payments. The Corporation has been receiving partial payments from the
other two facilities since their operations are insufficient to cover the
entire contractual payments and the Corporation is not receiving collections
from the TDF guarantee.  As such, these two facilities are collateral dependent
loans and charge-offs amounting to $13.7 million were recorded in the third
quarter of 2016, of which $12.8 million was charged against specific reserves
established in prior periods. These loans have been adversely classified since
the third quarter of 2015. The Corporation s collections of principal and
interest from the TDF in the first half of 2016 amounted to $0.6 million
compared to $5.3 million in the entire 2015 year.   

The TDF is a subsidiary of the GDB that
facilitates private sector financings to Puerto Rico s hotel industry. Adverse
developments related to the Puerto Rico government s fiscal situation
introduced additional uncertainty regarding the TDF s ability to honor its
guarantee, including the enactment of the Puerto Rico Emergency Moratorium and
Financial Rehabilitation Act ( Act 21 ), which gives Puerto Rico s governor
emergency powers to deal with Puerto Rico s challenging fiscal situation,
including the ability to declare a moratorium on all bonds and other payments. 
On June 30, 2016, pursuant to Act 21, the Puerto Rico governor ordered a
moratorium on the payment of $780 million of the Puerto Rico Government s
general obligations and the debt of certain other instrumentalities due on July
1, 2016.  This followed a default on the principal payment of $367 million of
GDB notes due on May 1, 2016.  Puerto Rico s governor also issued an executive
order intended to protect the GDB s liquidity by allowing withdrawals only to
fund necessary costs for essential services such as health, public safety and
education services. Recently, the GDB defaulted on a $28       

94             

million
payment of interest due to its creditors on August 1, 2016, including interest
due on GDB bonds held by the Corporation, as further discussed below.     

As of September 30, 2016, the total
reserve to book value coverage ratio related to commercial loans extended to or
guaranteed by the Puerto Rico Government (excluding municipalities) was 16% and
the loans are being carried at 76% of unpaid principal balance, net of reserves
and accumulated charge-offs.   

As of
September 30, 2016, the Corporation s total exposure to shared national credit ( SNC )
loans amounted to $803.2 million, compared to $603.1 million as of December 31,
2015. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $525.2 million of the SNC
exposure is in Puerto Rico, including the $66.8 million book value of the PREPA
credit facility and $72.7 million of the loans guaranteed by the TDF. The
increase is primarily related to participated loans originated in 2016 in both,
Puerto Rico and Florida regions.    

The Corporation has significantly reduced
its exposure to construction loans and current originations are mainly draws
from existing commitments.   

The
  following table presents further information on the Corporation s
  construction portfolio as of and for the nine-month period ended September
  30, 2016:  

(In thousands)  

Total
  undisbursed funds under existing commitments  

$  

50,437  

Construction
  loans held for investment in non-accrual status  

$  

50,767  

Construction
  loans held for sale in non-accrual status  

$  

8,079  

Net charge offs
  - Construction loans   

$  

322  

Allowance for
  loan losses - Construction loans  

$  

5,348  

Non-performing
  construction loans to total construction loans, including held for sale  

44.45%  

Allowance for
  loan losses - construction loans to total construction loans held for
  investment  

4.30%  

Net charge-offs
  (annualized) to total average construction loans  

0.29%  

95             

The following summarizes the
  construction loans for residential housing projects in Puerto Rico segregated
  by the  estimated selling price of the units:  

(In thousands)  

Under
  $300k  

$  

2,956  

Over
  $600k   (1)   

2,121  

$  

5,077  

_____________  

(1)   

One residential
  housing project in Puerto Rico.  

Consumer Loans and Finance Leases    

As of
September 30, 2016, the Corporation s consumer loan and finance lease portfolio
decreased by $99.8 million to $1.7 billion, as compared to the portfolio
balance as of December 31, 2015. The decrease was mainly the result of
charge-offs and repayments that exceeded the volume of new originations.  The
auto loan and finance lease portfolio decreased by $75.8 million during the
first nine months of 2016 reflecting repayments, charge-offs and a reduced
activity in new loan originations. The auto loan and finance lease portfolios
in Puerto Rico amounted to $1.0 billion as of September 30, 2016, compared to
$1.1 billion as of December 31, 2015. The remaining decrease in the consumer
loan portfolio was primarily related to a $13.0 million reduction in the credit
card loan portfolio balance, and a $7.4 million decrease in boat loans.   

Loan Production    

First BanCorp.
relies primarily on its retail network of branches to originate residential and
consumer loans. The Corporation supplements its residential mortgage
originations with wholesale servicing released mortgage loan purchases from
mortgage bankers.  The Corporation manages its construction and commercial loan
originations through centralized units and most of its originations come from
existing customers as well as through referrals and direct solicitations.   

The following table
provides a breakdown on First BanCorp.'s loan production, including purchases,
refinancings, renewals and draws from existing revolving and non-revolving
commitments for the periods indicated:   

The Corporation is experiencing continued loan demand and
has continued its targeted origination strategy. During the third quarter and
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, total loan originations, including
purchases, refinancings, and draws from existing revolving and non-revolving
commitments, amounted to approximately $885.2 million and $2.4 billion,
respectively, compared to $842.1 million and $2.5 billion, respectively, for
the comparable periods in 2015.  These statistics exclude the $324.8 million of
loans acquired from Doral Bank in February 2015.   

Residential
mortgage loan originations and purchases for the quarter and nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $199.1 million and $556.2 million,
respectively, compared to $179.2 million and $529.3 million, respectively, for
the comparable periods in 2015. These statistics include purchases of $23.2
million and $65.2 million for the quarter and nine-month period ended September
30, 2016 compared to $22.2 million and $68.2 million for the comparable periods
in 2015. The increase of $19.9 million in the third quarter of 2016, as compared
to the same period of 2015, reflects an increase of approximately $23.5 million
in the Puerto Rico region, partially offset by decreases of $3.1 million in
Florida and $0.5 million in the Virgin Islands.   

Commercial and
construction loan originations (excluding government loans) for the third
quarter of 2016 and 2015 amounted to $458.8 million and $394.2 million,
respectively, while the originations for the nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 remained flat at $1.2 billion. The increase in the third
quarter of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, includes increases of
$31.5 million and $26.2 million in Florida and Puerto Rico, respectively.      

96             

Government loan
originations for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015 amounted to $6.8 million
and $46.2 million, respectively, while the originations for the nine-month
period ended on September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $32.5 million and $71.9
million, respectively. The originations in the third quarter of 2016 were
related to draws from an existing facility of a central government agency in
Puerto Rico. The decrease reflects the origination in 2015 of two large
facilities in the Virgin Islands totaling $43.2 million.     

Originations of
auto loans (including finance leases) for the quarter and nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $94.2 million and $262.2 million,
respectively, compared to $90.0 million and $268.6 million, respectively, for
the comparable periods in 2015. The prolonged economic recession in Puerto Rico
continues to put pressure on new auto sales, reflecting lower consumer
confidence as a result of the prolonged economic recession in Puerto Rico.     

Personal loan
originations, other than credit cards, for the quarter and nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $44.7 million and $141.6 million,
respectively, compared to $50.3 million and $140.2 million, respectively, for
the comparable periods in 2015.  The utilization activity on the outstanding
credit card portfolio for the quarter and nine-month period ended September 30,
2016 amounted to approximately $81.6 million and $236.4 million, respectively,
compared to $82.2 million and $245.6 million, respectively, for the comparable
periods in 2015.     

Investment Activities    

As part of its
liquidity, revenue diversification and interest rate risk strategies, First
BanCorp. maintains an investment portfolio that is classified as available for
sale or held to maturity. The Corporation s total available-for-sale investment
securities portfolio as of     September     30, 2016 amounted to $1.8 billion, a
$42.5 million decrease from December 31, 2015. The decrease was mainly driven
by: (i) sales of approximately $198.7 million of U.S. agency MBS that carried
an average yield of 2.36%, (ii) U.S. agencies MBS prepayments of approximately
$177.4 million, and (iii) U.S. agency debt securities matured or called prior
to maturity of $87.4 million.    

These decreases
were partially offset by purchases of approximately $405.1 million of
securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. agencies during the first nine months
of 2016, including: (i)  $130.8 million of U.S. agencies callable debentures,
(ii) $45.8 million of SBA Guarantee Pool certificates, (iii) $19.9 million of
FHLMC guaranteed commercial mortgage-backed securities, (iv) $39.9 million of
collateralized mortgage obligations issued by GNMA, (v) $163.7 million of U.S.
agencies MBS, and (vi) a $5.0 million bond issued by Farmer Mac. In addition,
the fair value of available-for-sale U.S. agency MBS and debt securities increased
by approximately $32.2 million during the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016.    

Approximately 97% of the Corporation s
available-for-sale securities portfolio is invested in U.S. Government and
Agency debentures and U.S. government-sponsored agencies MBS (mainly GNMA, FNMA
and FHLMC fixed-rate securities).   

During the first quarter of 2016, the Corporation
recorded a $6.3 million credit-related OTTI charge on three Puerto Rico
Government debt securities held by the Corporation as part of its
available-for-sale securities portfolio, specifically bonds of the GDB and the
Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority. This was the third OTTI charge on these
securities recorded since June 30, 2015, as OTTI charges of $12.9 million and
$3.0 million were booked in the second and fourth quarters of 2015,
respectively. The GDB and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority bonds held
by the Corporation are scheduled to mature on February 1, 2019 and on July 1,
2028, respectively. Pursuant to the Puerto Rico Emergency Moratorium and
Financial Rehabilitation Act enacted on April 6, 2016, the Puerto Rico governor
issued an executive order imposing a moratorium on the debt service payment
required to be paid by the GDB on May 1, 2016. The GDB paid the scheduled
interest payment of $22 million but defaulted on the principal payment of $367
million of its notes due to other creditors on May 1, 2016 and, on August 1,
2016, the GDB defaulted on a $28 million payment of interest due to its
creditors, including interest due on GDB bonds held by the Corporation.
Similarly, the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority made only a partial
payment on its interest payment due on October 1, 2016.     

In the
third quarter of 2016, as a result of the recent defaults, the Corporation
discontinued income recognition related to, and placed in non-performing
status, the bonds of the GDB and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority
held as part of the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. As of
September 30, 2016, the amortized cost of these bonds, including accrued
interest of $0.9 million, was $35.6 million, recorded on the Corporation s
books at their aggregate fair value of $19.5 million.   

In addition to
bonds of the GDB and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority, the
Corporation owns bonds of the Puerto Rico Housing Finance Authority in the
aggregate amount of $8.7 million carried on the Corporation s books at their
aggregate fair value of $7.3 million which are current as to contractual
payments as of September 30, 2016.   

As of     September   30,
2016, the Corporation s held-to-maturity investment securities portfolio
amounted to $156.2 million, down $5.3 million from December 31, 2015. This
decrease was driven by principal repayments received during the year.
Held-to-maturity investment securities consist of financing arrangements with
Puerto Rico municipalities issued in bond form, accounted for as securities,
but underwritten as loans with features that are typically found in commercial
loans.  These obligations typically are not       

97             

issued in
bearer form, are not registered with the SEC and are not rated by external
credit agencies. These bonds have seniority to the payment of operating costs
and expenses of the municipality and are supported by assigned property tax
revenues.  Approximately 87% consist of obligations issued by five of the
largest municipalities in Puerto Rico (San Juan, Carolina, Bayamon, Mayaguez
and Guaynabo).  These municipalities are required by law to levy special
property taxes in such amounts as are required for the payment of all of their
respective general obligation bonds and loans.   

Refer to  Exposure to Puerto Rico Government 
discussion below for information and details about the Corporation s total
direct exposure to the Puerto Rico Government.   

98             

99             

Net interest income of future periods
could be affected by prepayments of mortgage-backed securities. Acceleration in
the prepayments of mortgage-backed securities would lower yields on these
securities, as the amortization of premiums paid upon acquisition of these
securities would accelerate. Conversely, acceleration of the prepayments of
mortgage-backed securities would increase yields on securities purchased at a
discount, as the amortization of the discount would accelerate. These risks are
directly linked to future period market interest rate fluctuations. Also, net
interest income in future periods might be affected by the Corporation s
investment in callable securities. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation
had approximately $192.5 million in debt securities (U.S. Agencies and Puerto
Rico government securities) with embedded calls and with an average yield of
1.35%.  Unamortized discounts on these securities amounted to approximately
$0.2 million.  Refer to  Risk Management  below for further analysis of the
effects of changing interest rates on the Corporation s net interest income and
of the interest rate risk management strategies followed by the Corporation.
Also refer to Note 4 to the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements for additional information regarding the Corporation s investment
portfolio.   

RISK MANAGEMENT    

Risks are inherent in virtually all
aspects of the Corporation s business activities and operations. Consequently,
effective risk management is fundamental to the success of the Corporation. The
primary goals of risk management are to ensure that the Corporation s
risk-taking activities are consistent with the Corporation s objectives and
risk tolerance, and that there is an appropriate balance between risk and
reward in order to maximize stockholder value.   

The
Corporation has in place a risk management framework to monitor, evaluate and
manage the principal risks assumed in conducting its activities. First
BanCorp. s business is subject to eleven broad categories of risks: (1)
liquidity risk; (2) interest rate risk; (3) market risk; (4) credit risk; (5)
operational risk; (6) legal and compliance risk; (7) reputational risk; (8)
model risk; (9) capital risk; (10) strategic risk; and (11) information
technology risk.   First BanCorp. has adopted
policies and procedures designed to identify and manage the risks to which the
Corporation is exposed.   

The Corporation s
risk management policies are described below as well as in the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
section of First BanCorp. s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

Liquidity Risk and
Capital Adequacy    

Liquidity is the ongoing ability to accommodate liability
maturities and deposit withdrawals, fund asset growth and business operations,
and meet contractual obligations through unconstrained access to funding at
reasonable market rates. Liquidity management involves forecasting funding
requirements and maintaining sufficient capacity to meet the needs for
liquidity and accommodate fluctuations in asset and liability levels due to
changes in the Corporation s business operations or unanticipated events.    

The Corporation manages liquidity at two levels. The first
is the liquidity of the parent company, which is the holding company that owns
the banking and non-banking subsidiaries. The second is the liquidity of the
banking subsidiary. As of     September   30, 2016, FirstBank could not pay any dividends
to the parent company except upon receipt of prior approval by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York (the  New York FED ) and the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve Board ) because of the written
agreement dated June 3, 2010 (the  Written Agreement ) that the Corporation
entered into with the New York FED and the Federal Reserve Board.  In the
second and third quarters of 2016, after receiving regulatory approvals,
FirstBank paid dividends of $31.2 million and $1.8 million, respectively, to
the Corporation sufficient to allow it to pay all accrued but deferred interest
on the junior subordinated debentures associated with its trust preferred
securities.  It is the intent of the Corporation to request approvals in future
periods to continue regularly scheduled quarterly interest payments.        

The
Asset and Liability Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for
establishing the Corporation s liquidity policy as well as approving operating
and contingency procedures, and monitoring liquidity on an ongoing basis. The
Management Investment and Asset Liability Committee ( MIALCO ), using measures
of liquidity developed by management, which involve the use of several
assumptions, reviews the Corporation s liquidity position on a monthly basis.
The MIALCO oversees liquidity management, interest rate risk and other related
matters.   

The
MIALCO, which reports to the Board of Directors  Asset and Liability Committee,
is composed of senior management officers, including the Chief Executive
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Risk Officer, the Retail
Financial Services Director, the Risk Manager of the Treasury and Investments
Division, the Financial Analysis and Asset/Liability Director and the
Treasurer. The Treasury and Investments Division is responsible for planning
and executing the Corporation s funding activities and strategy, monitoring
liquidity availability on a daily basis and reviewing liquidity measures on a
weekly basis. The Treasury and Investments Accounting and Operations area of
the Comptroller s Department is responsible for calculating the liquidity
measurements used by the Treasury and Investment Division to review the
Corporation s liquidity position on a monthly basis; the Financial Analysis and
Asset/Liability Director estimates the liquidity gap for longer periods.   

100             

In order to ensure adequate liquidity
through the full range of potential operating environments and market
conditions, the Corporation conducts its liquidity management and business
activities in a manner that will preserve and enhance funding stability,
flexibility and diversity. Key components of this operating strategy include a
strong focus on the continued development of customer-based funding, the
maintenance of direct relationships with wholesale market funding providers,
and the maintenance of the ability to liquidate certain assets when, and if,
requirements warrant.   

The
Corporation develops and maintains contingency funding plans. These plans
evaluate the Corporation s liquidity position under various operating
circumstances and are designed to help ensure that the Corporation will be able
to operate through periods of stress when access to normal sources of funds is
constrained. The plans project funding requirements during a potential period
of stress, specify and quantify sources of liquidity, outline actions and
procedures for effectively managing through a difficult period, and define
roles and responsibilities. Under the contingency funding plan, the Corporation
stresses the balance sheet and the liquidity position to critical levels that
imply difficulties in getting new funds or even maintaining the current funding
position of the Corporation and the Bank and are designed to help ensure the
ability of the Corporation and the Bank to honor their respective commitments,
and establish liquidity triggers monitored by the MIALCO in order to maintain
the ordinary funding of the banking business. Four different scenarios are
defined in the contingency funding plan: local market event, credit rating
downgrade, an economic cycle downturn event, and a concentration event. They
are reviewed and approved annually by the Board of Directors  Asset and
Liability Committee.   

The   Corporation
manages its liquidity in a proactive manner, and maintains a sound liquidity
position. Multiple measures are utilized to monitor the Corporation s liquidity
position, including core liquidity, basic liquidity, and time-based reserve
measures. As of     September     30,
2016, the estimated core liquidity reserve (which consists of cash and free
liquid assets) was $1.5 billion or 12.1% of total assets, compared to $1.5
billion or 12.3% of total assets as of December 31, 2015. The basic liquidity
ratio (which adds available secured lines of credit to the core liquidity) was
approximately 20.8% of total assets, compared to 17.4% of total assets as of
December 31, 2015. As of     September     30,
2016, the Corporation had $1.1 billion available for additional credit from the
FHLB of New York. Unpledged liquid securities as of     September     30, 2016, mainly
fixed-rate MBS and U.S. agency debentures, amounted to approximately $774.0
million.     The Corporation does
not rely on uncommitted inter-bank lines of credit (federal funds lines) to
fund its operations and does not include them in the basic liquidity measure.
As of September 30, 2016, the holding company had $35.2 million of cash and
cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents at the Bank level as of September
30, 2016 were approximately $522.1 million. The Bank has $1.6 billion in
brokered CDs as of September 30, 2016, of which approximately $949.3 million
mature over the next twelve months. Liquidity at the Bank level is highly
dependent on bank deposits, which fund 75% of the Bank s assets (or 62%,
excluding brokered CDs).    

Sources
of Funding    

The
Corporation utilizes different sources of funding to help ensure that adequate
levels of liquidity are available when needed. Diversification of funding
sources is of great importance to protect the Corporation s liquidity from
market disruptions. The principal sources of short-term funds are deposits,
including brokered CDs, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and
lines of credit with the FHLB.   

The
Asset Liability Committee of the Board of Directors reviews credit availability
on a regular basis. The Corporation has also sold mortgage loans as a
supplementary source of funding. Long-term funding has also been obtained in
the past through the issuance of notes and long-term brokered CDs. The cost of
these different alternatives, among other things, is taken into consideration.   

The
Corporation has continued reducing the amounts of brokered CDs. As of September
30, 2016, the amount of brokered CDs had decreased $539.0 million to $1.6
billion from brokered CDs of $2.1 billion as of December 31, 2015. At the same
time as the Corporation focuses on reducing its reliance on brokered CDs, it is
seeking to add core deposits. During the first nine months of 2016, the
Corporation increased non-brokered deposits, excluding government deposits, by
$135.0 million to $6.8 billion, primarily reflecting increases in demand
deposits and savings in Puerto Rico.    

The
Corporation continues to have the support of creditors, including
counterparties to repurchase agreements, the FHLB, and other agents such as
wholesale funding brokers. While liquidity is an ongoing challenge for all
financial institutions, management believes that the Corporation s available
borrowing capacity and efforts to grow retail deposits will be adequate to
provide the necessary funding for the Corporation s business plans in the
foreseeable future.   

The Corporation s principal sources of
funding are:   

Brokered
CDs            A large portion of the Corporation s
funding has been brokered CDs issued by FirstBank. Total brokered CDs decreased
during the first nine months of 2016 by $539.0 million to $1.6 billion as of
September 30, 2016.    

The average
remaining term to maturity of the retail brokered CD outstanding as of
September 30, 2016 is approximately 1 year.    

The use of brokered CDs has been
particularly important for the growth of the Corporation. The Corporation
encounters intense competition in attracting and retaining regular retail
deposits in Puerto Rico. The brokered CD market is very competitive and liquid,

101             

and has enabled the Corporation to obtain substantial
amounts of funding in short periods of time. This strategy has enhanced the
Corporation s liquidity position, since brokered CDs are insured by the FDIC up
to regulatory limits and can be obtained faster than regular retail deposits.
During the first nine months of 2016, the Corporation issued $402.5 million in
brokered CDs with an average cost of 1.16% (average life of 2 years).   

Certificates of deposit in denominations
of $100,000 or higher include brokered CDs of $1.6 billion issued to deposit
brokers in the form of large ($100,000 or more) certificates of deposit that
are generally participated out by brokers in shares of less than $100,000 and
are therefore insured by the FDIC.   

Government
deposits        As
of     September   30, 2016, the Corporation had $463.5 million of Puerto
Rico public sector deposits ($391.4 million in transactional accounts and $72.1
million in time deposits) compared to $390.4 million as of December 31, 2015.
Approximately 32% is from municipalities and 68% is from public corporations
and the central government and agencies.   

In addition, as of     September   30,
2016, the Corporation had $161.1 million of government deposits in the Virgin
Islands, compared to $186.9 million as of December 31, 2015.   

Retail deposits            The Corporation s deposit products also
include regular savings accounts, demand deposit accounts, money market accounts
and retail CDs.     Total deposits, excluding
brokered CDs and government deposits, increased by $135.0 million to $6.8
billion from the balance of $6.7 billion as of December 31, 2015. The higher
balance reflects increases of $212.9 million and $6.4 million in Puerto Rico
and the Virgin Islands regions, respectively, primarily increases in demand
deposits and savings. These increases were partially offset by an $84.3 million
decrease in the Florida region. Refer to Note 14 in the accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements for further details.   

Refer to  Net Interest Income  above for
information about average balances of interest-bearing deposits, and the
average interest rate paid on deposits for the quarters and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase -      The
Corporation s investment portfolio is funded in part with repurchase
agreements. The Corporation s outstanding securities sold under repurchase
agreements amounted to $800 million and $900 million as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. During the third quarter of 2016, the
Corporation repaid at maturity a $100 million repurchase agreement that carried
a cost of 2.50%.  One of the Corporation s strategies has been the use of
structured repurchase agreements and long-term repurchase agreements to reduce
liquidity risk and manage exposure to interest rate risk by lengthening the
final maturities of its liabilities while keeping funding costs at reasonable
levels. In addition to these repurchase agreements, the Corporation has been
able to maintain access to credit by using cost-effective sources such as FHLB
advances. Refer to Note 15 in the Corporation s unaudited consolidated
financial statements for the quarter and nine-month period ended September 30,
2016 for further details about repurchase agreements outstanding by
counterparty and maturities.   

As of September 30,
2016, the Corporation had $200 million of reverse repurchase agreements with a
counterparty under a master netting arrangement that provides for a right of
setoff that meets the conditions of ASC 210-20-45-11 for a net presentation.
These repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements are presented net
on the consolidated statement of financial condition.    

In the fourth quarter
of 2016, the Corporation used cash proceeds of $204.8 million from the
aforementioned sales of U.S. agency MBS that carried an average yield at 2.36%
to repay at maturity $300 million of repurchase agreements that carried an
average cost of 3.63%.   

Under the Corporation s repurchase
agreements, as is the case with derivative contracts, the Corporation is
required to pledge cash or qualifying securities to meet margin requirements.
To the extent that the value of securities previously pledged as collateral
declines       

102             

due to changes in interest rates, a
liquidity crisis or any other factor, the Corporation is required to deposit
additional cash or securities to meet its margin requirements, thereby
adversely affecting its liquidity.     

Given the quality of the collateral pledged, the Corporation has not
experienced margin calls from counterparties arising from
credit-quality-related write-downs in valuations.   

    Advances from the
FHLB        The Bank is a
member of the FHLB system and obtains advances to fund its operations under a
collateral agreement with the FHLB that requires the Bank to maintain
qualifying mortgages and/or investments as collateral for advances taken. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance of FHLB
advances was $355.0 and $455.0 million, respectively. During the third quarter
of 2016, the Corporation repaid at maturity a $100 million FHLB advance that
carried a cost of 0.93%.   As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had $1.1
billion available for additional credit on FHLB lines of credit.   

Trust-Preferred
Securities        In 2004, FBP
Statutory Trust I, a statutory trust that is wholly owned by the Corporation
and not consolidated in the Corporation s financial statements, sold to
institutional investors $100 million of its variable rate trust-preferred
securities. The proceeds of the issuance, together with the proceeds of the
purchase by the Corporation of $3.1 million of FBP Statutory Trust I variable
rate common securities, were used by FBP Statutory Trust I to purchase $103.1
million aggregate principal amount of the Corporation s Junior Subordinated
Deferrable Debentures.   

Also
in 2004, FBP Statutory Trust II, a statutory trust that is wholly owned by the
Corporation and not consolidated in the Corporation s financial statements,
sold to institutional investors $125 million of its variable rate
trust-preferred securities. The proceeds of the issuance, together with the
proceeds of the purchase by the Corporation of $3.9 million of FBP Statutory
Trust II variable rate common securities, were used by FBP Statutory Trust II
to purchase $128.9 million aggregate principal amount of the Corporation s
Junior Subordinated Deferrable Debentures.   

The subordinated
debentures are presented in the Corporation s consolidated statement of
financial condition as Other Borrowings. The variable rate trust-preferred
securities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Corporation. The
$100 million Junior Subordinated Deferrable Debentures issued by the
Corporation in April 2004 and the $125 million issued in September 2004 mature
on June 17, 2034 and September 20, 2034, respectively; however, under certain
circumstances, the maturity of the subordinated debentures may be shortened
(such shortening would result in a mandatory redemption of the variable rate
trust-preferred securities). The Collins Amendment of the Dodd-Frank Act
eliminated certain trust-preferred securities from Tier 1 Capital. Bank holding
companies such as the Corporation were required to fully phase out these
instruments from Tier I capital in January 1, 2016; however, they may remain in
Tier 2 capital until the instruments are redeemed or mature.    

As mentioned above,
during the first quarter of 2016, the Corporation completed the repurchase of
trust preferred securities that were being auctioned in a public sale at which
the Corporation was invited to participate. The Corporation repurchased and
cancelled $10 million of trust-preferred securities of FBP Statutory Trust II,
resulting in a commensurate reduction in the related subordinated debenture.
The Corporation s winning bid equated to 70% of the $10 million par value. The
30% discount, plus accrued interest, resulted in a pre-tax gain of
approximately $4.2 million. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation still has
subordinated debentures outstanding in the aggregate amount of $216.2 million.    

In
2016, after receiving regulatory approvals, the Corporation has paid $33.0
million for all the accrued but deferred interest payments plus the interest
for the second quarter and third quarter of 2016 on the Corporation s
subordinated debentures associated with its trust-preferred securities. As of
September 30, 2016, the Corporation is current on all interest payments due
related to its subordinated debt. Under the indentures, we have the right, from
time to time, and without causing an event of default, to defer payments of
interest on the subordinated debentures by extending the interest payment
period at any time and from time to time during the term of the subordinated
debentures for up to twenty consecutive quarterly periods. Future interest
payments are subject to Federal Reserve approval.   It is the intent of the Corporation to request approvals in future
periods to continue regularly scheduled quarterly interest payments.    

The Corporation s
principal uses of funds are for the origination of loans and the repayment of
maturing deposits and borrowings. The ratio of residential real estate loans to
total loans has increased over time. Commensurate with the increase in its
mortgage banking activities, the Corporation has also invested in technology
and personnel to enhance the Corporation s secondary mortgage market
capabilities.    

The
enhanced capabilities improve the Corporation s liquidity profile as they allow
the Corporation to derive liquidity, if needed, from the sale of mortgage loans
in the secondary market. The U.S. (including Puerto Rico) secondary mortgage
market is still highly liquid, in large part because of the sale of mortgages
through guarantee programs of the FHA, VA, HUD, FNMA and FHLMC. During the
first nine months of 2016, the Corporation sold approximately $238.6 million of
FHA/VA mortgage loans to GNMA, which packages them into mortgage-backed
securities. Any regulatory actions affecting GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC could
adversely affect the secondary mortgage market.   

103             

Though currently not in use, other
potential sources of short-term funding for the Corporation include commercial
paper and federal funds purchased. Furthermore, in previous years, the
Corporation entered into several financing transactions to diversify its
funding sources, including the issuance of notes payable and, as noted above,
junior subordinated debentures as part of its longer-term liquidity and capital
management activities. No assurance can be given that these sources of
liquidity will be available in the future and, if available, will be on
comparable terms.    

Impact of Credit Ratings on Access to
Liquidity    

The Corporation s
liquidity is contingent upon its ability to obtain external sources of funding
to finance its operations. The Corporation s current credit ratings and any
downgrade in credit ratings can hinder the Corporation s access to new forms of
external funding and/or cause external funding to be more expensive, which
could in turn adversely affect results of operations. Also, changes in credit
ratings may further affect the fair value of unsecured derivatives that
consider the Corporation s own credit risk as part of the valuation.   

The
Corporation does not have any outstanding debt or derivative agreements that
would be affected by credit downgrades. Furthermore, given our non-reliance on
corporate debt or other instruments directly linked in terms of pricing or
volume to credit ratings, the liquidity of the Corporation so far has not been
affected in any material way by downgrades. The Corporation s ability to access
new non-deposit sources of funding, however, could be adversely affected by
credit downgrades.   

The
Corporation s credit as a long-term issuer is currently rated B+ by S P and
B- by Fitch. At the FirstBank subsidiary level, long-term issuer ratings are
currently B1 by Moody s, six notches below their definition of investment
grade, B+ by S P, four notches below their definition of investment grade,
and B- by Fitch, six notches below their definition of investment grade. The
Corporation s credit ratings are dependent on a number of factors, both
quantitative and qualitative, and are subject to change at any time. The
disclosure of credit ratings is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the
Corporation s securities. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any
other rating.    

Cash Flows    

   Cash and cash equivalents were $528.9
million as of September 30, 2016, a decrease of $223.5 million when compared to
the balance as of December 31, 2015. The following discussion highlights the
major activities and transactions that affected the Corporation s cash flows
during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015.     

    Cash Flows from Operating Activities    

   First
BanCorp. s operating assets and liabilities vary significantly in the normal
course of business due to the amount and timing of cash flows. Management believes
cash flows from operations, available cash balances and the Corporation s ability
to generate cash through short- and long-term borrowings will be sufficient to
fund the Corporation s operating liquidity needs.   

For the first nine
months of 2016 and 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was $119.1
million and $199.1 million, respectively.  Net cash generated from operating
activities was higher than reported net income largely as a result of
adjustments for operating items such as the provision for loan and lease
losses, depreciation and amortization, and impairments as well as the cash
generated from sales of loans held for sale.    

Cash Flows from Investing Activities    

   The
Corporation s investing activities primarily relate to originating loans to be
held for investment and the purchasing, selling and repaying available-for-sale
and held-to-maturity investment securities. For the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, net cash provided by investing activities was $224.2
million, primarily reflecting principal repayments on loans held for investment
and proceeds for the sale of available-for-sale securities and  mortgage-backed
securities prepayments.   

For the first nine
months of 2015, net cash provided by investing activities was $461.6 million,
primarily reflecting the net cash received in the Doral Bank transaction,
proceeds from the bulk sale of assets and repayments of commercial and consumer
loans.   

104             

Cash Flows from Financing Activities    

   The Corporation s financing activities
primarily include the receipt of deposits and the issuance of brokered CDs, the
issuance and payments of long-term debt, the issuance of equity instruments and
activities related to its short-term funding. During the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in financing activities was $566.8
million, mainly due to repayments of maturing brokered CDS, repurchase
agreements, FHLB advances and the cash used for the repurchase and cancellation
of trust preferred securities, partially offset by the increase in non-brokered
deposits.     

   In the first nine months
of 2015, net cash used in financing activities was $495.1 million, mainly due
to the repayments of maturing brokered CDs and funds used in connection with
$200 million of reverse repurchase agreements entered into in April 2015.   

C    apital     

As of     September     30, 2016, the Corporation s
stockholders  equity was $1.8 billion, an increase of $105.8 million from
December 31, 2015.  The increase was mainly driven by the net income of $69.4
million for the first nine months of 2016 and an increase of approximately
$31.5 million in the fair value of available-for-sale securities recorded as
part of other comprehensive income.      As a result of the
Written Agreement with the New York FED, currently neither First BanCorp. nor
FirstBank is permitted to pay dividends on capital securities without prior
approval.   

105             

Although the Corporation and FirstBank
became subject to the Basel III rules beginning on January 1, 2015, certain
requirements of the Basel III rules will be phased in over several years.  The
phase-in period for certain deductions and adjustments to regulatory capital
(such as certain intangible assets and deferred tax assets that arise from net
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards) will be completed on January 1,
2018.  The Corporation and FirstBank compute risk-weighted assets using the
Standardized Approach required by the Basel III rules.    

The Basel III
rules require the Corporation to maintain an additional capital conservation
buffer of 2.5% to avoid limitations on both (i) capital distributions (e.g.,
repurchases of capital instruments or dividend or interest payments on capital
instruments) and (ii) discretionary bonus payments to executive officers and
heads of major business lines. The phase-in of the capital conservation buffer
began on January 1, 2016 with a first year requirement of 0.625% of additional
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ( CET1 ), which will be progressively increased
over a four-year period, increasing by that same percentage amount on each
subsequent January 1 until it reaches the fully phased-in 2.5% CET1 requirement
on January 1, 2019.   

Under the fully
phased-in Basel III rules, in order to be considered adequately capitalized,
the Corporation will be required to maintain: (i) a minimum CET1 capital to
risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 4.5%, plus the 2.5%  capital
conservation buffer,  resulting in a required minimum CET1 ratio of at least
7%, (ii) a minimum ratio of total Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at
least 6.0%, plus the 2.5% capital conservation buffer, resulting in a required
minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%, (iii) a minimum ratio of total Tier 1
plus Tier 2 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0%, plus the 2.5%
capital conservation buffer, resulting in a required minimum total capital
ratio of 10.5%, and (iv) a required minimum leverage ratio of 4%, calculated as
the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average on-balance sheet (non-risk adjusted) assets.

In addition, as
required under Basel III rules, the Corporation s trust-preferred securities
( TRuPs ) were fully phased out from Tier 1 capital on January 1, 2016. 
However, the Corporation s TRuPs may continue to be included in Tier 2 capital
until the instruments are redeemed or mature.   

The Corporation, as an institution with
more than $10 billion but less than $50 billion of total consolidated assets,
is subject to certain requirements established by the Dodd-Frank Act, including
those related to capital stress testing. The Dodd-Frank Act stress testing
requirements are implemented for the Corporation through the Dodd-Frank Act
stress testing requirements that apply to banking organizations with
consolidated assets of more than $10 billion and less than $50 billion.
Consistent with these requirements, the Corporation submitted its second annual
company-run stress test to regulators in July 2016, which were published in
October 2016. The results show that even in a severely adverse economic
environment, which we are not currently in nor do we anticipate being in during
the near future, the Corporation s and the Bank s capital ratios significantly
exceed the well-capitalized thresholds throughout the nine-quarter horizon.   

The tangible common equity ratio and tangible book value per
common share are non-GAAP financial measures generally used by the financial
community to evaluate capital adequacy. Tangible common equity is total equity
less preferred equity, goodwill, core deposit intangibles, purchased credit
card relationship asset and insurance customer relationship intangible asset.
Tangible assets are total assets less goodwill, core deposit intangibles,
purchased credit card relationship and insurance customer relationship
intangible assets.  Refer to  Basis of Presentation  below for additional
information.   

106             

Off -Balance Sheet Arrangements    

In the ordinary
course of business, the Corporation engages in financial transactions that are
not recorded on the balance sheet, or may be recorded on the balance sheet in
amounts that are different from the full contract or notional amount of the
transaction. These transactions are designed to (1) meet the financial
needs of customers, (2) manage the Corporation s credit, market or
liquidity risks, (3) diversify the Corporation s funding sources and
(4) optimize capital.   

As a provider of financial services,
the Corporation routinely enters into commitments with off-balance sheet risk
to meet the financial needs of its customers. These financial instruments may
include loan commitments and standby letters of credit. These commitments are
subject to the same credit policies and approval process used for on-balance
sheet instruments. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of
credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the
statement of financial position. As of September 30, 2016, commitments to
extend credit and commercial and financial standby letters of credit amounted
to approximately $1.1 billion (including $631.5 million pertaining to credit
card loans) and $46.7 million, respectively. Commitments to extend credit are
agreements to lend to customers as long as the conditions established in the
contract are met. Generally, the Corporation does not enter into interest rate
lock agreements with prospective borrowers in connection with mortgage banking
activities.   

107             

108             

The Corporation has
obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts, such as
debt and lease agreements, and under other commitments to sell mortgage loans
at fair value and to extend credit. Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition
established in the contract. Other contractual obligations result mainly from
contracts for the rental and maintenance of equipment. Since certain
commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total
commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. For
most of the commercial lines of credit, the Corporation has the option to
reevaluate the agreement prior to additional disbursements. There have been no
significant or unexpected draws on existing commitments.  In the case of credit
cards and personal lines of credit, the Corporation can cancel the unused
credit facility at any time and without cause.   

Interest Rate Risk Management     

First BanCorp.
manages its asset/liability position in order to limit the effects of changes
in interest rates on net interest income and to maintain stability of
profitability under varying interest rate scenarios. The MIALCO oversees
interest rate risk, and the MIALCO meetings focus on, among other things,
current and expected conditions in world financial markets, competition and
prevailing rates in the local deposit market, liquidity, the loan originations
pipeline, securities market values, recent or proposed changes to the
investment portfolio, alternative funding sources and related costs, hedging
and the possible purchase of derivatives such as swaps and caps, and any tax or
regulatory issues that may be pertinent to these areas. The MIALCO approves
funding decisions in light of the Corporation s overall strategies and
objectives.   

On a quarterly
basis, the Corporation performs a consolidated net interest income simulation
analysis to estimate the potential change in future earnings from projected
changes in interest rates. These simulations are carried out over a
one-to-five-year time horizon, assuming upward and downward yield curve shifts.
The rate scenarios considered in these simulations reflect gradual upward and
downward interest rate movements of 200 basis points, during a
twelve-month period. Simulations are carried out in two ways:   

(1) Using a
static balance sheet, as the Corporation had on the simulation date, and   

(2) Using a
dynamic balance sheet based on recent patterns and current strategies.   

The balance sheet
is divided into groups of assets and liabilities detailed by maturity or
re-pricing structure and their corresponding interest yields and costs. As
interest rates rise or fall, these simulations incorporate expected future
lending rates, current and expected future funding sources and costs, the
possible exercise of options, changes in prepayment rates, deposit decay and
other factors that may be important in projecting net interest income.   

The Corporation
uses a simulation model to project future movements in the Corporation s
balance sheet and income statement. The starting point of the projections
generally corresponds to the actual values on the balance sheet on the date of
the simulations.    

These simulations
are highly complex, and are based on many assumptions that are intended to
reflect the general behavior of the balance sheet components over the period in
question. It is unlikely that actual events will match these assumptions in
most cases. For this reason, the results of these forward-looking computations
are only approximations of the true sensitivity of net interest income to
changes in market interest rates. Several benchmark and market rate curves were
used in the modeling process, primarily the LIBOR/SWAP curve, Prime, U.S.
Treasury, FHLB rates, brokered CD rates, repurchase agreements rates and the
mortgage commitment rate of 30 years.     

The 12-month net
interest income is forecasted assuming the September 30, 2016 interest rate
curves remain constant. Then, net interest income is estimated under rising and
falling rate scenarios.  For rising rate scenarios, a gradual (ramp) parallel
upward shift of the yield curve is assumed during the first twelve months (the
 +200 ramp  scenario). Conversely, for the falling rate scenarios, a gradual
(ramp) parallel downward shift of the yield curve is assumed during the first
twelve months (the  -200 ramp  scenario). However, given the current low levels
of interest rates, a full downward shift of 200 basis points would represent an
unrealistic scenario. Therefore, under the falling rate scenario, rates move
downward up to 200 basis points, but without reaching zero. The resulting
scenario shows interest rates close to zero in most cases, reflecting a
flattening yield curve instead of a parallel downward scenario.     

The Libor/Swap curve for September 2016, as compared to December
2015, reflected a 30 basis points increase in the short-term horizon, between
one to twelve months, while market rates decreased by 38 basis points in the
medium-term, that is, between 2 to 5 years. In the long-term, that is, over a
5-year time horizon, market rates decreased by 72 basis points. The U.S.
Treasury curve in the short-term increased by 2 basis points and in the
medium-term horizon increased by 53 basis points as compared to December 2015
end of month levels. The long-term horizon decreased by 68 basis points as compared
to December 2015 end of month levels.   

109             

The     Corporation
continues to manage its balance sheet structure to control the overall interest
rate risk. As part of the strategy to limit the interest rate risk, the
Corporation has executed certain transactions that affected the simulation results. 
The composition of the loan portfolio has changed as compared to December 2015
end of month levels, primarily reflecting lower commercial and consumer loan
balances, including repayments on six large relationships totaling $145.3
million.  However, non-performing assets increased in the first nine months of
2016 by $134.1 million, primarily attributable to the inflow in the first
quarter of 2016 of the Corporation s exposure to commercial mortgage loans
guaranteed by the TDF with a book value of $112.8 million as of     September 30  , 2016, the inflow in the second quarter of 2016 of a $35.0 million
commercial relationship in Puerto Rico, and the inflow in the third quarter of
2016 of the GDB and Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority bonds held by the
Corporation as part of its available-for-sale securities portfolio recorded at
their aggregate fair value of $19.5 million.  The Corporation has continued
reducing its holdings of brokered CDs, with a reduction of $539.0 million
during the first nine months of 2016, and repaid at maturity a $100 million
repurchase agreement and a $100 million FHLB advance.  Total deposits,
excluding brokered CDs and government deposits, increased in the first nine
months of 2016 by $135.0 million, primarily reflecting increases in demand
deposits and savings in Puerto Rico.       

Taking     into consideration
the above-mentioned facts for modeling purposes, the net interest income for
the next twelve months under a non-static balance sheet scenario is estimated
to increase by $13.9 million in the rising rate scenario when compared against the
Corporation s flat or unchanged interest rate forecast scenario. Under the
falling rate, non-static scenario the net interest income is estimated to
decrease by $9.4 million.   

Derivatives           

First BanCorp.
uses derivative instruments and other strategies to manage its exposure to
interest rate risk caused by changes in interest rates beyond management s
control.   

The following
summarizes major strategies, including derivative activities, used by the Corporation
in managing interest rate risk:   

Interest rate cap agreements       - Interest rate cap agreements provide
the right to receive cash if a reference interest rate rises above a
contractual rate. The value increases as the reference interest rate rises. The
Corporation enters into interest rate cap agreements for protection from rising
interest rates.     

Forward
Contracts       - Forward
contracts are sales of TBAs mortgage-backed securities that will settle over
the standard delivery date and do not qualify as  regular way  security trades.
Regular-way security trades are contracts that have no net settlement provision
and no market mechanism to facilitate net settlement and provide for delivery
of a security within the timeframe generally established by regulations or
conventions in the market-place or exchange in which the transaction is being
executed.     The forward sales are considered
derivative instruments that need to be marked-to-market. These securities are
used to hedge the FHA/VA residential mortgage loan securitizations of the
mortgage-banking operations. Unrealized gains (losses) are recognized as part
of mortgage banking activities in the consolidated statement of income.   

For detailed
information regarding the volume of derivative activities (e.g. notional
amounts), location and fair values of derivative instruments in the Statement
of Financial Condition and the amount of gains and losses reported in the
Statement of Income, refer to Note 10 in the accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements.   

110             

The following tables summarize the
  fair value changes in the Corporation s derivatives as well as the sources of
  the fair values:  

Asset Derivatives   

Liability Derivatives   

Nine-Month Period Ended   

Nine-Month Period Ended   

(In thousands)  

September 30, 2016   

September 30, 2016   

Fair value of
  contracts outstanding at the beginning of the period  

$  

806  

$  

(921)  

Fair value of
  new contracts entered into during the period  

19  

(25)  

Changes in fair
  value during the period  

(630)  

611  

Fair value of
  contracts outstanding as of  September 30, 2016   

$  

195  

$  

(335)  

111             

Derivative instruments, such as interest
rate caps, are subject to market risk.  As is the case with investment
securities, the market value of derivative instruments is largely a function of
the financial market s expectations regarding the future direction of interest
rates.  Accordingly, current market values are not necessarily indicative of
the future impact of derivative instruments on earnings.  This will depend, for
the most part, on the level of interest rates, as well as the expectations for
rates in the future.        

As of     September     30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, all of the derivative instruments held by the
Corporation were considered economic undesignated hedges.   

The use of
derivatives involves market and credit risk. The market risk of derivatives
stems principally from the potential for changes in the value of derivative
contracts based on changes in interest rates. The credit risk of derivatives
arises from the potential for default of the counterparty.  To manage this
credit risk, the Corporation deals with counterparties of good credit standing,
enters into master netting agreements whenever possible and, when appropriate,
obtains collateral.     Master netting
agreements incorporate rights of set-off that provide for the net settlement of
contracts with the same counterparty in the event of default.     

Refer to Note 20
of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional
information regarding the fair value determination of derivative instruments.   

Credit Risk
Management     

First BanCorp. is subject to credit risk mainly with respect to
its portfolio of loans receivable and off-balance sheet instruments, mainly
derivatives and loan commitments. Loans receivable represents loans that First
BanCorp. holds for investment and, therefore, First BanCorp. is at risk for the
term of the loan. Loan commitments represent commitments to extend credit,
subject to specific conditions, for specific amounts and maturities. These
commitments may expose the Corporation to credit risk and are subject to the
same review and approval process as for loans. Refer to  Contractual
Obligations and Commitments  above for further details. The credit risk of
derivatives arises from the potential of the counterparty s default on its
contractual obligations. To manage this credit risk, the Corporation deals with
counterparties of good credit standing, enters into master netting agreements
whenever possible and, when appropriate, obtains collateral. For further
details and information on the Corporation s derivative credit risk exposure,
refer to  Interest Rate Risk Management  above.     The
Corporation manages its credit risk through its credit policy, underwriting,
independent loan review and quality control procedures, statistical analysis,
comprehensive financial analysis, and established management committees.  The
Corporation also employs proactive collection and loss mitigation efforts.     Furthermore, personnel performing structured loan
workout functions are responsible for mitigating defaults and minimizing losses
upon default within each region and for each business segment.     In the case of the C I, commercial mortgage
and construction loan portfolios, the Special Asset Group ( SAG ) focuses on
strategies for the accelerated reduction of non-performing assets through note
sales, short sales, loss mitigation programs, and sales of OREO.  In addition
to the management of the resolution process for problem loans, the SAG oversees
collection efforts for all loans to prevent migration to the non-performing
and/or adversely classified status.  The SAG utilizes relationship officers,
collection specialists and attorneys. In the case of residential construction
projects, the workout function monitors project specifics, such as project
management and marketing, as deemed necessary.   

The Corporation may also have risk of default in the securities
portfolio. The securities held by the Corporation are principally fixed-rate
U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasury and agency securities.
Thus, a substantial portion of these instruments is backed by mortgages, a guarantee
of a U.S. government-sponsored entity or the full faith and credit of the U.S.
government.   

Management, consisting of the Corporation s Commercial Credit Risk
Officer, Retail Credit Risk Officer, Chief Lending Officer and other senior
executives, has the primary responsibility for setting strategies to achieve
the Corporation s credit risk goals and objectives. These goals and objectives
are documented in the Corporation s Credit Policy.   

Allowance for Loan
and Lease Losses and Non-performing Assets     

Allowance for Loan and
Lease Losses    

The allowance for
loan and lease losses represents the estimate of the level of reserves
appropriate to absorb inherent credit losses. The amount of the allowance was
determined by empirical analysis and judgments regarding the quality of each
individual loan portfolio. All known relevant internal and external factors
that affected loan collectability were considered, including analyses of
historical charge-off experience, migration patterns, changes in economic
conditions, and changes in loan collateral values. For example, factors
affecting the economies of Puerto Rico, Florida (USA), the United States Virgin
Islands and the British Virgin Islands may contribute to delinquencies and
defaults above the Corporation s historical loan and lease losses. Such factors
are subject to regular review and may change to reflect updated performance
trends and expectations, particularly in times of severe stress. The process
includes judgments and quantitative elements that may be subject to significant
change. There is no certainty that the allowance will be adequate over time to
cover credit losses in the portfolio because of continued adverse changes in
the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific
customers, industries or markets.     To the
extent actual outcomes differ from our estimates, the credit quality of our
customer base materially decreases, the risk profile of a market, industry, or
group of customers       

112             

changes materially, or the
allowance is determined to not be adequate, additional provisions for credit
losses could be required, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, liquidity, capital, and results of operations in future periods.   

The allowance for
loan and lease losses provides for probable losses that have been identified
with specific valuation allowances for individually evaluated impaired loans
and probable losses believed to be inherent in the loan portfolio that have not
been specifically identified. An internal risk rating is assigned to each
business loan at the time of approval and is subject to subsequent periodic
reviews by the Corporation s senior management. The allowance for loan and
lease losses is reviewed on a quarterly basis as part of the Corporation s
continued evaluation of its asset quality.    

The ratio of the
allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment decreased to 2.42%
as of September 30, 2016 compared to 2.64% as of December 31, 2015, primarily
due to the four large commercial loan charge-offs totaling $22.9 million
recorded in the third quarter of 2016.  The allowance to total loans for each
of the Corporation s categories of loans changed as follows: the allowance to
total loans for the C I portfolio decreased from 3.06% as of December 31,
2015 to 3.03% as of September 30, 2016; the allowance to total loans for the
commercial mortgage portfolio decreased from 4.44% as of December 31, 2015 to
3.64% as of September 30, 2016 impacted by the recognition in the third quarter
of 2016 of charge-offs on loans guaranteed by the TDF against specific reserves
established in prior periods as discussed below; the allowance to total loans
for the construction loan portfolio increased from 2.25% as of December 31,
2015 to 4.30% as of September 30, 2016; the allowance to total loans for the
residential mortgage portfolio decreased from 1.18% as of December 31, 2015 to
1.09% as of September 30, 2016 primarily driven by adjustments recorded early
in 2016 based on the experience observed over a 12-month look-back period that
showed lower than projected liquidations, loss severity rates and delinquency
levels; and the allowance to total consumer and finance leases portfolio
decreased from 3.32% as of December 31, 2015 to 2.94% as of September 30, 2016
driven by an improved charge-off rates trend and lower loss severity rates.    

The ratio of the
total allowance to non-performing loans held for investment was 37.77% as of
September 30, 2016 compared to 54.36% as of December 31, 2015, primarily
reflecting the migration to non-performing status in the first quarter of 2016 of
the Corporation s exposure to commercial mortgage loans guaranteed by the TDF
with a book value of $112.8 million as of September 30, 2016. These loans have
been adversely classified since the third quarter of 2015, and the migration of
the loans to non-performing status in 2016 did not result in a significant
increase to the total allowance for loan losses. During the third quarter of
2016, the Corporation recorded charge-offs of $13.7 million on these loans, of
which $12.8 million was charged against specific reserves established in prior
periods. As of September 30, 2016, the total reserve to book value coverage
ratio related to commercial loans extended to or guaranteed by the Puerto Rico
Government (excluding municipalities) was 16% and the loans are being carried
at 76% of unpaid principal balance, net of reserves and accumulated
charge-offs.     

Substantially all
of the Corporation s loan portfolio is located within the boundaries of the
U.S. economy. Whether the collateral is located in Puerto Rico, the U.S. or
British Virgin Islands or the U.S. mainland (mainly in the state of Florida),
the performance of the Corporation s loan portfolio and the value of the
collateral supporting the transactions are dependent upon the performance of
and conditions within each specific area s real estate market.  The real estate
market in Puerto Rico experienced readjustments in value over the last few years
driven by the loss of income due to higher unemployment, reduced demand and
general adverse economic conditions.  The Corporation sets adequate
loan-to-value ratios upon original approval following its regulatory and credit
policy standards.   

As shown in the
following table, the allowance for loan and lease losses amounted to $214.1
million as of September 30, 2016, or 2.42% of total loans, compared with $240.7
million, or 2.64% of total loans, as of December 31, 2015.   Refer to the  Provision for Loan and Lease
Losses  above for additional information.   

113             

114             

115             

116             

As of September 30,
2016, the Corporation maintained a $2.1 million reserve for unfunded loan
commitments mainly related to an outstanding adversely classified floor plan
relationship. The reserve for unfunded loan commitments is an estimate of the
losses inherent in off-balance sheet loan commitments to borrowers that are
experiencing financial difficulties at the balance sheet date. It is calculated
by multiplying an estimated loss factor by an estimated probability of funding,
and then by the period-end amounts for unfunded commitments. The reserve for
unfunded loan commitments is included as part of accounts payable and other
liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial condition.   

Non-performing Loans and Non-performing
Asset     

Total
non-performing assets consist of non-performing loans (generally loans held for
investment or loans held for sale on which the recognition of interest income
has been discontinued when the loan became 90 days past due or earlier if the
full and timely collection of interest or principal is uncertain), foreclosed
real estate, other repossessed properties, and non-performing investment
securities.  When a loan is placed in non-performing status, any interest
previously recognized and not collected is reversed and charged against
interest income.   

Non-performing
Loans Policy    

Residential
Real Estate Loans       
The Corporation classifies real estate loans in non-performing status when
interest and principal have not been received for a period of 90 days or
more.   

Commercial and
Construction Loans       
The Corporation places commercial loans (including commercial real estate and
construction loans) in non-performing status when interest and principal have
not been received for a period of 90 days or more or when collection of
all of the principal or interest is not expected due to deterioration in the financial
condition of the borrower.         

Finance Leases        Finance leases are classified in
non-performing status when interest and principal have not been received for a
period of 90 days or more.   

Consumer Loans        Consumer loans are classified in
non-performing status when interest and principal have not been received for a
period of 90 days or more. Credit card loans continue to accrue finance
charges and fees until charged-off at 180 days delinquent.   

Purchased
Credit Impaired Loans       
PCI loans were recorded at fair value at acquisition. Since the initial fair
value of these loans included an estimate of credit losses expected to be
realized over the remaining lives of the loans, the subsequent accounting for
PCI loans differs from the accounting for non-PCI loans. The Corporation,
therefore, separately tracks and reports PCI loans and excludes these from the
amounts of non-performing loans, impaired loans, TDRs, and non-performing assets.   

Cash payments
received on certain loans that are impaired and collateral dependent are
recognized when collected in accordance with the contractual terms of the
loans.  The principal portion of the payment is used to reduce the principal
balance of the loan, whereas the interest portion is recognized on a cash basis
(when collected). However, when management believes that the ultimate
collectability of principal is in doubt, the interest portion is applied to the
outstanding principal.  The risk exposure of this portfolio is diversified as
to individual borrowers and industries, among other factors. In addition, a
large portion is secured with real estate collateral.   

Other Real Estate Owned     

OREO acquired in
settlement of loans is carried at the lower of cost (carrying value of the
loan) or fair value less estimated costs to sell off the real estate.
Appraisals are obtained periodically, generally, on an annual basis.   

Other Repossessed Property     

The other
repossessed property category generally includes repossessed boats and autos
acquired in settlement of loans. Repossessed boats and autos are recorded at
the lower of cost or estimated fair value.   

Other Non-Performing Assets     

This category
consists of bonds of the GDB and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority
placed in non-performing status in the third quarter of 2016 as these entities
had recently defaulted on interest due on bonds held by the Corporation as part
of its available-for-sale investment securities portfolio.     

Past Due Loans 90 days and still accruing     

117             

These are accruing loans that are contractually delinquent
90 days or more. These past due loans are either current as to interest
but delinquent as to the payment of principal or are insured or guaranteed
under applicable FHA and VA programs.  Past Due Loans 90 days and still
accruing also include PCI loans with individual delinquencies over 90 days,
primarily related to mortgage loans acquired from Doral Bank in 2015 and from
Doral Financial in 2014.   

TDRs are
classified as either accrual or nonaccrual loans. A loan on nonaccrual and
restructured as a TDR will remain on nonaccrual status until the borrower has
proven the ability to perform under the modified structure, generally for a
minimum of six months, and there is evidence that such payments can and are
likely to continue as agreed. Performance prior to the restructuring, or
significant events that coincide with the restructuring, are included in
assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms and may result in the
loans being returned to accrual at the time of the restructuring or after a
shorter performance period. If the borrower s ability to meet the revised
payment schedule is uncertain, the loan remains classified as a nonaccrual
loan.   

118             

119             

Total non-performing loans, including
non-performing loans held for sale, were $574.8 million as of September 30,
2016.  This represents an increase of $123.9 million from $450.9 million as of
December 31, 2015.  The increase was primarily attributable to the inflow in
the first quarter of 2016 of the $112.8 million exposure to commercial mortgage
loans guaranteed by the TDF and the inflow in the second quarter of 2016 of a
$35.0 million commercial relationship in Puerto Rico. The increase resulting
from the inflow of large commercial loans was partially offset by reductions in
non-performing residential and consumer loan balances.   

Non-performing
commercial mortgage loans increased by $140.1 million to $191.4 million as of
September 30, 2016 from $51.3 million as of December 31, 2015. The increase was
primarily driven by the aforementioned inflow of the $112.8 million exposure to
loans guaranteed by the TDF in the first quarter of 2016 and the inflow of a
$20.7 million loan that is part of the aforementioned $35.0 million commercial
relationship in Puerto Rico placed in non-performing status in the second
quarter of 2016. Total inflows of non-performing commercial mortgage loans of
$166.0 million during the first nine months of 2016 increased by $151.8 million
compared to inflows of $14.2 million for the same period in 2015.     

Non-performing
C I loans remained relatively flat at $137.0 million as of September 30,
2016 compared to $137.1 million as of December 31, 2015.  The slight decrease
was driven by charge-offs and collections that were almost entirely offset by
new inflows, including a $14.3 million loan which is also part of the
aforementioned     $35.0 million
commercial relationship in Puerto Rico placed in non-performing status in the
second quarter of 2016.      Total
inflows of non-performing C I loans were $35.2 million during the first
nine months of 2016, a decrease of $52.6 million compared to inflows of $87.8
million for the same period in 2015.    

Non-performing
construction loans, including non-performing construction loans held for sale,
decreased by $3.9 million to $58.8 million from $62.8 million as of December
31, 2015, primarily from a combination of cash collections, charge-offs and
foreclosures. The inflows of non-performing construction loans during the first
nine months of 2016 amounted to $1.0 million compared to inflows of $0.5
million for the same period in 2015.   

The following
tables present the activity of commercial and construction non-performing loans
held for investment:   

120             

121             

Total non-performing commercial and
construction loans, including non-performing loans held for sale, with a book
value of $387.3 million as of September 30, 2016, are being carried at 58.2% of
unpaid principal balance, net of reserves and accumulated charge-offs.   

Non-performing residential mortgage loans
decreased by $6.8 million to $162.2 million as of September 30, 2016 from
$169.0 million as of December 31, 2015.  The decrease was mainly driven by
loans brought current, modifications through TDRs after a sustained performance
period, foreclosures, and charge-offs during the first nine months of 2016,
partially offset by inflows of $71.0 million.  The inflows of non-performing
residential mortgage loans during the first nine months of 2016 amounted to
$71.0 million compared to inflows of $71.7 million for the same period in
2015.  Approximately $53.1 million, or 33% of total non-performing residential
mortgage loans, have been written down to their net realizable value and no
specific reserve was allocated.   

122             

The amount of non-performing consumer
loans, including finance leases, showed a $5.5 million decrease during the
first nine months of 2016 to $25.3 million compared to $30.8 million as of
December 31, 2015.  The decrease was mainly related to charge-offs and cash
collections, primarily auto loans.  The inflows of non-performing consumer
loans of $32.6 million for the first nine months of 2016 decreased by $7.6
million compared to inflows of $40.2 million for the same period in 2015.    

As of
    September     30, 2016, approximately $218.3 million of
the loans placed in non-accrual status, mainly commercial loans, were current,
or had delinquencies of less than 90 days in their interest payments, including
$121.3 million of TDRs maintained in nonaccrual status until the restructured
loans meet the criteria of sustained payment performance under the revised
terms for reinstatement to accrual status and there is no doubt about full
collectability. Collections on these loans are being recorded on a cash basis
through earnings, or on a cost-recovery basis, as conditions warrant.   

During the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, interest income of approximately $10.1 million related to
non-performing loans with a carrying value of $379.8 million as of September
30, 2016, mainly non-performing construction and commercial loans, was applied
against the related principal balances under the cost-recovery method.   

123             

The Corporation provides homeownership
preservation assistance to its customers through a loss mitigation program in
Puerto Rico that is similar to the U.S. government s Home Affordable
Modification Program guidelines.     Depending
upon the nature of borrowers  financial condition, restructurings or loan modifications
through this program as well as other restructurings of individual commercial,
commercial mortgage, construction, and residential mortgage loans fit the
definition of a TDR.     A restructuring of a
debt constitutes a TDR if the creditor for economic or legal reasons related to
the debtor s financial difficulties grants a concession to the debtor that it
would not otherwise consider.     Modifications
involve changes in one or more of the loan terms that bring a defaulted loan
current and provide sustainable affordability. Changes may include the
refinancing of any past-due amounts, including interest and escrow, the
extension of the maturity of the loan and modifications of the loan rate. As of
September 30, 2016, the Corporation s total TDR loans held for investment of
$656.3 million consisted of $378.7 million of residential mortgage loans,
$150.9 million of commercial and industrial loans, $44.0 million of commercial
mortgage loans, $40.2 million of construction loans, and $42.5 million of
consumer loans.   

The Corporation s loss mitigation programs
for residential mortgage and consumer loans can provide for one or a
combination of the following: movement of interest past due to the end of the
loan, extension of the loan term, deferral of principal payments, and reduction
of interest rates either permanently or for a period of up to four years
(increasing back in step-up rates).  Additionally, in certain cases, the
restructuring may provide for the forgiveness of contractually due principal or
interest. Uncollected interest is added to the end of the loan term at the time
of the restructuring and not recognized as income until collected or when the
loan is paid off.     These programs are
available only to those borrowers who have defaulted, or are likely to default,
permanently on their loan and would lose their homes in a foreclosure action
absent some lender concession. Nevertheless, if the Corporation is not
reasonably assured that the borrower will comply with its contractual
commitment, properties are foreclosed.    

Prior to permanently modifying a loan, the
Corporation may enter into trial modifications with certain borrowers. Trial
modifications generally represent a six-month period during which the borrower
makes monthly payments under the anticipated modified payment terms prior to a
formal modification. Upon successful completion of a trial modification, the
Corporation and the borrower enter into a permanent modification. TDR loans
that are participating in, or that have been offered a binding trial
modification are classified as TDRs when the trial offer is made and continue
to be classified as TDRs regardless of whether the borrower enters into a
permanent modification. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation classified an
additional $5.6 million of residential mortgage loans as TDRs that were
participating in or had been offered a trial modification.   

For the commercial
real estate, commercial and industrial, and construction portfolios, at the
time of a restructuring, the Corporation determines, on a loan-by-loan basis,
whether a concession was granted for economic or legal reasons related to the
borrower s financial difficulty. Concessions granted for commercial loans could
include: reductions in interest rates to rates that are considered below
market; extension of repayment schedules and maturity dates beyond original
contractual terms; waivers of borrower covenants; forgiveness of principal or
interest; or other contractual changes that would be considered a concession.
The Corporation mitigates loan defaults for its commercial loan portfolios
through its collection function. The function s objective is to minimize both early
stage delinquencies and losses upon default of commercial loans.   In the case of the commercial and industrial, 
commercial mortgage, and construction loan portfolios, the SAG focuses on
strategies for the accelerated reduction of non-performing assets through note
sales, short sales, loss mitigation programs, and sales of OREO.  In addition
to the management of the resolution process for problem loans, the SAG oversees
collection efforts for all loans to prevent migration to the non-performing
and/or adversely classified status.  The SAG utilizes relationship officers,
collection specialists, and attorneys. In the case of residential construction
projects, the workout function monitors project specifics, such as project
management and marketing, as deemed necessary.    The SAG utilizes its
collections infrastructure of workout collection officers, credit work-out
specialists, in-house legal counsel, and third-party consultants. In the case
of residential construction projects and large commercial loans, the SAG
function also utilizes third-party specialized consultants to monitor the
residential and commercial construction projects in terms of construction,
marketing and sales, and to assist with the restructuring of large commercial
loans.   

In addition, the Corporation extends,
renews, and restructures loans with satisfactory credit profiles. Many
commercial loan facilities are structured as lines of credit, which are mainly
one year in term and, therefore, are required to be renewed annually. Other
facilities may be restructured or extended from time to time based upon changes
in the borrower s business needs, use of funds, the timing of completion of
projects, and other factors. If the borrower is not deemed to have financial
difficulties, extensions, renewals, and restructurings are done in the normal
course of business and are not considered to be concessions, and the loans
continue to be recorded as performing.    

TDR loans are
classified as either accrual or nonaccrual loans. Loans in accrual status may
remain in accrual status when their contractual terms have been modified in a
TDR if the loan had demonstrated performance prior to the restructuring and
payment in full under the restructured terms is expected. Otherwise, loans on
non-accrual and restructured as a TDR will remain on nonaccrual status until
the borrower has proven the ability to perform under the modified structure,     generally for a minimum of six months, and there
is evidence that such payments can and are likely to continue as agreed.
Performance prior to the restructuring, or significant events that coincide
with the restructuring, are included in assessing whether the borrower can meet
the new terms and may result in the loan being returned to accrual status at
the time of the restructuring or after a shorter performance period. If the
borrower s ability to meet the revised payment schedule is uncertain, the loan
remains classified as a nonaccrual loan. Loan modifications increase the       

124             

Corporation s interest income by returning a
non-performing loan to performing status, if applicable, increase cash flows by
providing for payments to be made by the borrower, and limit increases in
foreclosure and OREO costs. The Corporation continues to consider a modified
loan as an impaired loan for purposes of estimating the allowance for loan and
lease losses.   

The OREO portfolio, which is part of
non-performing assets, decreased by $7.4 million. The following tables show the
composition of the OREO portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 as well as the activity during the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016 of the OREO portfolio by geographic region:   

125             

In the third quarter of 2016, the Corporation discontinued the
income recognition related to, and placed in non-performing status, the bonds
of GDB and the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority as these entities had recently
defaulted on interest due on bonds held by the Corporation as part of its
available-for-sale investment securities portfolio.  As of September 30, 2016,
the amortized cost of these bonds, including accrued interest of $0.9 million,
was $35.6 million (net of $22.2 million in cumulative other-than temporary
credit impairment charges). These bonds are recorded on the Corporation s books
at their aggregate fair value of $19.5 million.   

     Net Charge-offs and Total Credit Losses    

   Total net charge-offs for the first nine
months of 2016 were $90.2 million, or 1.35% of average loans on an annualized
basis, compared to $131.8 million, or an annualized 1.91%, for the same period
in 2015. The bulk sale of assets in the second quarter of 2015 added $61.4
million in net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2015. Excluding the
impact of net charge-offs related to the bulk sale of assets in 2015, the $90.2
million of net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 increased by $19.8
million compared to adjusted net charge-offs of $70.4 million for the first
nine months of 2015, driven by higher losses on residential mortgage loans as
well as the impact of four large commercial loan charge-offs recorded in the
third quarter of 2016, including charge-offs of $13.7 million recorded on loans
guaranteed by the TDF.   

   C I loans net charge-offs in the first nine months of 2016
totaled $14.4 million, or an annualized 0.89% of related average loans,
compared to $26.7 million, or an annualized 1.59%, for the first nine months of
2015. C I loans net charge-offs in the first nine months of 2015 included
$20.6 million associated with the bulk sale of assets. Excluding the impact of
net charge-offs related to the bulk sale of assets in 2015, the $14.4 million
of C I loans net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 increased by
$8.3 million compared to adjusted C I loans net charge-offs of $6.1 million
for the first nine months of 2015.     Substantially all of the
charge-offs recorded in the first nine months of 2016 are related to loans in
Puerto Rico, including charge-offs totaling $11.9 million on three commercial
relationships.    

Commercial mortgage loans net charge-offs in the first nine months
of 2016 were $15.3 million, or an annualized 1.34% of related average loans,
compared to $47.6 million, or an annualized 3.96%, for the first nine months of
2015. Commercial mortgage loans net charge-offs in the first nine months of
2015 included $37.6 million associated with the bulk sale of assets. Excluding
the impact of net charge-offs related to the bulk sale of assets in 2015, the
$15.3 million of commercial mortgage loans net charge-offs for the first nine
months of 2016 increased by $5.3 million compared to adjusted commercial
mortgage loans net charge-offs of $10.0 million for the first nine months of
2015. Most of the charge-offs recorded in the first nine months of 2016 are
related to loans in Puerto Rico, including the $13.7 million charge-offs
recorded on loans guaranteed by the TDF in the third quarter.  As noted above,
these charge-offs are associated with two of the three credit facilities
guaranteed by the TDF as the payments received on these facilities are
insufficient to cover the contractual payments and the Corporation is not
receiving collections from the TDF guarantee.  As such, these two facilities
are collateral dependent loans; thus, the portion of the recorded investment in
excess of the fair value of the collateral identified as uncollectible was
charged off against the allowance for loan losses.  Approximately $12.8 million
of the $13.7 million charge-offs recorded in the third quarter of 2016 on loans
guaranteed by the TDF was charged against specific reserves established in
prior periods.          

Construction loans net charge-offs in the first nine months of
2016 were $0.3 million, or an annualized 0.29% of related average loans,
compared to $2.4 million, or an annualized 1.88%, for the first nine months of
2015. Construction loans net-charge offs in the first nine months of 2015
included $3.3 million of net charge-offs related to the bulk sale of assets.
Excluding the impact of net charge-offs related to the bulk sale of assets in
2015, the $0.3 million of construction loans net charge-offs for the first nine
months of 2016 increased by $1.2 million compared to adjusted construction
loans net recoveries of $0.9 million for the first nine months of 2015. More
than half of the net construction loans net charge-offs in 2016 was related to
an individual land loan in Puerto Rico fully charged-off in the second quarter.

Residential mortgage loans net charge-offs in the first nine
months of 2016 were $25.2 million, or an annualized 1.02% of related average
loans, compared to $13.2 million, or an annualized 0.54%, for the first nine
months of 2015. The increase in the residential mortgage loans net charge-offs
is mainly due to updated appraisals. Approximately $18.3 million in charge-offs
for the first nine months of 2016 resulted from valuations for impairment
purposes of residential mortgage loans considered homogeneous given high
delinquency and loan-to-value levels compared to $8.2 million for the first
nine months of 2015. Net charge-offs for residential mortgage loans also
included $5.6 million related to foreclosures in the first nine months of 2016,
compared to $4.7 million for the first nine months of 2015.   

Consumer and finance leases net
charge-offs in the first nine months of 2016 were $35.0 million, or an
annualized 2.63% of related average loans, compared to $41.9 million, or an
annualized 2.91% of average loans, in the first nine months of 2015.  The
decrease is mainly attributable to the auto loan portfolio.   

126             

127             

The above ratios are based on annualized charge-offs and
are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the entire year or
in subsequent periods.      

      Total credit losses (equal to net charge-offs plus
losses on OREO operations) for the first nine months of 2016 amounted to $99.3
million, or 1.59% on an annualized basis to average loans and repossessed
assets, in contrast to credit losses of $143.7 million, or 2.06% on an annual
basis to average loans and repossessed assets, for the same period in 2015.   

128             

129             

Operational Risk    

The Corporation faces ongoing and
emerging risk and regulatory pressure related to the activities that surround
the delivery of banking and financial products. Coupled with external
influences such as market conditions, security risks, and legal risks, the
potential for operational and reputational loss has increased. In order to
mitigate and control operational risk, the Corporation has developed, and
continues to enhance, specific internal controls, policies and procedures that
are designed to identify and manage operational risk at appropriate levels
throughout the organization. The purpose of these mechanisms is to provide
reasonable assurance that the Corporation s business operations are functioning
within the policies and limits established by management.   

The Corporation classifies operational
risk into two major categories: business specific and corporate-wide affecting
all business lines. For business specific risks, a risk assessment group works
with the various business units to ensure consistency in policies, processes
and assessments. With respect to corporate-wide risks, such as information
security, business recovery, and legal and compliance, the Corporation has
specialized groups, such as the Legal Department, Information Security,
Corporate Compliance, and Operations. These groups assist the lines of business
in the development and implementation of risk management practices specific to
the needs of the business groups.   

Legal and Compliance Risk    

Legal and compliance risk includes the
risk of noncompliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, the
risk of adverse legal judgments against the Corporation, and the risk that a
counterparty s performance obligations will be unenforceable. The Corporation
is subject to extensive regulation in the different jurisdictions in which it
conducts its business, and this regulatory scrutiny has been significantly
increasing over the last several years. The Corporation has established and
continues to enhance procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements that
are designed to ensure compliance with all applicable statutory and regulatory
requirements. The Corporation has a Compliance Director who reports to the
Chief Risk Officer and is responsible for the oversight of regulatory
compliance and implementation of an enterprise-wide compliance risk assessment
process. The Compliance division has officer roles in each major business area
with direct reporting relationships to the Corporate Compliance Group.   

Concentration Risk    

The Corporation conducts its operations in a geographically
concentrated area, as its main market is Puerto Rico. However, the Corporation
has diversified its geographical risk as evidenced by its operations in the
Virgin Islands and in Florida. Of the total gross loans held for investment of
$8.9 billion as of September 30, 2016, approximately 78% have credit risk
concentration in Puerto Rico, 15% in the United States, and 7% in the Virgin
Islands.   

    Exposure
to Puerto Rico Government    

      As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation
had $325.9 million of direct exposure to the Puerto Rico Government, its
municipalities and public corporations, compared to $360.7 million as of
December 31, 2015.  Approximately $191.9 million of the exposure consisted of
loans and obligations of municipalities in Puerto Rico that are supported by
assigned property tax revenues and for which, in most cases, the good faith,
credit and unlimited taxing power of the applicable municipality have been
pledged to their repayment. Approximately 89% of the Corporation s municipality
exposure consists primarily of senior priority obligations concentrated in five
of the largest municipalities in Puerto Rico (San Juan, Carolina, Bayamon,
Mayaguez and Guaynabo). These municipalities are required by law to levy
special property taxes in such amounts as shall be required for the payment of
all of their respective general obligation bonds and loans. In addition to
municipalities, the total exposure to the Puerto Rico Government included $6.9
million of loans to units of the Puerto Rico central government, and
approximately $83.7 million consisted of loans to public corporations,
including a direct exposure to PREPA with a book value of $66.9 million as of
September 30, 2016. The PREPA credit facility was placed in non-accrual status
in the first quarter of 2015, and interest payments are recorded on a
cost-recovery basis.  The Corporation s total direct exposure also includes
obligations of the Puerto Rico Government with an amortized cost of $43.5
million as part of its available-for-sale investment securities portfolio, net
of $22.2 million in cumulative OTTI charges, and recorded at a fair value of
$26.8 million as of September 30, 2016.   

130             

Furthermore,
as of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had $128.0 million outstanding (book
value of $112.8 million) in financings to the hotel industry in Puerto Rico
under which the borrower and the operations of the underlying collateral are
the primary sources of repayment and the TDF provides a secondary guarantee for
payment performance, compared to $129.4 million outstanding as of December 31,
2015.  These facilities were placed in non-accrual status and classified as
impaired in the first quarter of 2016, and interest payments are now applied
against principal. Approximately $1.6 million of interest payments received on
loans guaranteed by the TDF since late March 2016 have been applied against
principal. As of the date of filing of this Form 10-Q, the largest of these
three facilities is current on contractual payments as its operations are
generating the cash flows to cover payments. The Corporation has been receiving
partial payments from the other two facilities since their operations are
insufficient to cover the entire contractual payments and the Corporation is
not receiving collections from the TDF guarantee.  As such, these two
facilities are collateral dependent loans and charge-offs amounting to $13.7
million were recorded in the third quarter of 2016, of which $12.8 million was
charged against specific reserves established in prior periods. These loans
have been adversely classified since the third quarter of 2015.   The
Corporation s collections of principal and interest from the TDF in the first
half of 2016 amounted to $0.6 million compared to $5.3 million in the entire
2015 year.     

The TDF is a
subsidiary of the GDB that facilitates private sector financings to Puerto
Rico s hotel industry. Adverse developments related to the Puerto Rico
government s fiscal situation introduced additional uncertainty regarding the
TDF s ability to honor its guarantee, including the enactment of the Puerto
Rico Emergency Moratorium and Financial Rehabilitation Act ( Act 21 ), which
gives Puerto Rico s governor emergency powers to deal with Puerto Rico s
challenging fiscal situation, including the ability to declare a moratorium on
all bonds and other payments.  On June 30, 2016, pursuant to Act 21, the Puerto
Rico governor ordered a moratorium on the payment of $780 million of the Puerto
Rico Government s general obligations and the debt of certain other
instrumentalities due on July 1, 2016.  This followed a default on the principal
payment of $367 million of GDB notes due on May 1, 2016.  Puerto Rico s
governor also issued an executive order intended to protect the GDB s liquidity
by allowing withdrawals only to fund necessary costs for essential services
such as health, public safety and education services. Recently, the GDB
defaulted on a $28 million payment of interest due to its creditors on August
1, 2016, including interest due on GDB bonds held by the Corporation.    

131             

As of September 30, 2016, the total
reserve to book value coverage ratio related to commercial loans extended to or
guaranteed by the Puerto Rico Government (excluding municipalities) was 16% and
the loans are being carried at 76% of unpaid principal balance, net of reserves
and accumulated charge-offs.   

In addition, the Corporation had $121.4 million in indirect exposure to
residential mortgage loans that are guaranteed by the Puerto Rico Housing
Finance Authority. Residential mortgage loans guaranteed by the Puerto Rico
Housing Finance Authority are secured by the underlying properties and the
guarantees serve to cover shortfalls in collateral in the event of a borrower
default. The Puerto Rico Government guarantees up to $75 million of the
principal guaranteed under the mortgage loans insurance program. According to
the most recently released audited financial statements of the Puerto Rico
Housing Finance Authority, as of June 30, 2015, the Puerto Rico Housing Finance
Authority s mortgage loans insurance program covered loans aggregating to
approximately $552 million. The regulations adopted by the Puerto Rico Housing
Finance Authority require the establishment of adequate reserves to guarantee
the solvency of the mortgage loans insurance fund. As of June 30, 2015, the
most recent date as of which information is available, the Puerto Rico Housing
Finance Authority had a restricted net position for such purposes of
approximately $77.4 million.  

Furthermore, as of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had $463.5 million of
public sector deposits in Puerto Rico. Approximately 32% is from municipalities
and municipal agencies in Puerto Rico and 68% is from public corporations and
the central government and agencies in Puerto Rico.  

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices   

The financial
statements and related data presented herein have been prepared in conformity
with GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating
results in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the
relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation.      

Unlike most
industrial companies, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of a
financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have
a greater impact on a financial institution s performance than the effects of
general levels of inflation. Interest rate movements are not necessarily
correlated with changes in the prices of goods and services.  

Basis of Presentation   

The
Corporation has included in this Form 10-Q the following financial measures
that are not recognized under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles,
which are referred to as non-GAAP financial measures: (i) the calculation of
net interest income, interest rate spread and net interest margin rate on a
tax-equivalent basis and excluding changes in the fair value of derivative
instruments; (ii) the calculation of the tangible common equity ratio and the
tangible book value per common share; and (iii) certain other financial
measures, including net income, provision for loan and lease losses,
non-interest income,  non-interest expenses and net charge-offs adjusted to
exclude the effect of gain on sales of U.S. agency MBS recorded in the third
quarter of 2016, severance payments on job discontinuance recorded in the third
quarter of 2016, other-than-temporary impairment charges on debt securities
recorded during the third quarter of 2015 and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the effect of the gain on the repurchase and
cancellation of $10 million in trust-preferred securities recorded in the first
nine months of 2016, the effect of the bulk sale of assets in the first nine
months of 2015, and the bargain purchase gain and acquisition and conversion
costs related to the acquisition of assets and assumption of deposits from
Doral Bank recorded in the first nine months of 2015. Investors should be aware
that non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations and should be read
only in conjunction with the Corporation s consolidated financial data prepared
in accordance with GAAP.  

Net interest
income, interest rate spread and net interest margin are reported excluding
changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and on a tax-equivalent
basis in order to provide to investors additional information about the
Corporation s net interest income that management uses and believes should
facilitate comparability and analysis. The changes in the fair value of derivative
instruments have no effect on interest due or interest earned on
interest-bearing liabilities or interest-earning assets, respectively. The
tax-equivalent adjustment to net interest income recognizes the income tax
savings when comparing taxable and tax-exempt assets and assumes a marginal
income tax rate. Income from tax-exempt earning assets is increased by an
amount equivalent to the taxes that would have been paid if this income had
been taxable at statutory rates. Management believes that it is a standard
practice in the banking industry to present net interest income, interest rate
spread, and net interest margin on a fully tax-equivalent basis. This
adjustment puts all earning assets, most notably tax-exempt securities and
certain loans, on a common basis that facilitates comparison of results to
results of peers. Refer to     Net Interest Income     above for the table
that reconciles the non-GAAP financial measure  net interest income excluding
fair value changes and on a tax-equivalent basis  with net interest income
calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. The table also reconciles the
non-GAAP financial measures  net interest spread and margin excluding fair
value changes and on a tax-equivalent basis  with net interest spread and margin
calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.  

132             

The tangible common equity ratio and tangible book
value per common share are non-GAAP financial measures generally used by the
financial community to evaluate capital adequacy. Tangible common equity is
total equity less preferred equity, goodwill, core deposit intangibles, and
other intangibles, such as the purchased credit card relationship intangible
and the insurance customer relationship intangible. Tangible assets are total
assets less goodwill, core deposit intangibles, and other intangibles, such as
the purchased credit card relationship intangible and the insurance customer
relationship intangible. Management and many stock analysts use the tangible
common equity ratio and tangible book value per common share in conjunction
with more traditional bank capital ratios to compare the capital adequacy of
banking organizations with significant amounts of goodwill or other intangible
assets, typically stemming from the use of the purchase method of accounting
for mergers and acquisitions. Accordingly, the Corporation believes that
disclosures of these financial measures may be useful also to investors.
Neither tangible common equity nor tangible assets, or the related measures
should be considered in isolation or as a substitute for stockholders  equity,
total assets, or any other measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.
Moreover, the manner in which the Corporation calculates its tangible common
equity, tangible assets, and any other related measures may differ from that of
other companies reporting measures with similar names. Refer to     Risk
Management-Capital     above for a reconciliation of the Corporation s
tangible common equity and tangible assets.  

To supplement the Corporation s financial
statements presented in accordance with GAAP, the Corporation uses, and
believes that investors benefit from disclosure of adjustments to the provision
for loan and lease losses, non-interest income, non-interest expenses, and net
income to exclude items that management believes are not reflective of core
operating performance, are not expected to reoccur with any regularity, or may
reoccur at uncertain times and amounts.  During the third quarter and first nine
months of 2016 and 2015, the following adjustments were made for one of those
reasons:    

Adjusted
provision for loan and lease losses excludes a $46.9 million charge related to
the bulk sale of assets completed in the first nine months of 2015.  

Adjusted
non-interest income excludes: (i) gain on sales of U.S. agency MBS of $6.1
million for the quarter and nine month period ended September 30, 2016, (ii)
OTTI charges on debt securities of $6.7 million for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, $0.2 million for the third quarter of 2015 and $13.3
million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, (iii) a $4.2
million gain on the repurchase and cancellation of trust-preferred securities
recorded for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, (iv) a $13.4
million bargain purchase gain on assets acquired and deposits assumed from
Doral Bank recorded in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, and (v)
a $0.6 million loss related to a commercial mortgage loan held for sale sold as
part of the bulk sale of assets recorded for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2015.    

Adjusted
non-interest expenses excludes: (i) severance payments on job discontinuance of
$0.3 million for the quarter and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016,
(ii) acquisition and conversion costs of $4.6 million for the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2015 associated with the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed from Doral Bank in 2015, and (iii) expenses and losses of $1.2 million
directly attributable to the bulk sale of assets recorded for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2015.  

Adjusted
net income excludes the effect of all the items mentioned in the above captions
and their related tax effects.  A $0.2 million tax expense related to the
taxable portion of the gain on sale of U.S. agency MBS (calculated based on the
applicable capital gain tax rate of 20%) was recorded for the quarter and
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016.  An income tax benefit of $0.1
million related to the severance payments on job discontinuance (calculated
based on the statutory tax rate of 30%) was recorded for the quarter and
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. A $19.0 million tax benefit related
to the bulk sale of assets and transaction costs (calculated based on the
statutory tax rate of 39%) was recorded for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2015. A $5.2 million tax expense related to the bargain purchase
gain on assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Doral Bank (calculated
based on the statutory tax rate of 39%) was recorded in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016. A tax benefit of $1.8 million (calculated based on
the statutory tax rate of 39%) was recorded for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2015, related to acquisition and conversion costs associated with
assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Doral Bank.  No tax benefit or
expense was recognized for OTTI charges on debt securities and the gain on the
repurchase and cancellation of trust-preferred securities.  

Adjusted net charge-offs
exclude net charge-offs of $61.4 million recorded for the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2015 related to the bulk sale of assets.  

Management believes that disclosure of the adjusted provision for loan and
lease losses, adjusted non-interest income, adjusted non-interest expenses,
adjusted net income, and adjusted net charge-offs enhances the ability of
analysts and investors to analyze trends in the Corporation s business and
understand the performance of the Corporation.  In addition, the Corporation
may utilize these non-GAAP financial measures as a guide in its budgeting and
long-term planning process.  

133             

134             

135             

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

For information
regarding market risk to which the Corporation is exposed, see the information
contained in  Part I   Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Risk Management.    

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

First BanCorp. s management,
including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of First BanCorp. s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, as of the end
of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure
controls and procedures were effective.   

Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

There have been no changes to the
Corporation s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the
fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control
over financial reporting.   

136             

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS    

Not applicable.   

ITEM 1A.  RISK
FACTORS   

The Corporation s
business, operating results and/or the market price of our common and preferred
stock may be significantly affected by a number of factors.  For a detailed
discussion of certain risk factors that could affect the Corporation s future
operations, financial condition or results for future periods, see the risk
factors below and in Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  in the Corporation s 2015 Annual
Report on Form 10-K.  These factors could also cause actual results to differ
materially from historical results or the results contemplated by the
forward-looking statements contained in this report.  Also refer to the
discussion in  Part I   Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in this report for additional
information that may supplement or update the discussion of  risk factors in
the Corporation s 2015 Form 10-K.      

Additional risks
and uncertainties that are not currently known to the Corporation or are
currently deemed by the Corporation to be immaterial also may materially
adversely affect the Corporation s business, financial condition or results of
operations.  

The Corporation s financial results may be adversely
affected by Puerto Rico s current economic condition.    

  A significant portion of the
Corporation s financial activities and credit exposure is concentrated in the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, which has been in an economic recession since
2006. Based on the most recent information available, the main economic indicators
suggest that the Puerto Rico economy remains weak.  For fiscal years 2015, 2016
and 2017, the Puerto Rico Planning Board projects a continued economic
contraction in the Commonwealth s real gross national product ( GNP ) of 0.6%,
1.2% and 2.0%, respectively, while the Government Development Bank of Puerto
Rico s (the  GDB ) economic activity index (the  GDB-EAI ) in August 2016
decreased 1.0% on a year-over-year basis.  The GDB-EAI is a coincident index of
economic activity for Puerto Rico made up of four indicators (payroll
employment, electric power generation, cement sales and gasoline consumption). 
The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in Puerto Rico was 11.9% in September
2016.  

  Based on information published
by the Puerto Rico Government, General Fund net revenues for fiscal year 2015-2016
totaled approximately $9.175 billion, a year-over-year increase of $214.4 million. 
Fiscal year revenues were $116.7 million below revised estimates. Preliminary
General Fund net revenues for the first three months of fiscal year 2016-2017
were $1.938 billion, an increase of $1.8 million when compared to the same
quarter of fiscal year 2015-2016 and $14.7 million lower than the original
estimate for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.  

  On April 6, 2016, the Puerto
Rico governor signed the Puerto Rico Emergency Moratorium and Financial
Rehabilitation Act, which gives Puerto Rico s governor emergency powers to deal
with the challenging fiscal situation, including the ability to declare a
moratorium on any debt payment.  Puerto Rico s governor also issued an
executive order intended to protect the GDB s liquidity by allowing withdrawals
only to fund necessary costs for essential services such as health, public
safety and education services.    

  On May, 1 2016, pursuant to the debt moratorium law, the
Puerto Rico governor issued an executive order for the moratorium on the debt
service payment due by the GDB on May 1, 2016. The GDB paid the scheduled
interest payment of $22 million but defaulted on the principal payment of $367
million on its notes due on May 1, 2016. In addition, on April 29, 2016, the
GDB announced that it reached an agreement with various state-chartered credit
unions in Puerto Rico to implement a limited private exchange of approximately
$33 million of notes issued by the GDB and maturing on May 1, 2016 for newly
issued GDB notes with substantially the same terms, but maturing on May 1,
2017. The exchange was structured to be completed in advance of the May 1, 2016
principal payment date and settled on April 29, 2016.  

On May 1, 2016, the
GDB announced that it had negotiated a framework of indicative terms for a
restructuring of GDB bonds with a group of bondholders (the  Ad Hoc Group )
holding approximately $900 million of the $3.8 billion of the GDB s outstanding
notes (the  Old Notes ). As part of the understanding, the Ad Hoc Group and the
GDB intend to negotiate the terms and forbear from pursuing legal action
related to the May 1st debt service payment during such negotiations.  

The agreed key
terms contemplate a two-step restructuring of the GDB s obligations, in which
all holders of the Old Notes, including the Ad Hoc Group, would first exchange
(the  Interim Exchange ) their current holdings for new notes of the GDB, to be
followed by an exchange of such new notes as part of a future global
restructuring of Puerto Rico s debt that includes the GDB s debt. As part of
the agreed key economic terms, creditors would agree to a haircut of 43.75% of
the face amount of the Old Notes in the Interim Exchange. In addition, as part
of the transaction, bondholders would agree to the proposed treatment of their
notes, in a second step exchange as part of a Global Restructuring, that would
result in an agreed haircut of 53% of the face amount of their Old Notes. The
proposed terms of the Interim      

137             

Exchange require 100%
participation by all bondholders, including, in addition to the Ad Hoc Group,
the state-chartered credit unions in Puerto Rico and other large institutional
groups in Puerto Rico.     

On June 14, 2016, the Puerto Rico Government presented a
revised proposal to creditors for restructuring general obligation debt, which
amounted to an 81% recovery rate, up from an initial offer of 78%.  As for the
two classes of COFINA debt (the debt backed by sales tax receipts), the Puerto
Rico Government offered a revised recovery rate of 80% on the senior COFINA
bonds, up from an initial 66% recovery rate.  On the subordinated COFINA bonds,
the revised proposal was for a 60% recovery rate versus an initial proposal of
a 47% recovery rate.  Under the revised proposal, the amount of money set aside
for debt servicing increased by $17 billion to $106.5 billion through the year
2071. Debt service costs would not exceed 18% of fiscal year 2016 adjusted
revenues or 15% in any year thereafter, assuming a nominal 2% economic growth. 
On June 21, 2016, the Puerto Rico Government announced that negotiations with
creditors ended without an agreement to restructure.       

On June 30,
2016, President Obama signed HR 5278 Bill, the  Puerto Rico Oversight,
Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), which aims to establish an
oversight board, a process for restructuring debt, and expedited procedures for
approving critical infrastructure projects in order to address the Puerto Rican
government fiscal situation. Among the main components of the bill are:   

-           
  The creation
of an Oversight Board consisting of seven voting members, along with the Puerto
Rico governor (or designee) who would serve as an ex-officio non-voting member.
The Oversight Board is responsible, among other things, for approving fiscal
plans and budgets as well as ensuring compliance with both. The Oversight Board
also has the ability to facilitate debt restructuring negotiations.    

-           
  Provides a mechanism for debt restructuring.  Before court supervised
restructuring is permitted, the Oversight Board must certify that 1) any entity
has made good faith efforts to reach a voluntary restructuring, 2) the entity
has adopted procedures to deliver timely audited financial statements and has
delivered drafts to any interested person to make an informed decision, 3) the
entity has a fiscal plan in place, and 4) no restructuring for that entity's
debt is already in place. The Oversight Board then has the exclusive authority
as a last resort to initiate a proceeding in court.   

-           
  All litigation against Puerto Rico and its instrumentalities will be on
hold until at least February 15, 2017 to give time for the government and debt
holders to reach voluntary agreements. This does not give the government the
right to skip payments.  

-           
  The Oversight Board will also be able to approve expedited permitting
and regulatory processes for specific infrastructure revitalization projects.
The projects must provide economic support, have access to private capital, and
address a need in Puerto Rico s current infrastructure.  

On August 31, 2016, the president of the United States
named   the seven voting members of the Oversight
Board that will manage Puerto Rico s finances for at least five years as
established by PROMESA. Also, on September 1, 2016, the Puerto Rico governor
named the non-voting member who will serve as his representative on PROMESA s
fiscal control board. In addition, on September 30, 2016, the Board members
listed the public entities to be placed under the Board s immediate oversight.
The entities placed under immediate control consist of: Puerto Rico s central
government, three retirement systems (teachers, judicial and employees), the
University of Puerto Rico and all public corporations, including the Aqueduct
and Sewer Authority, PREPA, the Puerto Rico Buildings Authority and the GDB.  

  As part of PROMESA, a Congressional Task Force on
Economic Growth in Puerto Rico was created.  This Task Force, consisting of
eight members, provided a status report to Congress on September 15, 2016 and no
later than December 31, 2016, must provide a status update that includes:  

  -   Impediments in
current Federal law and programs to economic growth in Puerto Rico, including
equitable access to Federal health care programs;  

  -  Recommended
changes to Federal law and programs that, if adopted, would serve to spur
sustainable long-term economic growth and job creation, reduce child poverty,
and attract investment in Puerto Rico;  

  - The economic
effect of Administrative Order No. 346 of the Department of Health of the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (relating to natural products, natural supplements,
and dietary supplements) or any successor or substantially similar order, rule,
or guidance of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and  

  - Additional
information the Task Force deems appropriate.   

138             

On June 30, 2016, pursuant to the debt moratorium law and, after the
enactment of PROMESA, the Puerto Rico governor issued two executive orders that
declare a moratorium on the payment obligations of the Commonwealth under its
general obligation and guaranteed debt, along with the payment obligations of
certain other issuers, until January 31, 2017, implement various cash and
liquidity preservation measures and protect the Commonwealth and its
instrumentalities from the exercise of creditor remedies as the Commonwealth
addresses its fiscal and economically challenging situation.  On July 1, 2016,
the Puerto Rico Government defaulted on a $780 million payment of general
obligation bonds (principal and interest, excluding general obligation notes
held by the GDB). Along with the general obligations, the Puerto Rico Infrastructure
Financing Authority defaulted on a $77.1 million payment on rum-tax bonds, the
Puerto Rico Highways and Transportation Authority defaulted on a $4.4 million
payment and the Puerto Rico Public Finance Corp. defaulted on a $1.4 million
payment.   The GDB and Puerto Rico Public
Buildings Authority bonds held by the Corporation are scheduled to mature on
February 1, 2019 and on July 1, 2028, respectively.  

        On August 1, 2016, the GDB
defaulted on a $28 million payment of interest due to its creditors, including
interest due on GDB bonds held by the Corporation.  In addition, on August 1,
2016, approximately $11 million corresponding to Puerto Rico Infrastructure
Financing Authority bond anticipation notes were missed, as well as a $1.5
million interest payment on general obligation bonds.   Moreover, an additional
approximately $50 million was not paid on the Public Financing Corporation s
bonds that first defaulted a year ago, resulting in an aggregate of more than
$140 million unpaid amounts . The GDB default marked the first time the GDB, or
any other agency or instrumentality, failed to pay interest on Puerto Rico
government bonds held by the Corporation. On October 1, 2016, the Puerto Rico
Public Building authority failed to make a full payment of interest due on its
obligation bonds, including bonds held by the Corporation. Generally, based on
specific facts and circumstances of the issuer, a default event requires us to
classify the defaulted bonds as a non-performing asset. Accordingly, during the
third quarter of 2016, bonds of the GDB and the Puerto Buildings Authority with
an aggregate fair value of $19.5 million ($35.6 million- amortized cost,
including accrued interest of $0.9 million) were classified as non-performing
and placed in non-accrual status by the Corporation. These bonds are held as
part of the available-for-sale securities portfolio.   

         In a
circular letter released on October 24, 2016, the Secretary of the Puerto Rico
Department of Treasury asked Puerto Rico s mayors and public corporation
executive directors and the public accountants assisting them in preparing
their financial statements to analyze their deposit accounts in the GDB and to
make the necessary adjustments to reflect the scenario of insolvency that is
facing the GDB. Funds of municipalities designated for the repayment of their
general bonds are deposited at another financial institution in Puerto Rico
protected by the deed of trust executed by GDB and CRIM in 2015.  

With respect to PREPA, the Puerto Rico
Energy Commission approved a new surcharge on customers to be used to pay debt
service on new securitization bonds proposed to be issued as part of the
PREPA s debt restructuring. A key component of PREPA s debt restructuring is
the issuance of new securitization bonds that will be exchanged for existing
PREPA bonds at a discount.   

      PROMESA is an important step towards reducing the
level of uncertainty in Puerto Rico and provides a groundwork for an orderly
debt restructuring process, however, ultimate outcomes of actions to address
the challenging Puerto Rico economic environment are uncertain at this time.    

      The decline in Puerto Rico s economy since 2006 has
resulted in, among other things, a decline in the Corporation s loan
originations, an increase in the level of non-performing assets, and higher
loan loss provisions and charge-offs, all of which have adversely affected our
profitability.  Any further potential deterioration of economic activity could
result in further adverse effects on the Corporation s profitability, credit
quality and financial results.  

139             

ITEM 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds    

a)             Not applicable.         

b)             Not applicable.   

c)              Purchase of equity securities by the
issuer and affiliated purchasers. The following table provides information
relating to the Corporation s purchases of shares of its common stock in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016.   

Maximum   

Total Number of   

Number of Shares   

Shares Purchased   

That May Yet be   

Average    

as Part of Publicly   

Purchased Under   

Total number of    

Price   

Announced Plans   

These Plans or   

Period   

shares purchased (1)   

Paid   

Or Programs   

Programs   

July, 2016  

18,047  

$  

4.22  

-  

-  

August, 2016  

25,785  

4.61  

-  

-  

September, 2016  

24,567  

4.97  

-  

-  

Total  

68,399  

$  

4.64  

-  

-  

(1)  

Reflects shares of common stock withheld from the common stock
  paid to certain senior officers as additional compensation, which the
  Corporation calls salary stock, and upon the vesting of restricted stock to
  cover minimum tax withholding obligations. The Corporation intends to
  continue to satisfy statutory tax withholding obligations in connection with
  shares paid as salary stock to certain senior officers and the vesting of
  outstanding restricted stock through the withholding of shares.  

140             

ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

Not applicable.   

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES    

Not applicable.   

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION    

Not applicable.   

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS     

See the Exhibit Index following the signature page to this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed with this report,
which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.   

141             

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Corporation has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized: 

First BanCorp.    

Registrant  

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Aurelio Alem n  

Aurelio Alem n  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Orlando Berges  

Orlando Berges  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

142             

Exhibit
Index   

143             

<EX-12>
 2
 fbp09302016x10q_ex121.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

</EX-12>

<EX-12>
 3
 fbp09302016x10q_ex122.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.2

Exhibit 12.2   

First BanCorp   

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to
  Fixed Charges and Preference Dividends   

Nine-Month Period Ended   

September 30, 2016    

Including
  Interest on Deposits   

Earnings:   

Pre-tax income from continuing operations  

$  

93,061  

Plus:  

Fixed Charges (excluding capitalized interest)  

81,084  

Total
  earnings   

$  

174,145  

Fixed
  Charges:   

Interest expensed and capitalized  

$  

78,284  

An estimate of the interest component within rental expense  

2,800  

Total fixed
  charges before preferred dividends   

$  

81,084  

Preferred
  dividends  

-  

Ratio of pre
  tax income to net income  

1.34  

Preferred
  dividend factor   

-  

Total fixed
  charges and preferred stock dividends   

$  

81,084  

Ratio of
  Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends   

2.15    

Excluding
  Interest on Deposits   

Earnings:   

Pre-tax income from continuing operations  

$  

93,061  

Plus:  

Fixed Charges (excluding capitalized interest)  

29,859  

Total
  earnings   

$  

122,920  

Fixed
  Charges:   

Interest expensed and capitalized  

$  

27,061  

An estimate of the interest component within rental expense  

2,800  

Total Fixed
  Charges before preferred dividends   

$  

29,861  

Preferred
  dividends  

-  

Ratio of pre
  tax income to net income  

1.34  

Preferred
  dividend factor   

-  

Total fixed
  charges and preferred stock dividends   

$  

29,861  

Ratio of
  Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends   

4.12    

</EX-12>

<EX-31>
 4
 fbp09302016x10q_ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1   

I,
Aurelio Alem n, certify that:   

1.        
  I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of
First BanCorp.;  

2.        
  Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.        
  Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.        
  The registrant's other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)      
  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;   

(b)      
  Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;  

(c)      
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

(d)      
  Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.        
  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)      
  All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)      
  Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:
  November 9, 2016  

By:  

/s/
  Aurelio Alem n  

Aurelio
  Alem n  

President
  and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 fbp09302016x10q_ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2   

I,
Orlando Berges, certify that:   

1.        
  I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of
First BanCorp.;  

2.        
  Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.        
  Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.        
  The registrant's other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)      
  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;   

(b)      
  Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;  

(c)      
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

(d)      
  Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.        
  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)      
  All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)      
  Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:
  November 9, 2016  

By:  

/s/
  Orlando Berges  

Orlando
  Berges  

Executive
  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 fbp09302016x10q_ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1   

CERTIFICATION   

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 
(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of
Title 18, 
United States Code)       

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of
Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of First BanCorp., a
Puerto Rico corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s
knowledge, that:   

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the
 Form l0-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section
l3(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained
in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
  November 9, 2016  

/s/
  Aurelio Alem n  

Name:
  Aurelio Alem n  

Title:
  President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 fbp09302016x10q_ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2   

CERTIFICATION  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 
(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of
Title 18, 
United States Code)       

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of
Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of First BanCorp., a
Puerto Rico corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s
knowledge, that:   

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the
 Form l0-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section
l3(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained
in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  November 9, 2016  

/s/ Orlando Berges  

Name: Orlando Berges  

Title: Executive Vice
  President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 fbp-20160930.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fbp-20160930.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fbp-20160930_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fbp-20160930_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fbp-20160930_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fbp-20160930_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

