<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161129_10-K_edgar_data_866706_0001144204-16-136902_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8868231</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>275700</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>476358</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2593965</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3832834</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1470456</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>134</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-136902.hdr.sgml : 20161129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161129135510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-136902
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866706
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				431554045
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10596
		FILM NUMBER:		162022219

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9900 A CLAYTON RD
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63124
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3142137200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9900 A CLAYTON RD
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESCO ELECTRONICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-136902.txt : 20161129

10-K
 1
 v452945_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 10-K  

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from _____ to_____ 

Commission file number: 1-10596 

ESCO Technologies
Inc.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

 (314) 213-7200 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Name of each exchange   
 
       Title of each class   
         
       on which registered    
 
      Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share  
       
      New York Stock Exchange   

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   x   Yes         No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x   Yes         No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   x   Yes         No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form l0-K or any amendment to this Form l0-K.   x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer   x  
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).       Yes
  x   No  

Aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant as of the close of trading on March 31, 2016, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter: approximately $979,784,000.* 

* Based on the New York Stock Exchange closing price.
For purpose of this calculation only, without determining whether the following are affiliates of the registrant, the registrant
has assumed that (i) its directors and executive officers are affiliates, and (ii) no party who has filed a Schedule 13D or 13G
is an affiliate. 

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at November 3, 2016:
25,720,461 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Part III of this Report incorporates by reference certain portions
of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which the registrant currently
anticipates first sending to shareholders on or about December 14, 2016 (hereinafter, the  2016 Proxy Statement ). 

INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K  

Page   

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION    
      ii   

PART I    

1.  
       Business   
      1   

The Company   
      1   

Discontinued Operations   
      2   

Products   
      2   

Marketing and Sales   
      4   

Intellectual Property   
      4   

Backlog   
      5   

Purchased Components and Raw Materials   
      5   

Competition   
      5   

Research and Development   
      6   

Environmental Matters   
      6   

Government Contracts   
      6   

Employees   
      6   

Financing   
      6   

Available Information   
      7   

Executive Officers of the Registrant   
      7   
 
      1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      7   
 
      1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      12   
 
      2.  
       Properties   
      13   
 
      3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      15   
 
      4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      15   

PART II    

5.  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      16   
 
      6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
      18   
 
      7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      18   
 
      7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      31   
 
      8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      31   
 
      9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      31   
 
      9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      31   
 
      9B.  
       Other Information   
      32   

PART III    

10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      33   
 
      11.  
       Executive Compensation   
      33   
 
      12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      33   
 
      13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      34   
 
      14.  
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
      34   

PART IV    

15.  
       Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   
      35   

SIGNATURES    
      40   

FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
      F-1   

EXHIBITS    

i       

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

Statements contained in this Form 10-K regarding future
events and the Company s future results that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections
about the Company s performance and the industries in which the Company operates are considered
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Federal securities laws.
These include, without limitation, statements about: the adequacy of the Company s buildings, machinery and equipment;
the adequacy of the Company s credit facilities and future cash flows; the outcome of litigation, claims and charges;
future costs relating to environmental matters; continued reinvestment of foreign earnings and the resulting U.S. tax
liability in the event such earnings are repatriated; repayment of debt within the next twelve months; the outlook for 2017
and beyond, including amounts, timing and sources of 2017 sales, revenues, sales growth, EBIT, EBITDA, EBIT margins and EPS;
interest on Company debt obligations; the ability of expected hedging gains or losses to be offset by losses or gains on
related underlying exposures; the Company s ability to increase shareholder value; acquisitions; the Company s
expected effective tax rate; minimum cash funding required by, expected benefits payable from, and Management s
assumptions about future events which could affect liability under, the Company s defined benefit plans and other
postretirement benefit plans; the recognition of unrecognized compensation costs related to share-based compensation
arrangements; the Company s exposure to market risk related to interest rates and to foreign currency exchange risk;
the likelihood of future variations in the Company s assumptions or estimates used in recording contracts and expected
costs at completion under the percentage of completion method; the Company s estimates and assumptions used in the
preparation of its financial statements; cost and estimated earnings on long-term contracts; valuation of inventories;
estimates of uncollectible accounts receivable; the risk of goodwill impairment; the Company s estimates utilized in
software revenue recognition and the amortization of intangible assets; the valuation of deferred tax assets; amounts of NOL
not realizable and the timing and amount of the reduction of unrecognized tax benefits; the effects of implementing recently
issued accounting pronouncements; and any other statements contained herein which are not strictly historical. Words such as
expects, anticipates, targets, goals, projects, intends, plans, believes, estimates, variations of such words, and similar
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. 

Investors are cautioned that such statements are only predictions
and speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K, and the Company undertakes no duty to update the information in this Form 10-K
except as may be required by applicable laws or regulations. The Company s actual results in the future may differ materially
from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties that exist in the Company s operations
and business environment, including but not limited to those described herein under  Item 1A, Risk Factors,  and the
following: Aclara s continuing ability to perform contracts guaranteed by the Company; the impacts of labor disputes, civil
disorder, wars, elections, political changes, terrorist activities or natural disasters on the Company s operations and those
of the Company s customers and suppliers; the timing and content of future customer orders; the appropriation and allocation
of government funds; the termination for convenience of government and other customer contracts; the timing and magnitude of future
contract awards; weakening of economic conditions in served markets; the success of the Company s competitors; changes in
customer demands or customer insolvencies; competition; intellectual property rights; technical difficulties; the availability
of selected acquisitions; delivery delays or defaults by customers; performance issues with key customers, suppliers and subcontractors;
material changes in the costs of certain raw materials; material changes in the cost of credit; changes in laws and regulations
including but not limited to changes in accounting standards and taxation requirements; costs relating to environmental matters;
litigation uncertainty; and the Company s successful execution of internal restructuring and other plans. 

ii       

PART I 

Item 1.  Business 

The Company 

The Registrant, ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESCO), is a producer of
engineered products and systems sold to customers worldwide, primarily for utility, industrial, aerospace and commercial applications.
ESCO conducts its business through a number of wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries. ESCO and its subsidiaries are referred
to in this Report as  the Company.  

ESCO was incorporated in Missouri in August 1990 as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Emerson Electric Co. (Emerson) to be the indirect holding company for several Emerson subsidiaries, which were primarily
in the defense business. Ownership of the Company was spun off by Emerson to its shareholders on October 19, 1990, through a special
distribution. Since that time, through a series of acquisitions and divestitures, the Company has shifted its primary focus from
defense contracting to the production and supply of engineered products and systems marketed to utility, industrial, aerospace
and commercial users. 

The Company s fiscal year ends September 30. Throughout this
document, unless the context indicates otherwise, references to a year (for example 2016) refer to the Company s fiscal year
ending on September 30 of that year. 

The Company is organized based on the products and services it offers,
and classifies its business operations in segments for financial reporting purposes. Beginning in the second quarter of 2016 Management
expanded the presentation of its reporting segments to include a fourth segment, Technical Packaging. This segment was created
to separately disclose Thermoform Engineered Quality LLC along with the recently acquired Plastique and Fremont businesses discussed
below, as they no longer met the criteria for aggregation with the Filtration/Fluid Flow reporting segment. Prior period segment
amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

The Company s four segments, together with the significant domestic and foreign operating
subsidiaries within each segment during 2016, are as follows: 

Filtration/Fluid Flow (Filtration):   

 Crissair, Inc. (Crissair) 

 PTI Technologies Inc. (PTI) 

 VACCO Industries (VACCO) 

 Westland Technologies Inc. (Westland) 

RF Shielding and Test (Test):   

 Beijing Lindgren ElectronMagnetic Technology Co., Ltd. 

 ETS-Lindgren Inc. 

 ETS-Lindgren OY 

ETS-Lindgren Inc. and the Company s other Test subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as  ETS-Lindgren.  

Utility Solutions Group (USG):  

 Doble Engineering Company 

 Doble PowerTest Ltd. 

 Doble TransiNor AS 

Doble Engineering Company and the Company s other
USG subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as  Doble.  

Aclara Technologies LLC, formerly a part of this segment,
was characterized as discontinued operations beginning in the third quarter of 2013 and was divested in the second quarter of 2014.
See the next section,  Discontinued Operations,  and Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 

Technical Packaging:   

 Thermoform Engineered Quality LLC (TEQ) 

 Plastique Limited 

 Plastique Sp. z o.o. 

Plastique Limited and Plastique Sp. z o.o. are together referred to herein as  Plastique.  

The Company s operating subsidiaries are engaged primarily
in the research, development, manufacture, sale and support of the products and systems described below. Their respective businesses
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including without limitation those discussed in Item 1A,  Risk Factors. 
See also Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  and
 Forward-Looking Information.  

ESCO is continually seeking ways to save costs, streamline its business
processes and enhance the branding of its products and services. During 2014 the Company merged Canyon Engineering Products, Inc.
(Canyon) into Crissair and consolidated Crissair s operations into Canyon s facility in Valencia, California. In October
2015 the Company announced several restructuring and realignment actions involving the Test and USG segments which were completed
during 2016, including: closing ETS-Lindgren s operating subsidiaries in Germany and the United Kingdom and consolidating
their operations into other existing Test facilities; eliminating certain underperforming product line offerings in Test primarily
related to lower margin international shielding end markets; reducing headcount in Test s U.S. business; and closing Doble s
Brazil operating office and consolidating Doble s South American sales and support activities. 

ESCO is also continually seeking opportunities to
supplement its growth by making strategic acquisitions. During 2016, the Company acquired Westland, a market leader in the
design, development and manufacture of elastomeric-based signature reduction solutions for U.S. Naval maritime platforms;
Plastique, a market leader in the development and manufacture of highly-technical thermoformed plastic and precision molded
pulp fiber packaging primarily for the pharmaceutical, personal care, and other specialty end markets; and Fremont Plastics,
Inc. (Fremont), an Indiana-based manufacturer of high quality sterile-ready and non-sterile thin gauge thermoformed medical
plastic packaging products which has been merged into TEQ. More information about these 2016 acquisitions as well as the
Company s acquisition activity during 2015 is provided in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. The
Company did not make any acquisitions during 2014. 

Discontinued Operations 

During the third quarter of 2013, the Company s Board of Directors
approved the initiation of a process to sell that portion of the Company s USG segment represented by Aclara Technologies
LLC and two related entities (together, Aclara). Aclara is a leading supplier of data communications systems and related software
used by electric, gas and water utilities in support of their advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) deployments, typically encompassing
the utility s entire service area. Aclara s largest contracts, such as those with Pacific Gas   Electric Company
and Southern California Gas Co., each involve several million end points. The sale of Aclara was completed during the second quarter
of 2014. 

Prior to the sale Aclara constituted a component of the Company
with operations and cash flows that were clearly distinguishable, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the
rest of the entity. Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes Aclara is reflected for 2014 and 2015 as discontinued operations.
Unless otherwise specifically stated, all operating results presented in this report are exclusive of discontinued operations. 

Products 

The Company s principal products are described below. See
Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for financial information regarding business segments and 10%
customers. 

Filtration   

The Filtration segment accounted for approximately 36%, 37% and
37% of the Company s total revenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

PTI is a leading supplier of filtration and fluid control products
serving the commercial aerospace, military aerospace and various industrial markets. Products include filter elements, manifolds,
assemblies, modules, indicators and other related components. All products must meet stringent qualification requirements and withstand
severe operating conditions. Product applications include: hydraulic, fuel, cooling and air filtration systems for fixed wing and
rotary aircraft, mobile transportation and construction equipment, aircraft engines and stationary plant equipment. PTI supplies
products worldwide to original equipment manufacturers and the U.S. government under long term contracts, and to the commercial
and military aftermarket through distribution channels. 

VACCO supplies filtration and fluid control products including valves,
manifolds, filters, regulators and various other components for use in the space, military aerospace, defense missile systems,
U.S. Navy and commercial industries. Applications include aircraft fuel and de-icing systems, missiles, satellite propulsion systems,
satellite launch vehicles and other space transportation systems such as the Space Launch System. VACCO also utilizes its multi-fab
technology and capabilities to produce products for use in space and U.S. Navy applications. 

Crissair supplies a wide variety of custom and standard valves,
actuators, manifolds and other various components to the aerospace, defense, automotive and commercial industries. Product applications
include hydraulic, fuel and air filtration systems for commercial and military fixed wing and rotary aircraft, defense missile
systems and commercial engines. Crissair supplies products worldwide to original equipment manufacturers and to the U.S. Government
under long term contracts and to the commercial aftermarket through distribution channels. 

Westland is a leading designer and manufacturer of elastomeric-based
signature reduction solutions to enhance U.S. Navy maritime survivability. Westland s products include complex tiles and
other shock and vibration dampening systems that reduce passive acoustic signatures and/or modify signal (radar, infrared, acoustical,
sonar) emission and reflection to reduce or obscure a vessel s signature. Westland s products are used on the majority
of the U.S. Naval fleet including submarines, surface ships and aircraft carriers. 

Test   

The Test segment accounted for approximately 28%, 33% and 34% of
the Company s total revenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

ETS-Lindgren designs and manufactures products to measure and contain
magnetic, electromagnetic and acoustic energy. It supplies customers with a broad range of isolated environments and turnkey systems,
including RF test facilities, acoustic test enclosures, RF and magnetically shielded rooms, secure communication facilities, RF
measurement systems and broadcast and recording studios. Many of these facilities include proprietary features such as shielded
doors and windows. ETS-Lindgren also provides the design, program management, installation and integration services required to
successfully complete these types of facilities. 

ETS-Lindgren also supplies customers with a broad range of components
including RF absorptive materials, RF filters, active compensation systems, antennas, antenna masts, turntables and electric and
magnetic probes, RF test cells, proprietary measurement software and other test accessories required to perform a variety of tests.
ETS-Lindgren offers a variety of services including calibration for antennas and field probes, chamber certification, field surveys,
customer training and a variety of product tests. ETS-Lindgren s test labs are accredited by the following organizations:
American Association for Laboratory Accreditation, National Voluntary Laboratory Accreditation Program and CTIA-The Wireless Association
Accredited Test Lab. ETS-Lindgren serves the acoustics, medical, health and safety, electronics, wireless communications, automotive
and defense markets. 

USG   

Revenue from Doble s various products and services accounted
for approximately 22%, 23% and 22% of the Company s total revenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Doble develops, manufactures, and delivers diagnostic testing
solutions for electrical equipment comprising the electric power grid, and enterprise management systems, that are designed
to optimize electrical power assets and system performance, minimize risk and improve operations. It combines three core
elements for customers   diagnostic test and monitoring instruments, expert consulting, and testing services  
and provides access to its large reserve of related empirical knowledge. Doble flagship solutions include protection
diagnostics with the Doble Protection Suite and F6000 series, the M4100 and new transformational patent-pending technology of
the M7100 Doble Tester, the dobleARMS  asset risk management system, and Doble s Enoserv PowerBase  and DUCe
compliance tools for the North American Electric Reliability Corporation Critical Infrastructure Protection plan (NERC CIP),
a set of requirements designed to secure the assets required for operating North America s bulk electric system. 

Doble has been operating for over 90 years, and serves over 5,500
companies in over 110 countries. It has seven offices in the United States and nine international offices. 

Technical Packaging   

The Technical Packaging segment accounted for approximately 13%,
7% and 7% of the Company s total revenue of the Company s total revenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Prior
to 2016 the Technical Packaging business was included in the Filtration segment. 

TEQ produces highly engineered thermoformed products and packaging
materials for medical, pharmaceutical, retail, food and electronic applications. Through its alliance partner program, TEQ also
provides its clients with a total packaging solution including engineering services and testing, sealing equipment and tooling,
contract manufacturing, and packing. In October 2015, TEQ s business was significantly expanded through the Company s
acquisition of Fremont, a developer and manufacturer of high quality sterile-ready and non-sterile thin gauge thermoformed medical
plastic packaging products. 

Plastique, with locations in the UK and Poland, designs and
manufactures plastic and pulp fibre packaging for customers in the personal care, household products, pharmaceutical, food
and broader retail markets. Through its Fibrepak brand, Plastique became the first European manufacturer of smooth-surfaced
press-to-dry pulp packaging, a sustainable alternative to plastic packaging. 

Marketing and Sales  

The Company s products generally are distributed to customers
through a domestic and foreign network of distributors, sales representatives, direct sales teams and in-house sales personnel. 

The Company s sales to international customers accounted for
approximately $168 million (29%), $152 million (28%) and $157 million (30%) of the Company s total revenue in 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for financial information regarding
geographic areas. See also Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  for a discussion of risks of the Company s international
operations. 

Some of the Company s products are sold directly or indirectly
to the U.S. Government under contracts with the Army, Navy and Air Force and subcontracts with prime contractors of such entities.
Direct and indirect sales to the U.S. Government, primarily related to the Filtration segment, accounted for approximately 14%,
15% and 19% of the Company s total revenue in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Intellectual Property  

The Company owns or has other rights in various forms of intellectual
property (i.e., patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, mask works, trade secrets and other items). As a major supplier
of engineered products to industrial and commercial markets, the Company emphasizes developing intellectual property and protecting
its rights therein. However, the scope of protection afforded by intellectual property rights, including those of the Company,
is often uncertain and involves complex legal and factual issues. Some intellectual property rights, such as patents, have only
a limited term. Also, there can be no assurance that third parties will not infringe or design around the Company s intellectual
property. Policing unauthorized use of intellectual property is difficult, and infringement and misappropriation are persistent
problems for many companies, particularly in some international markets. In addition, the Company may not elect to pursue an unauthorized
user due to the high costs and uncertainties associated with litigation. Further, there can be no assurance that courts will ultimately
hold issued patents or other intellectual property valid and enforceable. See Item 1A,  Risk Factors.  

A number of products in the Filtration segment are based on
patented or otherwise proprietary technology that sets them apart from the competition, such as VACCO s proprietary
quieting technology and Westland s signature reduction solutions. 

In the Test segment, patent protection has been sought for significant
inventions. Examples of such inventions include novel designs for window and door assemblies used in shielded enclosures and anechoic
chambers, improved acoustic techniques for sound isolation and a variety of unique antennas. In addition, the Test segment holds
a number of patents, and has patents pending, on products used to perform wireless device testing. 

In the USG segment, the segment policy is to seek patent and/or
other forms of intellectual property protection on new and improved products, components of products and methods of operation for
its businesses, as such developments are made. Doble is pursuing patent protection on improvements to its line of diagnostic equipment
and NERC CIP compliance tools. Doble also holds an extensive library of apparatus performance information useful to Doble employees
and to entities that generate, distribute or consume electric energy. Doble makes part of this library available to registered
users via an Internet portal. 

The Technical Packaging segment emphasizes advanced manufacturing
technology and methods. For example, the TEQ 3-in-1 tooling system, with an added staking tool, provides a competitive edge over
traditional thermoform tooling; and Plastique s  Cure-In-The-Mold  technology produces high-quality, smooth-surface,
thin-wall packaging products which may be made from sustainable virgin crop fibers or virgin pulp. The segment s intellectual
property consists chiefly of trade secrets and proprietary technology embodied in products for which the Company is the only approved
source, such as the TEQconnex TM  and TEQethelyene TM  single polymer sterile barrier medical packaging systems
for which TEQ owns the validation studies required to register the package with the FDA. 

The Company considers its patents and other intellectual property
to be of significant value in each of its segments. 

Backlog  

Total Company backlog of firm orders at September 30, 2016
was $332.4 million, representing an increase of $4.9 million (2%) from the backlog of $327.5 million on September 30, 2015.
The backlog at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, by segment, was: $195.8 million and $178.8 million
for Filtration; $83.1 million and $95.1 million for Test; $33.8 million and $36.3 million for USG; and $19.7 million and
$17.3 million for Technical Packaging. The Company estimates that as of September 30, 2016 domestic customers accounted
for approximately 73% of the Company s total firm orders and international customers accounted for approximately 27%.
Of the total Company backlog at September 30, 2016, approximately 76% is expected to be completed in the fiscal year
ending September 30, 2017. 

Purchased Components and Raw Materials  

The Company s products require a wide variety of components
and materials. Although the Company has multiple sources of supply for most of its materials requirements, certain components and
raw materials are supplied by sole source vendors, and the Company s ability to perform certain contracts depends on their
performance. In the past, these required raw materials and various purchased components generally have been available in sufficient
quantities. However, the Company does have some risk of shortages of materials or components due to reliance on sole or limited
sources of supply. See Item 1A,  Risk Factors.  

The Filtration segment purchases supplies from a wide array of vendors.
In most instances, multiple vendors of raw materials are screened during a qualification process to ensure that there will not
be an interruption of supply should one of them discontinue operations. Nonetheless, in some situations, there is a risk of shortages
due to reliance on a limited number of suppliers or because of price fluctuations due to the nature of the raw materials. For example,
aerospace-grade titanium and gaseous helium, important raw materials for our Filtration segment subsidiaries, may at times be in
short supply. 

The Test segment is a vertically integrated supplier of electro-magnetic
(EM) shielding and RF absorbing products, producing most of its critical RF components. This segment purchases significant quantities
of raw materials such as polyurethane foam, polystyrene beads, steel, aluminum, copper, nickel and wood. Accordingly, it is subject
to price fluctuations in the worldwide raw materials markets, although ETS-Lindgren has long-term contracts with a number of its
suppliers of certain raw materials. 

The USG segment manufactures electronic instrumentation through
a network of regional contract manufacturers under long term contracts. In general, Doble purchases the same kinds of component
parts as do other electronic products manufacturers, and purchases only a limited amount of raw materials. 

The Technical Packaging segment selects suppliers initially on the
basis of their ability to meet requirements, and then conducts ongoing evaluations and ratings of the supplier s performance
based on a documented evaluation process. The segment purchases raw materials according to a documented and controlled process
assuring that purchased materials meet defined specifications. Thermoplastics represent the largest percentage of raw material
spend, with purchase prices subject to fluctuation depending on petrochemical industry pricing and capacity in the plastic resin
market. 

Competition  

Competition in the Company s major markets is broadly based
and global in scope. Competition can be particularly intense during periods of economic slowdown, and this has been experienced
in some of our markets. Although the Company is a leading supplier in several of the markets it serves, it maintains a relatively
small share of the business in many of the other markets it serves. Individual competitors range in size from annual revenues of
less than $1 million to billion-dollar enterprises. Because of the specialized nature of the Company s products, its competitive
position with respect to its products cannot be precisely stated. In the Company s major served markets, competition is driven
primarily by quality, technology, price and delivery performance. See also Item 1A,  Risk Factors.  

Primary competitors of the Filtration segment include Pall Corporation,
Moog, Inc., Sofrance, CLARCOR Inc. and PneuDraulics. 

The Test segment is a global leader in EM shielding. Significant
competitors in this market include Rohde   Schwarz GMBH, Microwave Vision SA (MVG), TDK RF Solutions Inc., Albatross GmbH,
IMEDCO AG and Cuming Microwave Corporation. 

Doble s significant competitors in diagnostic test equipment
include OMICRON electronics Corp., Megger Group Limited and Qualitrol Company LLC (a subsidiary of Danaher Corporation). 

Primary Competitors of the Technical Packaging segment include Nelipak
Corporation, Prent Corporation, Placon Corporation and Sonoco /Alloyd. 

Research and Development  

Research and development and the Company s technological expertise
are important factors in the Company s business. Research and development programs are designed to develop technology for
new products or to extend or upgrade the capability of existing products, and to enhance their commercial potential. The Company
performs research and development at its own expense, and also engages in research and development funded by customers. 

Total Company-sponsored research and development expenses were approximately
$12.9 million, $16.7 million and $16.9 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Total customer-sponsored research and development
expenses were approximately $7.0 million, $6.8 million and $3.6 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. All of the foregoing
expense amounts exclude certain engineering costs primarily associated with product line extensions, modifications and maintenance,
which amounted to approximately $11.5 million, $13.9 million and $20.5 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Environmental Matters  

The Company is involved in various stages of investigation and
cleanup relating to environmental matters. It is very difficult to estimate the potential costs of such matters and the
possible impact of these costs on the Company at this time due in part to: the uncertainty regarding the extent of pollution;
the complexity and changing nature of Government laws and regulations and their interpretations; the varying costs
and effectiveness of alternative cleanup technologies and methods; the uncertain level of insurance or other types of
cost recovery; the uncertain level of the Company s responsibility for any contamination; the possibility of joint
and several liability with other contributors under applicable law; and the ability of other contributors to make
required contributions toward cleanup costs. Based on information currently available, the Company does not believe that the
aggregate costs involved in the resolution of any of its environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on
the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

Government Contracts  

The Company contracts with the U.S. Government and subcontracts
with prime contractors of the U.S. Government. Although VACCO and Westland have a number of  cost-plus  Government
contracts, the Company s Government contracts also include firm fixed-price contracts under which work is performed and paid
for at a fixed amount without adjustment for the actual costs experienced in connection with the contracts. All Government prime
contracts and virtually all of the Company s Government subcontracts provide that they may be terminated at the convenience
of the Government or the customer. Upon such termination, the Company is normally entitled to receive equitable compensation from
the customer. See  Marketing and Sales  in this Item 1, and Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  for additional information
regarding Government contracts and related risks. 

Employees  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company employed 2,643 persons, including
2,419 full time employees. Of the Company s full-time employees, 1,840 were located in the United States and 579 were located
in 22 foreign countries. 

Financing  

For information about the Company s credit facility, see Item
7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
Bank Credit Facility,  and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, which are incorporated into this
Item by reference. 

Available Information  

The Company makes available free of charge on or through its Internet
website,  www.escotechnologies.com , its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form
8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Information contained on the Company s website is not incorporated into this Report. 

Executive Officers of the Registrant  

The following sets forth certain information as of November 1, 2016
with respect to the Company s executive officers. These officers are elected annually to terms which expire at the first
meeting of the Board of Directors after the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position(s)    

Victor L. Richey  
       
      59  
       
      Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer since April 2003; President since October 2006 *   

Gary E. Muenster  
       
      56  
       
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2008; Director since February 2011   

Alyson S. Barclay  
       
      57  
       
      Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel since November 2008   

* Mr. Richey also serves as Chairman
of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors. 

There are no family relationships among any of the executive officers
and directors. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

This Form 10-K, including Item 1,  Business,  Item 2,
 Properties,  Item 3,  Legal Proceedings,  Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  and Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk,  contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the federal
securities laws, as described under  Forward-Looking Statements  above. 

In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed in that section
and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following important risk factors could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements, or could otherwise adversely affect the Company s business, operating
results or financial condition: 

Our sales of products to the Government depend upon continued
Government funding.   

Sales to the U.S. Government and its prime contractors and
subcontractors represent a significant portion of our business. Over the past three fiscal years, from 14% to 19% of our
revenues from continuing operations have been generated from sales to the U.S. Government or its contractors, primarily
within our Filtration segment. These sales are dependent on government funding of the underlying programs, which is generally
subject to annual Congressional appropriations. There could be reductions or terminations of, or delays in, the government
funding on programs which apply to us or our customers. These funding effects could adversely affect our sales and profit,
and could bring about a restructuring of our operations, which could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. A significant part of VACCO s and Westland s sales involve major U.S. Government programs such as NASA s Space Launch System (SLS) and the U.S. Navy s submarine program. A reduction or delay in
Government spending on these programs could have a significant adverse impact on our financial results which could extend for
more than a single year. For example, VACCO s immediate customer for SLS parts informed it late in 2014 that 2015
orders would be lower than in 2014 because NASA had decided to smooth its SLS spending over the following three years. 

Negative worldwide economic conditions and related credit
shortages could result in a decrease in our sales and an increase in our operating costs, which could adversely affect our business
and operating results.   

If there is a worsening of global and U.S. economic and
financial market conditions and additional tightening of global credit markets, as has been experienced recently in certain
Asian and European countries, many of our customers may further delay or reduce their purchases of our products.
Uncertainties in the global economy may cause the utility industry and commercial market customers to experience shortages in
available credit, which could limit capital spending. To the extent this problem affects customers of our USG and Test
segments, the sales and profits of these segments could be adversely affected. Likewise, if our suppliers face challenges in
obtaining credit, they may have to increase their prices or become unable to continue to offer the products and services we
use to manufacture our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Our quarterly results may fluctuate substantially.   

We have experienced variability in quarterly results and believe
our quarterly results will continue to fluctuate as a result of many factors, including the size and timing of customer orders,
governmental approvals and funding levels, changes in existing taxation rules or practices, the gain or loss of significant customers,
timing and levels of new product developments, shifts in product or sales channel mix, increased competition and pricing pressure,
and general economic conditions. 

A significant part of our manufacturing operations depends
on a small number of third-party suppliers.   

A significant part of our manufacturing operations relies on a
small number of third-party manufacturers to supply component parts or products. For example, Doble
has arrangements with four manufacturers which produce and supply substantially all of its end-products. One of these
suppliers produces more than 50% of Doble s products from a single location within the United States. A significant
disruption in the supply of those products could negatively affect the timely delivery of products to customers as well as
future sales, which could increase costs and reduce margins. 

Certain of our other businesses are dependent upon sole source or
a limited number of third-party manufacturers of parts and components. Many of these suppliers are small businesses. Since alternative
supply sources are limited, there is an increased risk of adverse impacts on our production schedules and profits if our suppliers
were to default in fulfilling their price, quality or delivery obligations. In addition, some of our customers or potential customers
may prefer to purchase from a supplier which does not have such a limited number of sources of supply. 

Increases in prices of raw material and components, and decreased
availability of such items, could adversely affect our business.   

The cost of raw materials and product components is a major element
of the total cost of many of our products. For example, our Test segment s critical components rely on purchases of raw materials
from third parties. Increases in the prices of raw materials (such as steel, copper, nickel, zinc, wood and petrochemical products)
could have an adverse impact on our business by, among other things, increasing costs and reducing margins. Aerospace-grade titanium
and gaseous helium, important raw materials for our Filtration segment, may at times be in short supply. Further, many of Doble s
items of equipment which are provided to its customers for their use are in the maturity of their life cycles, which creates the
risk that replacement components may be unavailable or available only at increased costs. 

In addition, our reliance on sole or limited sources of supply of
raw materials and components in each of our segments could adversely affect our business, as described in the preceding Risk Factor.
Weather-created disruptions in supply, in addition to affecting costs, could impact our ability to procure an adequate supply of
these raw materials and components, and delay or prevent deliveries of products to our customers. 

Our international operations expose us to fluctuations in
currency exchange rates that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.   

We have significant manufacturing and sales activities in foreign
countries, and our domestic operations have sales to foreign customers. Our financial results may be affected by fluctuations in
foreign currencies and by the translation of the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries from local currencies into U.S.
dollars. In addition, a rise in the dollar against foreign currencies could make our products more expensive for foreign customers
and cause them to reduce the volume of their purchases. 

Failure or delay in new product development could reduce our
future sales.   

Much of our business is dependent on the continuous
development of new products and technologies to meet the changing needs of our markets on a cost-effective basis. Many of
these markets are highly technical from an engineering standpoint, and the relevant technologies are subject to rapid change.
If we fail to timely enhance existing products or develop new products as needed to meet market or competitive demands, we
could lose sales opportunities, which would adversely affect our business. In addition, in some existing contracts with
customers, we have made commitments to develop and deliver new products. If we fail to meet these commitments, the default
could result in the imposition on us of contractual penalties including termination. Our inability to enhance existing
products in a timely manner could make our products less competitive, while our inability to successfully develop new
products may limit our growth opportunities. Development of new products and product enhancements may also require us to make
greater investments in research and development than we now do, and the increased costs associated with new product
development and product enhancements could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, our costs of new product
development may not be recoverable if demand for our products is not as great as we anticipate it to be. 

Changes in testing standards could adversely impact our Test
and USG segments  sales.   

A significant portion of the business of our Test and USG segments
involves sales to technology customers who need to have a third party verify that their products meet specific international and
domestic test standards. If regulatory agencies were to eliminate or reduce certain domestic or international test standards, or
if demand for product testing from these customers were to decrease for some other reason, our sales could be adversely affected.
For example, if Wi-Fi technology in mobile phones were to be superseded by a new communications technology, then there might be
no need for certain testing on mobile phones; or if a regulatory authority were to relax the test standards for certain electronic
devices because they were determined not to interfere with the broadcast spectrum, our sales of certain testing products could
be significantly reduced. 

The end of customer product life cycles could negatively affect
our Filtration segment s results.   

Many of our Filtration segment products are sold to be components
in our customers  end-products. If a customer discontinues a certain end-product line, our ability to continue to sell those
components will be reduced or eliminated. The result could be a significant decrease in our sales. For example, a substantial portion
of PTI s revenue is generated from commercial aviation aftermarket sales. As certain aircraft are retired and replaced by
newer aircraft, there could be a corresponding decrease in sales associated with our current products. Such a decrease could adversely
affect our operating results. 

Product defects could result in costly fixes, litigation and
damages.   

Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that
are inherent in the design, manufacture and sale of our products and the products of third-party vendors which we use or resell.
If there are claims related to defective products (under warranty or otherwise), particularly in a product recall situation, we
could be faced with significant expenses in replacing or repairing the product. For example, the Filtration segment obtains raw
materials, machined parts and other product components from suppliers who provide certifications of quality which we rely on. Should
these product components be defective and pass undetected into finished products, or should a finished product contain a defect,
we could incur significant costs for repairs, re-work and/or removal and replacement of the defective product. In addition, if
a dispute over product claims cannot be settled, arbitration or litigation may result, requiring us to incur attorneys  fees
and exposing us to the potential of damage awards against us. 

We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates
or complete acquisitions successfully, which may inhibit our rate of growth.   

As part of
our growth strategy, we plan to continue to pursue acquisitions of other companies, assets and product lines that either complement
or expand our existing business. However, we may be unable to implement this strategy if we are unable to identify suitable acquisition
candidates or consummate future acquisitions at acceptable prices and terms. We expect to face competition for acquisitions candidates
which may limit the number of acquisition opportunities available to us and may result in higher acquisition prices. As a result,
we may be limited in the number of acquisitions which we are able to complete and we may face difficulties in achieving the profitability
or cash flows needed to justify our investment in them.  

Our acquisitions of other companies carry risk.   

Acquisitions of other companies involve numerous risks,
including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies and products of the acquired companies, the
potential exposure to unanticipated and undisclosed liabilities, the potential that expected benefits or synergies are not
realized and that operating costs increase, the potential loss of key personnel, suppliers or customers of acquired
businesses and the diversion of Management s time and attention from other business concerns. Although we attempt to
identify and evaluate the risks inherent in any acquisition, we may not properly ascertain or mitigate all such risks,
and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may incur significant costs, experience short term inefficiencies,
or be unable to realize expected long term savings from facility consolidations and other business reorganizations.   

We periodically assess the cost and operational structure of our
facilities in order to manufacture and sell our products in the most efficient manner, and based on these assessments, we may from
time to time reorganize, relocate or consolidate certain of our facilities. These actions may require us to incur significant costs
and may result in short term business inefficiencies as we consolidate and close facilities and transition our employees; and in
addition, we may not achieve the expected long term benefits. Any or all of these factors could result in an adverse impact on
our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 

The trading price of our common stock continues to be volatile
and may result in investors selling shares of our common stock at a loss.   

The trading price of our common stock is volatile and subject to
wide fluctuations in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those described in this
section and including but not limited to: actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; changes in financial
estimates by securities analysts that cover our stock or our failure to meet those estimates; substantial sales of our common stock
by our existing shareholders; and general stock market conditions. In recent years the stock markets in general have experienced
dramatic price and volume fluctuations, which may continue indefinitely, and changes in industry, general economic or market conditions
could harm the price of our stock regardless of our operating performance. 

The Company has guaranteed certain Aclara contracts.   

In the normal course of business during the time that
Aclara was our subsidiary, we agreed to provide guarantees of Aclara s performance under certain real property leases,
certain vendor contacts, and certain large, long-term customer contracts for the delivery, deployment and performance of AMI
systems such as those described under  Discontinued Operations  in Item 1. In connection with the sale of Aclara,
we agreed to remain a guarantor of Aclara s performance of these contracts. If Aclara were to fail to perform any of
these guaranteed contracts, the other party to the contract could seek damages from us resulting from the non-performance,
and such damages could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. If we were
determined to be liable for these damages, we would be entitled to seek indemnification from Aclara, although our ability to
recover would be subject to Aclara s financial position at that time. 

We may not realize as revenue the full amounts reflected in
our backlog.   

As of September 30, 2016 our twelve-month backlog was approximately
$254.1 million, which represents confirmed orders we believe will be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. There
can be no assurance that our customers will purchase all the orders represented in our backlog, particularly as to contracts which
are subject to the U.S. Government s ability to modify or terminate major programs or contracts, and if and to the extent
that this occurs, our future revenues could be materially reduced. 

Economic, political and other risks of our international operations,
including terrorist activities, could adversely affect our business.   

In 2016, approximately 29% of our net sales were to customers outside
the United States. An economic downturn or an adverse change in the political situation in certain foreign countries in which we
do business could cause a decline in revenues and adversely affect our financial condition. For example, our Test segment does
significant business in Asia, and changes in the Asian political climate or political changes in specific Asian countries could
negatively affect our business; several Doble and ETS-Lindgren companies are based in Europe and could be negatively impacted by
weakness in the European economy; Doble s and Plastique s UK-based businesses could be adversely affected by Brexit;
and Doble s current multi-year project involving the national power grid in Saudi Arabia could be adversely affected by the
continuing political unrest, wars and terrorism in the Middle East. 

Our international sales are also subject to other risks inherent
in foreign commerce, including currency fluctuations and devaluations, differences in foreign laws, uncertainties as to enforcement
of contract rights, and difficulties in negotiating and resolving disputes with our foreign customers. 

Our governmental sales and our international and export operations
are subject to special U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations which may impose significant compliance costs, create reputational
and legal risk, and impair our ability to compete in international markets.   

The international scope of our operations subjects us to a complex
system of commercial and trade regulations around the world, and our foreign operations are governed by laws and business practices
that often differ from those of the U.S. In addition, laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws in other
countries increase the need for us to manage the risks of improper conduct not only by our own employees but by distributors and
contractors who may not be within our direct control. Many of our exports are of products which are subject to U.S. Government
regulations and controls such as the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), which impose certain restrictions on
the U.S. export of defense articles and services, and these restrictions are subject to change from time to time, including changes
in the countries into which our products may lawfully be sold. 

Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject
us to significant fines, penalties and other sanctions including the inability to continue to export our products or to sell our
products to the U.S. Government or to certain other customers. In addition, some of these regulations may be viewed as too restrictive
by our international customers, who may elect to develop their own domestic products or procure products from other international
suppliers which are not subject to comparable export restrictions; and the laws, regulations or policies of certain other countries
may also favor their own domestic suppliers over foreign suppliers such as the Company. 

Despite our efforts, we may be unable to adequately protect
our intellectual property.   

Much of our business success depends on our ability to protect and
freely utilize our various intellectual properties, including both patents and trade secrets. Despite our efforts to protect our
intellectual property, unauthorized parties or competitors may copy or otherwise obtain and use our products and technology, particularly
in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. Our current and future
actions to enforce our proprietary rights may ultimately not be successful; or in some cases we may not elect to pursue an unauthorized
user due to the high costs and uncertainties associated with litigation. We may also face exposure to claims by others challenging
our intellectual property rights. Any or all of these actions may divert our resources and cause us to incur substantial costs. 

Disputes with contractors could adversely affect our Test
segment s costs.   

A major portion of our Test segment s business involves
working in conjunction with general contractors to produce complex building components constructed on-site, such as
electronic test chambers, secure communication rooms and MRI facilities. If there are performance problems caused by either
us or a contractor, they could result in cost overruns and may lead to a dispute as to which party is responsible. The
resolution of such disputes can involve arbitration or litigation, and can cause us to incur significant expense including
attorneys  fees. In addition, these disputes could result in a reduction in revenue, a loss on a particular project, or
even a significant damages award against us. 

Environmental or regulatory requirements could increase our
expenses and adversely affect our profitability.   

Our operations and properties are subject to U.S. and foreign environmental
laws and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, emission, discharge, transportation, treatment and
disposal of hazardous materials and the clean-up of contaminated properties. These regulations, and changes to them, could increase
our cost of compliance, and our failure to comply could result in the imposition of significant fines, suspension of production,
alteration of product processes, cessation of operations or other actions which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We are currently involved as a responsible party in several ongoing
investigations and remediations of contaminated third-party owned properties. In addition, environmental contamination may be discovered
in the future on properties which we formerly owned or operated and for which we could be legally responsible. Future costs associated
with these situations, including ones which may be currently unknown to us, are difficult to quantify but could have a significant
effect on our financial condition. See Item 1,  Business    
Environmental Matters  for a discussion of these factors. 

We are or may become subject to legal proceedings that could
adversely impact our operating results.   

We are, and will likely be in the future, a party to a number of
legal proceedings and claims involving a variety of matters, including environmental matters such as those described in the preceding
risk factor and disputes over the ownership or use of intellectual property. Given the uncertainties inherent in litigation, including
but not limited to the possible discovery of facts adverse to our position, adverse rulings by a court or adverse decisions by
a jury, it is possible that such proceedings could result in a liability that we may have not adequately reserved for, that may
not be adequately covered by insurance, or that may otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. 

The loss of specialized key employees could affect our performance
and revenues.   

There is a risk of our losing key employees having engineering and
technical expertise to other employers. For example, our USG segment relies heavily on engineers with significant experience and
reputation in the utility industry to furnish expert consulting services and support to customers. There is a current trend of
a shortage of these qualified engineers because of hiring competition from other companies in the industry. Loss of these employees
to other employers could reduce the segment s ability to provide services and negatively affect our revenues. 

Our decentralized organizational structure presents certain
risks.   

We are a relatively decentralized company in comparison with some
of our peers. This decentralization necessarily places significant control and decision-making powers in the hands of local management,
which present various risks, including the risk that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to problems affecting a
key business than we would in a more centralized management environment. We may also be slower to detect or react to compliance
related problems (such as an employee undertaking activities prohibited by applicable law or by our internal policies), and Company-wide
business initiatives may be more challenging and costly to implement, and the risks of noncompliance or failures higher, than they
would be under a more centralized management structure. Depending on the nature of the problem or initiative in question, such
noncompliance or failure could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or result of operations. 

Provisions in our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Missouri
law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and could discourage acquisition bids or a change of control,
and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.   

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain certain provisions
which could discourage potential hostile takeover attempts, including: a limitation on the shareholders  ability to call
special meetings of shareholders; advance notice requirements to nominate candidates for election as directors or to propose matters
for action at a meeting of shareholders; a classified board of directors, which means that approximately one-third of our directors
are elected each year; and the authority of our board of directors to issue, without shareholder approval, preferred stock with
such terms as the board may determine. In addition, the laws of Missouri, in which we are incorporated, require a two-thirds vote
of outstanding shares to approve mergers or certain other major corporate transactions, rather than a simple majority as in some
other states such as Delaware. These provisions could impede a merger or other change of control not approved by our board of directors,
which could discourage takeover attempts and in some circumstances reduce the market price of our common stock. 

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2.  Properties 

The Company believes its buildings, machinery and equipment have
been generally well maintained, are in good operating condition and are adequate for the Company s current production requirements
and other needs. 

The Company s principal manufacturing facilities and other
materially important properties, including those described in the table below, comprise approximately 1,435,000 square feet of
floor space, of which approximately 841,000 square feet are owned and approximately 594,000 square feet are leased. Leased facilities
of less than 5,000 square feet are not included in the table. See also Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
herein.  

(1)     The Company acquired this facility in November 2016 in connection with its acquisition
of Mayday Manufacturing Co. and Hi-Tech Metals, Inc. 

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings 

As a normal incident of the businesses in which the Company is engaged,
various claims, charges and litigation are asserted or commenced from time to time against the Company. With respect to claims
and litigation asserted or commenced against the Company, it is the opinion of Management that final judgments, if any, which might
be rendered against the Company are adequately reserved for, are covered by insurance, or are not likely to have a material adverse
effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. Nevertheless, given the uncertainties of litigation,
it is possible that such claims, charges and litigation could have a material adverse impact on the Company; see Item 1A,  Risk
Factors.  

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Price
Range Of Common Stock.    The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
 ESE.  The following table summarizes the high and low prices of the common stock for each quarter in the last two
fiscal years. 

Holders
of Record    .  As of October 31, 2016 there were approximately 1,878 holders of record of the Company s
common stock. 

Dividends.
   For information about dividends paid on the common stock in the last two fiscal years, please refer to Note 18 to
the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 

Company Purchases of Equity Securities.   The Company
did not repurchase any shares of its common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans.   For information about securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans, please
refer to Item 12 of this Form 10-K and to Note 11 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 

Performance
Graph.    The graph and table below present a comparison of the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s
common stock as measured against the Russell 2000 index and two customized peer groups whose individual component companies are
listed below. Because the Company changed the composition of the peer group for 2016, as described below, the peer group used for
the corresponding disclosures in 2015 is also shown for comparison. The Company is not a component of either the 2016 peer group
or the 2015 peer group, but it is a component of the Russell 2000 Index. The measurement period begins on September 30, 2011 and
measures at each September 30 thereafter. These figures assume that all dividends, if any, paid over the measurement period were
reinvested, and that the starting values of each index and the investments in the Company s common stock were $100 at the
close of trading on September 30, 2011. 

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN  

 Among ESCO Technologies Inc., the Russell 2000
Index, 
2015 Peer Group and 2016 Peer Group 

Copyright  2016 Russell Investment
Group. All rights reserved. 

The 2016 peer group is composed of eleven companies that correspond
to the Company s four industry segments used for financial reporting purposes during 2016, as follows: Filtration/Fluid Flow
segment (36% of the Company s 2016 total revenue)   CIRCOR International, Inc., CLARCOR Inc., Donaldson Company, Inc.
and Moog Inc.; Test segment (28% of the Company s 2016 total revenue)   EXFO Inc. and FARO Technologies, Inc.; USG
segment (23% of the Company s 2016 total revenue)   Aegion Corporation, Ameresco, Inc. and EnerNOC, Inc.; and Technical
Packaging Segment (13% of the Company s 2016 total revenue)   AptarGroup, Inc. and Bemis Company, Inc. 

The 2015 peer group was composed of nine companies that corresponded
to the Company s three industry segments used for financial reporting purposes during 2015, as follows: Filtration/Fluid
Flow segment (44% of the Company s 2015 total revenue)   CIRCOR International, Inc., CLARCOR Inc., Donaldson Company,
Inc. and Moog Inc.; Test segment (33% of the Company s 2015 total revenue)   EXFO Inc. and FARO Technologies, Inc.;
and USG segment (23% of the Company s 2015 total revenue)   Aegion Corporation, Ameresco, Inc. and EnerNOC, Inc. 

In calculating the composite return of the 2015 and 2016 peer groups,
the return of each company comprising the peer group was weighted by (a) its market capitalization in relation to the other companies
in its corresponding Company industry segment, and (b) the percentage of the Company s total revenue represented by its corresponding
Company industry segment. 

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data  

The following selected consolidated financial data of the Company
and its subsidiaries should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, the Notes thereto,
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as of the respective dates indicated
and for the respective periods ended thereon. 

See also Notes 2 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
included herein for discussion of acquisition and divestiture activity. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
Consolidated Financial Statements included herein and Notes thereto and refers to the Company s results from continuing operations,
except where noted. 

Introduction  

ESCO Technologies Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the Company)
are organized into four operating segments for financial reporting purposes: Filtration/Fluid Flow (Filtration), RF Shielding and
Test (Test), Utility Solutions Group (USG), and Technical Packaging. The Technical Packaging segment was created in the second quarter of 2016 to disclose TEQ, Plastique and Fremont
separately as they no longer met the criteria for aggregation with the Filtration segment. Prior period amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the current period presentation. The Company s business segments are comprised of the
following primary operating entities: 

Filtration :  PTI Technologies Inc. (PTI); VACCO Industries (VACCO); Crissair, Inc. (Crissair); and Westland Technologies,
Inc. (Westland).   

Test :  ETS-Lindgren Inc. (ETS-Lindgren).   

USG :  Doble Engineering Company (Doble).   

Technical Packaging :  Thermoform Engineered Quality LLC (TEQ); Plastique Limited and Plastique Sp. z o.o.
(together, Plastique).   

Filtration.   
Most of the companies within this segment primarily design and manufacture specialty filtration products including hydraulic filter
elements and fluid control devices used in commercial aerospace applications, unique filter mechanisms used in micro-propulsion
devices for satellites and custom designed filters for manned aircraft and submarines; Westland designs, develops and manufactures
elastomeric-based signature reduction solutions for U.S. naval vessels. 

Test.   
ETS-Lindgren is an industry leader in providing its customers with the ability to identify, measure and contain magnetic, electromagnetic
and acoustic energy. 

USG.   
Doble provides high-end, intelligent diagnostic test solutions for the electric power delivery industry and is a leading supplier
of power factor and partial discharge testing instruments used to assess the integrity of high-voltage power delivery equipment. 

Technical
Packaging.    The companies within this segment provide innovative solutions to the medical and commercial markets
for thermoformed and precision molded pulp fiber packages and specialty products using a wide variety of thin gauge plastics and
pulp. 

The Company continues to operate with meaningful growth prospects
in its primary served markets and with considerable financial flexibility. The Company continues to focus on new products that
incorporate proprietary design and process technologies. Management is committed to delivering shareholder value through internal
growth, ongoing performance improvement initiatives, and acquisitions. 

Highlights of 2016 Operations  

Diluted EPS for 2016 was $1.77. Diluted EPS
                                                                                                                                 As Adjusted for 2016 was $2.03 which excludes $6.9 million, net after tax, or $0.26 per share, related to the
                                                                                                                               previously
                                                                                                                               announced exit of Test s operating facilities in Germany and England and the impact of the domestic headcount
                                                                                                                               reductions, plus Doble s closure of its Brazil operating office.    

In September 2016, the Company acquired the stock
of Westland for approximately $41 million in cash. Westland designs, develops and manufactures elastomeric-based signature reduction
solutions which enhance U.S. Naval maritime platform survivability. The operating results for Westland, since the date of acquisition
are included within the Filtration segment.    

In January 2016, the Company acquired
                                                                                                                               Plastique, headquartered in Tunbridge Wells, England, for a purchase price of approximately $31.6 million in cash. Plastique is
                                                                                                                               a
                                                                                                                               market leader in the development and manufacture of thermoformed plastic and precision molded pulp fiber packaging. Since
                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                               date of acquisition, the operating results for Plastique have been included within the Company s Technical Packaging
                                                                                                                               segment.    

In October 2015, the Company acquired the stock and
real property of Fremont for a purchase price of $12.5 million in cash. Fremont was a developer and manufacturer of sterile-ready
and non-sterile thin gauge thermoformed medical plastic packaging products. Immediately following the acquisition, Fremont was
merged into TEQ, and therefore Fremont s operating results since the date of acquisition are included as part of TEQ within
the Company s Technical Packaging segment.    

Results of Operations  

Net Sales   

Net sales increased $34.2 million, or 6.4%, to $571.5 million in
2016 from $537.3 million in 2015. The increase in net sales in 2016 as compared to 2015 was due to a $35.0 million increase in
the Technical Packaging segment, an $11.1 million increase in the Filtration segment and a $4.2 million increase in the USG segment,
partially offset by a $16.1 million decrease in the Test segment. 

Net sales increased $6.2 million, or 1.2%, to $537.3 million in
2015 from $531.1 million in 2014. The increase in net sales in 2015 as compared to 2014 was due to an $8.0 million increase in
the USG segment, a $2.2 million increase in the Technical Packaging segment and a $0.2 million increase in the Filtration segment,
partially offset by a $4.2 million decrease in the Test segment. 

Filtration .  

The $11.1 million, or 5.6%, increase in net sales in 2016 as compared
to 2015 was primarily due to a $4.6 million increase in net sales from Crissair due to higher aerospace shipments, a $2.5 million
increase in net sales from PTI due to higher shipments of aero assemblies and elements, a $1.4 million increase in net sales from
VACCO due to higher shipments of its Space products and a $2.5 million sales contribution from Westland (acquired on September
2, 2016). 

The $0.2 million increase in net sales in 2015 as compared to 2014
was primarily due to a $7.7 million increase in net sales from PTI due to higher shipments of aero assemblies and industrial products,
partially offset by a $7.4 million decrease in net sales from VACCO due to lower shipments of its Space products, primarily to
Boeing for NASA s Space Launch system. 

Test .  

The net sales decrease of $16.1 million, or 9.1%, in 2016 as compared
to 2015 was mainly due to due to a $12 million decrease in net sales from the segment s European operations due to the European
facility consolidation and a $10 million decrease in net sales from the segment s U.S. operations driven by a decrease in
acoustic projects, partially offset by a $6 million increase in net sales from the segment s Asian operations driven by timing
of projects. 

The net sales decrease of $4.2 million, or 2.3%, in 2015 as compared
to 2014 was due to a $6.2 million decrease in net sales from the segment s U.S. operations, mainly due to overall softness
in the domestic shielding market, and a $1.1 million decrease in net sales from the segment s European operations, partially
offset by a $2.9 million increase in net sales from the Company s Asian operations due to timing of projects. 

USG .  

The net sales increase of $4.2 million, or 3.4%, in 2016 as compared
to 2015 was driven by additional software and service revenue at Doble and the sales contribution from the Enoserv acquisition
(acquired January 2015). 

The net sales increase of $8.0 million, or 6.9%, in 2015 as compared
to 2014 was driven by a $4.6 million contribution from the Enoserv acquisition, higher shipments of the F and M series products,
and additional service revenue at Doble. 

Technical Packaging .  

The $35.0 million, or 88.8%, increase in net sales in 2016 as compared
to 2015 was primarily driven by the acquisitions of Plastique and Fremont which contributed $22 million and $7 million, respectively,
to 2016 sales and an increase in shipments to commercial customers. 

Orders and Backlog   

New orders received in 2016 were $576.3 million as compared to $561.9
million in 2015, resulting in order backlog of $332.4 million at September 30, 2016 as compared to order backlog of $327.5 million
at September 30, 2015. In 2016, the Company recorded $224.7 million of orders related to Filtration products, $149.5 million
of orders related to Test products, $125.3 million of orders related to USG products and $76.8 million of orders related to Technical
Packaging products. Orders are entered into backlog as firm purchase order commitments are received. 

In 2015, the Company recorded $209.4 million of orders related to
Filtration products, $182.0 million of orders related to Test products, $126.7 million of orders related to USG products,
and $43.8 million of orders related to Technical Packaging products. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses were $131.5
million, or 23.0% of net sales, in 2016, $130.2 million, or 24.2% of net sales, in 2015, and $134.9 million, or 25.4% of net sales,
in 2014. The increase in SG A expenses in 2016 as compared to 2015 was mainly due to an increase in SG A expenses within
the Technical Packaging segment due to the Company s recent acquisitions (Plastique and Fremont) and Corporate (higher acquisition
costs, including professional fees) partially offset by a decrease in SG A expenses within the Test and USG segments due to
the facility consolidations and headcount reductions. 

The decrease in SG A expenses in 2015 as compared to 2014 was
mainly due to a decrease in SG A expenses within the Test segment and the Filtration segment driven by the recent facility
consolidations and headcount reductions. 

Amortization Of Intangible Assets   

Amortization of intangible assets was $11.6 million in 2016, $8.9
million in 2015 and $6.7 million in 2014. Amortization of intangible assets included $4.9 million, $4.0 million and $3.4 million
of amortization of acquired intangible assets in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, related to the Company s acquisitions.
The amortization of acquired intangible assets related to the Company s acquisitions is included in the Corporate operating
segment s results. The remaining amortization expenses consist of other identifiable intangible assets (primarily software,
patents and licenses) and are included in the respective segment s operating results. The increase in amortization expense
in 2016 as compared to 2015 and 2014 was mainly due to the amortization of intangibles related to the Company s recent acquisitions
and an increase in software amortization. 

Other Expenses (Income), Net   

Other expenses (income), net, were $7.8 million in 2016, $1.1 million
in 2015 and $1.8 million in 2014. The principal components of other expenses (income), net, in 2016 included $4.9 million of restructuring
costs related to the Test segment facility consolidation and $2.2 million of costs related to the USG segment restructuring activities.
The restructuring costs mainly related to severance and compensation benefits, professional fees and asset impairment charges related
to abandoned assets. The principal component of other expenses (income), net, in 2015 included $0.9 million of severance expenses
related to headcount reductions primarily at VACCO. The principal components of other expenses (income), net, in 2014 included
$1.7 million of costs related to the exit and relocation of Crissair s Palmdale, California operation into the Canyon facility
in Valencia, California. There were no other individually significant items included in other expenses (income), net, in 2016,
2015 or 2014. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures   

The information reported herein includes the
financial measures EPS    As Adjusted, which the Company defines as EPS from continuing operations less defined
restructuring charges; EBIT, which the Company defines as earnings before interest and taxes from continuing operations,
without adjustment for the defined restructuring charges; and EBIT margin, which the Company defines as EBIT expressed as a
percentage of net sales. EPS    As Adjusted, and EBIT and EBIT margin on a consolidated basis, are not recognized in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). However, the Company believes that EBIT and EBIT margin
provide investors and Management with a valuable alternative method for assessing the Company s operating results.
Management evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on EBIT and believes that EBIT is useful to investors to
demonstrate the operational profitability of the Company s business segments by excluding interest and taxes, which are
generally accounted for across the entire company on a consolidated basis. EBIT is also one of the measures Management uses
to determine resource allocations and incentive compensation. The Company believes that the presentation of EBIT, EBIT
margin and EPS   As Adjusted provides important supplemental information to investors by facilitating comparisons with
other companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement their GAAP results. The use of non-GAAP
financial measures is not intended to replace any measures of performance determined in accordance with GAAP. 

EBIT   

The reconciliation of EBIT from continuing operations to a GAAP
financial measure is as follows: 

Filtration   

EBIT increased $3.5 million in 2016 as compared to 2015 mainly due
to the increased sales volumes at Crissair and VACCO and the EBIT contribution from the current year acquisition of Westland, partially
offset by lower margins at PTI due to the impact of early stage production volumes. 

EBIT increased $5.3 million in 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily
due to the increased sales volumes at PTI and a decrease in restructuring costs that were incurred at Crissair in 2014 related
to the exit and relocation of Crissair s Palmdale, California operation into the Canyon facility in Valencia, California. 

Test   

The $4.4 million increase in EBIT in 2016 as compared to 2015 was
mainly due to the higher sales volumes from the segment s Asian operations and operational improvement initiatives that were
partially offset by $5.1 million of incremental restructuring charges related to closing the Test business operating facilities
in Taufkirchen, Germany and Stevenage, England consisting mainly of employee severance and compensation benefits, professional
fees, and asset impairment charges. In addition, 2015 EBIT was negatively impacted by incremental charges related to the write-down
of certain inventories. 

The $11.6 million decrease in EBIT in 2015 as compared to 2014 was
mainly due to the lower sales volumes from the segment s U.S. and European operations, changes in product mix, and incremental
charges related to the write-down of certain inventories and charges related to legal costs incurred in defense of patents. 

USG   

The $1.5 million increase in EBIT in 2016 as compared to 2015 was
primarily due to an increase in sales volumes and the full year EBIT contribution from the 2015 acquisition of Enoserv. In addition,
2016 EBIT was negatively impacted by $2.0 million of incremental restructuring charges incurred related to the closing of the Brazil
office consisting mainly of employee severance and compensation benefits and asset write downs. 

The $3.0 million increase in EBIT in 2015 as compared to 2014 was
mainly due to an increase in sales volumes and the EBIT contribution from the current year acquisition of Enoserv. 

Technical Packaging   

EBIT increased $4.7 million in 2016 as compared to 2015 mainly due
to the current year acquisitions of Plastique and Fremont and the higher sales volumes to commercial and medical customers. The
decrease in EBIT in 2015 as compared to 2014 was not material. 

Corporate   

Corporate operating charges included in 2016 consolidated EBIT increased
to $30.1 million as compared to $23.4 million due to an increase in professional fees, acquisition related expenses, and head count
related expenses. 

Corporate operating charges included in 2015 consolidated EBIT decreased
to $23.4 million as compared to $25.3 million in 2014 mainly due to a decrease in professional fees and salaries expense. 

The  Reconciliation to Consolidated Totals (Corporate) 
in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein represents Corporate office operating charges. 

Interest Expense, Net   

Interest expense was $1.3 million in 2016, $0.8 million
in 2015 and $1.6 million in 2014. The increase in interest expense in 2016 as compared to 2015 was due to higher
average interest rates (1.6% vs. 1.3%) and higher average outstanding borrowings ($89.2 million vs. $68.5 million) as a
result of the additional borrowings to fund the Company s recent acquisitions (Westland, Plastique and Fremont). The
decrease in interest expense in 2015 as compared to 2014 was due to lower average interest rates (1.3% vs. 1.5%) and lower
average outstanding borrowings ($68.5 million vs. $103 million). 

Income Tax Expense   

The effective tax rates from continuing operations for 2016, 2015
and 2014 were 32.9%, 32.2% and 31.5%, respectively. The increase in the 2016 effective tax rate as compared to 2015 was primarily
due to normal tax fluctuations within the ordinary course of business. The increase in the 2015 effective tax rate as compared
to 2014 was primarily due to the extension of the research credit as a result of the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 which
reduced the 2015 effective tax rate by 0.8%, offset by the release of accruals related to uncertain tax positions as a result of
the lapse of statute of limitations and the closing of a U.S. taxing authority s examination of the Company s research
credit claims which reduced the 2014 effective tax rate by 2.6%. 

The Company s foreign subsidiaries had accumulated unremitted
earnings of $46.3 million and cash of $45.2 million at September 30, 2016. No deferred taxes have been provided on these accumulated
unremitted earnings because these funds are not needed to meet the liquidity requirements of the Company s U.S. operations
and it is the Company s intention to indefinitely reinvest these earnings in continuing international operations. In the
event these foreign entities  earnings were distributed, it is estimated that U.S. taxes, net of available foreign tax credits,
of approximately $7.4 million would be due, which would correspondingly reduce the Company s net earnings. No significant
portion of the Company s foreign subsidiaries  earnings was taxed at a very low tax rate. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity  

The Company s overall financial position and
liquidity are strong. Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) increased to $165.4 million at September 30,
2016, from $155.0 million at September 30, 2015, mainly due to higher cash and accounts receivable balances. The $18.9
million increase in accounts receivable at September 30, 2016, was mainly due to a $7.7 million increase within the Technical
Packaging segment due to the current year acquisitions (Plastique and Fremont), a $7.3 million increase within the USG
segment due to an increase in sales in the fourth quarter of 2016 and timing of collections, and a $3.9 million increase
within the Filtration segment mainly due to the current year acquisition of Westland. The $5.8 million increase in inventory
at September 30, 2016, was mainly due to a $5.6 million increase in the Filtration segment due to the Westland acquisition
and timing of receipt of raw materials to meet increased sales volumes and new product introductions, and a $3.7 million
increase within the Technical Packaging segment due to the Plastique and Fremont acquisitions, partially offset by a $4.5
million decrease within the USG segment. 

Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations
was $73.9 million, $65.0 million and $44.9 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase in 2016 as compared to the
prior year periods was mainly due to higher net earnings and lower operating working capital requirements. 

Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations
was $104.6 million, $39.5 million and $21.3 million in 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The increase in 2016 as compared to
2015 was mainly due to the current year acquisitions. Capital expenditures from continuing operations were $13.8 million,
$12.4 million and $12.7 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. There were no commitments outstanding that were considered
material for capital expenditures at September 30, 2016. In addition, the Company incurred expenditures for capitalized software
of $8.7 million, $6.9 million and $8.6 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase in 2016 as compared to 2015
was mainly due to higher capitalized software expenditures within the USG and Test segments. The decrease in 2015 as compared to
2014 was mainly due to lower capitalized software expenditures at Doble. 

The Company made required pension contributions of zero, $0.7 million
and $2.7 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was $46.2 million in 2016
compared to net cash used by financing activities of $16.6 million and $152.5 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase
in 2016 compared to the prior year periods was mainly due to an increase in borrowings related to the 2016 acquisitions. 

Acquisitions   

2016   

On September 2, 2016, the Company acquired the stock of Westland
Technologies, Inc. (Westland), located in Modesto, California, for a purchase price of approximately $41 million in cash. Westland
is a market leader in the design, development and manufacture of elastomeric-based signature reduction solutions which enhance
U.S. Naval maritime platform survivability. Westland has annual sales of approximately $25 million. Since the date of acquisition,
the operating results for Westland have been included within the Company s Filtration segment. Based on the preliminary purchase
price allocation, the Company recorded tangible assets, net, of $5.5 million, deferred tax liabilities of $10.4 million, goodwill
of $17.9 million, and $28.3 million of identifiable intangible assets primarily consisting of customer relationships. 

On January 29, 2016, the Company acquired Plastique, which is headquartered
in Tunbridge Wells, England and has manufacturing locations in Nottingham, England and Poznan, Poland, for a purchase price of
approximately $31.6 million (of which $2.7 million is due over the next three years). Plastique is a market leader in the development
and manufacture of highly-technical thermoformed plastic and precision molded pulp fiber packaging primarily serving pharmaceutical,
personal care, and various specialty end markets. Since the date of acquisition, the operating results for Plastique have been
included within the Company s Technical Packaging segment. Plastique has annual sales of approximately $35 million. Based
on the purchase price allocation, the Company recorded tangible assets, net, of $9.6 million, goodwill of $10.2 million, and $11.9
million of identifiable intangible assets primarily consisting of customer relationships. 

On October 16, 2015, the Company acquired the stock of Fremont for
a purchase price of $10.5 million in cash. The Company also purchased for $2 million Fremont s real property located in Fremont,
Indiana. Fremont was a developer, manufacturer, promoter and seller of high quality sterile-ready and non-sterile thin gauge thermoformed
medical plastic packaging products. Immediately following the closing of the transaction, Fremont was merged into TEQ, and therefore
since the date of acquisition the operating results for Fremont have been included as part of TEQ. 

2015   

On January 28, 2015, the Company acquired the assets of Enoserv,
LLC (Enoserv), headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for $20.5 million in cash. Enoserv provides utility customers with high quality,
user-friendly multi-platform software and has annual revenues of approximately $8 million. Since the date of acquisition the operating
results for Enoserv have been included as part of Doble within the Company s USG segment. Based on the purchase price allocation,
the Company recorded approximately $10.0 million of goodwill and $9.0 million of amortizable identifiable intangible assets consisting
primarily of customer relationships and developed technology. 

All of the Company s acquisitions have been accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting, and accordingly, the respective purchase prices were allocated to the assets (including
intangible assets) acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The financial
results from these acquisitions have been included in the Company s financial statements from the date of acquisition. 

Subsequent Event   

On November 7, 2016, the Company acquired aerospace suppliers Mayday
Manufacturing Co. (Mayday) and its affiliate, Hi-Tech Metals, Inc. (Hi-Tech), which share a state-of-the-art, expandable 130,000
square foot facility in Denton, Texas, for a purchase price of approximately $75 million in cash. Mayday is a leading manufacturer
of mission-critical bushings, pins, sleeves and precision-tolerance machined components for landing gear, rotor heads, engine mounts,
flight controls and actuation systems for the aerospace and defense industry. Hi-Tech is a full-service metal processor offering
aerospace OEM s and Tier 1 suppliers a large portfolio of processing services including anodizing, cadmium and zinc-nickel
plating, organic coatings, non-destructive testing and heat treatment. Mayday and Hi-Tech together have annual sales of approximately
$40 million. They will be included in the Company s Filtration operating segment beginning in 2017. 

Divestiture   

In March 2014, the Company completed the sale of Aclara Technologies
LLC (Aclara) to an affiliate of Sun Capital Partners, Inc. A disagreement between the parties over the calculation of the final
working capital adjustment was finally resolved by arbitration on June 15, 2015, resulting in a cash payment to the Company of
$2.3 million in 2015. For more information about the Aclara divestiture, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this Report. 

Bank Credit Facility   

On December 21, 2015, the Company amended its existing credit facility
to extend the maturity date from May 13, 2017 through December 21, 2020, and to reduce the outstanding borrowing rates and commitment
fees. Consistent with the prior credit facility, the amended facility includes a $450 million revolving line of credit as well
as provisions allowing for the increase of the credit facility commitment amount by an additional $250 million, if necessary, with
the consent of the lenders. The bank syndication supporting the new facility is comprised of a diverse group of nine banks led
by JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $335 million
available to borrow under the Credit Facility, plus the $250 million increase option, in addition to $53.8 million cash on
hand. The Company classified $20.0 million as the current portion of short-term debt as of September 30, 2016, as the Company intends
to repay this amount within the next twelve months; however, the Company has no contractual obligation to repay such amount during
the next twelve months. 

The Credit Facility requires, as determined by certain financial
ratios, a facility fee ranging from 12.5 to 27.5 basis points per annum on the unused portion. The terms of the facility provide
that interest on borrowings may be calculated at a spread over the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or based on the prime
rate, at the Company s election. The facility is secured by the unlimited guaranty of the Company s material domestic
subsidiaries and a 65% pledge of the material foreign subsidiaries  share equity. The financial covenants of the Credit Facility
include a leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all bank
covenants. 

Cash flow from operations and borrowings under the Credit Facility
are expected to provide adequate resources to meet the Company s capital requirements and operational needs for the foreseeable
future. 

Dividends   

Since 2010 the Company has paid a regular quarterly cash dividend
at an annual rate of $0.32 per share. The Company paid dividends of $8.2 million, $8.4 million and $8.5 million in 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively. 

Contractual Obligations   

The following table shows the Company s contractual obligations
as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   Estimated interest payments for the Company s debt obligations were calculated based on Management s determination
of the estimated applicable interest rates and payment dates.   

(2)   A purchase obligation is defined as a legally binding and enforceable agreement to purchase goods and services that specifies
all significant terms. Since the majority of the Company s purchase orders can be cancelled, they are not included in the
table above.   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $0.1 million of liabilities
for uncertain tax positions. The unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded from the table above due to uncertainty as to the
amounts and timing of settlement with taxing authorities. 

The Company has no off-balance-sheet arrangements outstanding at
September 30, 2016. 

Share Repurchases   

In August 2012, the Company s Board of Directors
authorized a common stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase shares of its stock from time to time in
its discretion, in the open market or otherwise, up to a maximum total repurchase amount of $100 million (or such lesser
amount as may be permitted under the Company s bank credit agreements). This program has been twice extended by the
Company s Board of Directors and is currently scheduled to expire September 30, 2017. The Company repurchased
approximately 120,000 shares for $4.3 million in 2016, 517,000 shares for $18.2 million in 2015, and 350,000 shares for $12.0
million in 2014. At September 30, 2016 approximately $50.4 million remained authorized for repurchases under the program. 

Pension Funding Requirements   

The minimum cash funding requirements related to the Company s
defined benefit pension plans are estimated to be approximately $2.7 million in 2017, $2.5 million in 2018, and $3.9 million in
2019. 

Other   

Management believes that, for the periods presented, inflation has
not had a material effect on the Company s results of operations. 

As a normal incident of the business in which the Company is engaged,
various claims, charges and litigation are asserted or commenced from time to time against the Company. Additionally, the Company
is currently involved in various stages of investigation and remediation relating to environmental matters. It is the opinion of
Management that the aggregate costs involved in the resolution of these matters, and final judgments, if any, which might be rendered
against the Company are adequately reserved for, are covered by insurance, or are not likely to have a material adverse effect
on the Company s results from continuing operations, capital expenditures, or competitive position. 

Outlook  

Management continues to see
meaningful sales, EBIT, EBITDA, and EPS growth across each of the Company s business segments, and anticipated growth rates
for 2017 and beyond in excess of the Company s defined peer group and the overall broader industrial market in general. Management s
growth expectations for 2017 (compared to 2016 As -- Adjusted) are as follows: 

Sales are expected to increase between 18%
and 20%, resulting in projected sales in the range of $675 million to $685 million, with all operating segments reflecting meaningful
increases.    

Gross profit dollars are expected to be negatively
impacted by a one-time non-cash pretax charge of $3 million or $0.08 per share after-tax, related to Mayday s inventory  step
up.     

Interest expense on higher net debt resulting
from recent acquisitions and share repurchases is expected to increase to $3.6 million, up from the $1.3 million expense reported
in 2016.    

Non-cash depreciation and amortization of
intangibles is expected to increase approximately $9 million pretax ($0.22 per share after-tax) as a result of the recent acquisitions.    

2017 income tax expense is expected to increase,
as Management is projecting a 35% effective tax rate calculated on higher pretax earnings, compared to the 2016 tax rate of 32.9%,    

In summary, Management projects 2017
                                                                                                                EPS to be in the range of $2.16 to $2.26 per share, which reflects the impact of the Mayday inventory  step up 
                                                                                                                charge of $0.08 per share expected to be incurred in the first half of 2017, and the $0.22 per share impact of additional
                                                                                                                depreciation and amortization.    

Management s 2017 expectations
by operating segment are summarized as follows: 

Filtration sales are expected to
                                                                                                                increase over 35% with EBIT margins (excluding the above inventory  step up  charges at Mayday)
                                                                                                                of approximately 20%. The significant increase in sales and EBIT is driven by the additions of Westland, Mayday and Hi-Tech, the
                                                                                                                continued
                                                                                                                strength of the commercial aerospace markets, and significantly higher space (SLS) sales at VACCO.    

Test sales are expected to increase in the
high single digits with EBIT margins near 13%. The sales increase is driven by the catch up from 2016 delayed orders being
received and with projects ultimately being delivered in 2017. The EBIT margin increase reflects the lower cost structure
resulting from the 2016 restructuring and implementation of other operating improvements.    

Doble sales are expected to increase in the
mid to high single digits with EBIT margins of approximately 26%. The
sales increase reflects higher software and service revenues, and flat to slightly higher hardware revenues driven by an expectation
of a modest recovery in utility customer capital spending.    

Technical Packaging sales are expected to
increase over 17% with EBIT margins in the low-to-mid teens. The sales increase is driven by Plastique being included for the full
year, partially offset by a temporary (3 month) slowdown of KAZ deliveries at TEQ as the customer rationalizes its current inventory
in Q1 2017.    

Corporate costs are expected to be higher
due to additional non-cash amortization of purchase accounting intangible assets resulting from the recent acquisitions.    

On a quarterly basis, Management
expects 2017 operating results to reflect a profile similar to 2016 and previous years, with revenues and EPS being more second-half
weighted. As with past years, projected Q4 2017 sales and EPS are expected to be the strongest/highest of the fiscal year. Management
expects Q1 2017 EPS to be in the range of $0.35 to $0.40 per share, which reflects one half of the impact of the $3 million, or
$0.08 per share, of pretax purchase accounting charges noted above. Additionally, the timing of sales and related earnings within
the respective quarters also impacts Q1 comparative EPS. 

Market Risk Analysis  

Market Risk Exposure   

Market risks relating to the Company s operations result primarily
from changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company is exposed to market risk related to
changes in interest rates and selectively uses derivative financial instruments, including forward contracts and swaps, to manage
these risks. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company entered into several forward contracts to purchase pounds sterling
(GBP) to hedge two deferred payments due in connection with the acquisition of Plastique. All derivative instruments are reported
on the balance sheet at fair value. The derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges and the gain or loss on the derivative
is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income until recognized in earnings with the underlying hedged item. 

The Company has determined that the market risk related to interest
rates with respect to its variable debt is not material. The Company estimates that if market interest rates averaged one percentage
point higher, the effect would have been less than 2% of net earnings for the year ended September 30, 2016. The following is a
summary of the notional transaction amounts and fair values for the Company s outstanding derivative financial instruments
as of September 30, 2016. 

The Company is also subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk
inherent in its sales commitments, anticipated sales, anticipated purchases and assets and liabilities denominated in currencies
other than the U.S. dollar. The foreign currency most significant to the Company s operations is the Euro. The Company occasionally
hedges certain foreign currency commitments by purchasing foreign currency forward contracts. The Company does not have material
foreign currency market risk (e.g. net foreign currency transaction gain/loss was less than 2% of net earnings for 2016, 2015 and
2014). 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires Management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances
that affect amounts reported in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. In preparing these financial statements, Management
has made its best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, giving due consideration
to materiality. The Company does not believe there is a great likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under
different conditions or using different assumptions related to the accounting policies described below. However, application of
these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result,
actual results could differ from these estimates. The Company s senior Management discusses the critical accounting policies
described below with the Audit and Finance Committee of the Company s Board of Directors on a periodic basis. 

The following discussion of critical accounting policies is intended
to bring to the attention of readers those accounting policies which Management believes are critical to the Consolidated Financial
Statements and other financial disclosure. It is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all significant accounting policies
that are more fully described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 

Revenue Recognition   

Filtration
Segment :   Within the Filtration segment, approximately 83% of segment revenues (approximately 30% of consolidated
revenues) are recognized when products are delivered (when title and risk of ownership transfers) or when services are performed
for unaffiliated customers. 

Approximately 17% of segment revenues (approximately 6% of consolidated
revenues) are recorded under the percentage-of-completion provisions because the Company manufactures complex products for aerospace
and military customers under production contracts. The majority of these contracts are cost-reimbursable contracts which provide
for the payment of allowable costs incurred during the performance of the contract plus an incentive fee. The remainder of the
contracts are fixed-price contracts. The percentage-of-completion method of accounting involves the use of various estimating techniques
to project costs at completion. These estimates involve various assumptions and projections relative to the outcome of future events
over a period of several years, including future labor productivity and availability, the nature and complexity of the work to
be performed, availability of materials, the impact of delayed performance, the timing of product deliveries, and estimates of
incentive fees based on past experience and anticipated performance. These estimates are based on Management s judgment and
the Company s substantial experience in developing these types of estimates. Changes in underlying assumptions/estimates
may adversely affect financial performance if they increase estimated project costs at completion, or positively affect financial
performance if they decrease estimated project costs at completion. Due to the nature of these contracts and the operating unit s
cost estimating process, the Company believes that these estimates generally should not be subject to significant variation in
the future. There have been no material changes to these estimates for the financial statement periods presented. The Company regularly
reviews its estimates to assess revisions in contract values and estimated costs at completion. 

Test
Segment :   Within the Test segment, approximately 31% of revenues (approximately 9% of consolidated revenues) are
recognized when products are delivered (when title and risk of ownership transfers) or when services are performed for unaffiliated
customers. 

Approximately 69% of the segment s revenues (approximately
20% of consolidated revenues) are recorded under the percentage-of-completion method due to the complex nature of the enclosures
that are designed and produced under these contracts. As discussed above, this method of accounting involves the use of various
estimating techniques to project costs at completion, which are based on Management s judgment and the Company s substantial
experience in developing these types of estimates. Changes in underlying assumptions/estimates may adversely or positively affect
financial performance in a period. Due to the nature of these contracts and the operating unit s cost estimating process,
the Company believes that these estimates generally should not be subject to significant variation in the future. There have been
no material changes to these estimates for the financial statement periods presented. The Company regularly reviews its contract
estimates to assess revisions in contract values and estimated costs at completion. 

USG
Segment :   Within the USG segment, 100% of the segment s revenues (approximately 22% of consolidated
revenues) represent products and services sold and are recognized when products are delivered (when title and risk of ownership
transfers), when services are performed for unaffiliated customers or on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Technical
Packaging Segment :   Within the Technical Packaging segment, 100% of the segment s revenues (approximately
13% of consolidated revenues) represent products and services sold and are recognized when products are delivered (when title
and risk of ownership transfers), or when services are performed for unaffiliated customers. 

Income Taxes   

The Company operates in numerous taxing jurisdictions and is subject
to examination by various U.S. Federal, state and foreign jurisdictions for various tax periods. Additionally, the Company has
retained tax liabilities and the rights to tax refunds in connection with various divestitures of businesses in prior years. The
Company s income tax positions are based on research and interpretations of the income tax laws and rulings in each of the
jurisdictions in which the Company does business. Due to the subjectivity of interpretations of laws and rulings in each jurisdiction,
the differences and interplay in tax laws between those jurisdictions, as well as the inherent uncertainty in estimating the final
resolution of complex tax audit matters, Management s estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments
or assessments. 

Management regularly assesses the Company s position with
regard to tax exposures and records liabilities for these uncertain tax positions and related interest and penalties, if any, according
to the principles of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes  (ASC 740). The Company
has recorded an accrual that reflects the recognition and measurement process for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken on a tax return based upon ASC 740. Additional future income tax expense or
benefit may be recognized once the positions are effectively settled. It is the Company s policy to follow FASB ASC
740-10-45-20 and record the tax effects of changes in the opening balance of unrecognized tax benefits in net earnings from continuing
operations. 

At the end of each interim reporting period, Management estimates
the effective tax rate expected to apply to the full fiscal year. The estimated effective tax rate contemplates the expected jurisdiction
where income is earned, as well as tax planning strategies. Current and projected growth in income in higher tax jurisdictions
may result in an increasing effective tax rate over time. If the actual results differ from Management s estimates, Management
may have to adjust the effective tax rate in the interim period if such determination is made. 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets may be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not
that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company regularly reviews its deferred
tax assets for recoverability and establishes a valuation allowance when Management believes it is more likely than not such assets
will not be recovered, taking into consideration historical operating results, expectations of future earnings, tax planning strategies,
and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. 

Goodwill And Other Long-Lived Assets   

Management annually reviews goodwill and other long-lived assets
with indefinite useful lives for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not
be recoverable. If the Company determines that the carrying value of the long-lived asset may not be recoverable, a permanent impairment
charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. Fair value is measured
based on a discounted cash flow method using a discount rate determined by Management to be commensurate with the risk inherent
in the Company s current business model. The estimates of cash flows and discount rate are subject to change due to the economic
environment, including such factors as interest rates, expected market returns and volatility of markets served. Management believes
that the estimates of future cash flows and fair value are reasonable; however, changes in estimates could result in impairment
charges. At September 30, 2016, the Company has determined that no reporting units are at risk of goodwill impairment
as the fair value of each reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value. 

Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized
over their respective estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in business circumstances indicate the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. 

Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   

The measurement of liabilities related to pension plans and other
postretirement benefit plans is based on Management s assumptions related to future events including interest rates, return
on pension plan assets, and health care cost trend rates. Actual pension plan asset performance will either decrease or increase
unamortized pension losses/gains that will affect net earnings in future years. Depending upon the performance of the equity and
bond markets in 2017, the Company could be required to record a charge to other comprehensive income/loss. In addition, if the
discount rate were decreased by 25 basis points from 3.25% to 3.0%, the projected benefit obligation for the defined benefit plan
would increase by approximately $3.2 million and result in an additional after-tax charge to other comprehensive income/loss
of approximately $2.0 million. The discount rate used in measuring the Company s pension and postretirement welfare obligations
was developed by matching yields of actual high-quality corporate bonds to expected future pension plan cash flows (benefit payments).
Over 400 Aa-rated, non-callable bonds with a wide range of maturities were used in the analysis. After using the bond yields to
determine the present value of the plan cash flows, a single representative rate that resulted in the same present value was developed. 

Other Matters  

Contingencies   

As a normal incident of the businesses in which the Company is engaged,
various claims, charges and litigation are asserted or commenced from time to time against the Company. Additionally, the Company
is currently involved in various stages of investigation and remediation relating to environmental matters. It is the opinion of
Management that the aggregate costs involved in the resolution of these matters, and final judgments, if any, which might be rendered
against the Company are adequately reserved for, are covered by insurance, or are not likely to have a material adverse effect
on the Company s results from continuing operations, capital expenditures, or competitive position. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Market risks relating to the Company s operations result primarily
from changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company is exposed to market risk related to
changes in interest rates and selectively uses derivative financial instruments, including forward contracts and swaps, to manage
these risks. During the second quarter of 2016 the Company entered into several forward contracts to purchase pounds sterling to
hedge two deferred payments due in connection with the acquisition of Plastique. All derivative instruments are reported on the
balance sheet at fair value. The derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges and the gain or loss on the derivative
is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income until recognized in earnings with the underlying hedged item. See the further
discussion regarding the Company s market risks in  Market Risk Analysis,  above. 

Controls and Procedures   

For a description of the Company s evaluation of its disclosure
controls and procedures, see Item 9A,  Controls and Procedures.  

New Accounting Pronouncements  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-062,  Leases (Topic
842) , which, among other things, requires an entity to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and
disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This new standard will increase an entity s reported assets and liabilities.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and mandates a modified retrospective transition
period for all entities. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes , which requires entities to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as noncurrent
in a classified balance sheet. This new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company
adopted this new standard during the fourth quarter of 2016 and has applied it on a prospective basis. Therefore, the prior year
balance sheet was not retrospectively adjusted. 

In July 2015, the FASB affirmed its proposed one-year deferral of
ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue
to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The new standard will be effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early application
is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company
is currently in the process of evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures and selecting the method of transition to the new standard. 

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk  

See  Market Risk Analysis  and  Other Matters
    Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
in Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  which are
incorporated into this Item by reference. 

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, the Notes thereto, and the related  Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm  of KPMG LLP, as set forth in the Financial Information section beginning on page F-1 of this Annual
Report; an Index is provided on page F-1. 

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

Not Applicable. 

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  

For 2016 the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The evaluation was conducted under the supervision and
with the participation of the Company s Management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, using the  Internal Control     Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

The material weakness previously identified in the 2015 Form 10-K
was remediated by September 30, 2016. There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

For the remainder of the information required by this item, see
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  and the related  Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm  of KPMG LLP, in the Financial Information section beginning on page F-1 of this Annual
Report, which are incorporated into this Item by reference. 

Item 9B.  Other Information 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

Information regarding nominees and directors, the Company s
Code of Ethics, its Audit and Finance Committee, and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is hereby
incorporated by reference to the sections captioned  Proposal 1: Election of Directors,   Board of Directors
    Governance Policies and Management Oversight,   Committees 
and  Securities Ownership     Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance  in the 2016 Proxy Statement. 

Information regarding the Company s executive officers is
set forth in Item 1,  Business     Executive Officers
of the Registrant,  above. 

Item 11.  Executive Compensation 

Information regarding the Company s compensation
committee and director and executive officer compensation is hereby incorporated by reference to the sections
captioned  Committees     Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation,   Director Compensation  and  Executive Compensation
Information  in the 2016 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of the
Company s common stock by nominees and directors, by executive officers, by directors and executive officers as a group and
by any known five percent stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference to the section captioned  Securities Ownership 
in the 2016 Proxy Statement. 

The following table summarizes certain information regarding shares
of Company common stock that may be issued by the Company pursuant to its equity compensation plans existing as of September 30,
2016: 

(1)   The number of shares is subject to adjustment for future changes in capitalization by stock splits, stock dividends and similar
events.   

(2)   Consists of the Company s 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan and 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan. Since its adoption,
the 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan has been amended without shareholder approval in accordance with its terms, as follows:   

(i)  With respect to performance share distributions, to eliminate the participant s options to pay cash for tax withholding
and receive all shares due or to defer the distribution, and in the case of the 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan, to eliminate
the Committee s discretion to determine the percentage of the distribution to be made in Shares or to be withheld for tax
payments;   

(ii)  To remove the restriction that stock issued pursuant to options must be held for investment purposes only; and   

(iii)  In accordance with Section 409A of the Code, to eliminate the Committee s discretion to grant alternative stock appreciation
rights to stock option holders covering additional shares, and in the case of the 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan, to restrict
the payment of dividend equivalents to recipients of restricted stock awards to the time when the shares to which the dividend
equivalents apply are delivered to the recipients.   

(3)   Includes 95,131 and 332,207 shares issuable in connection with the vesting and distribution of outstanding performance-accelerated
restricted share units awarded under the 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan and 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan, respectively.   

(5)   Represents shares currently available for awards under the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan. No shares remain available for
issuance under the 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan.   

(6)   Does not include shares that may be purchased on the open market pursuant to the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan
(ESPP). Under the ESPP, participants may elect to have up to 10% of their current salary or wages withheld and contributed to one
or more independent trustees for the purchase of shares. At the discretion of an officer of the Company, the Company or a domestic
subsidiary or division may contribute cash in an amount not to exceed 20% of the amounts contributed by participants; however,
the total number of shares purchased with the Company s matching contributions after October 15, 2003 may not exceed 200,000.
As of September 30, 2016, 580,655 shares had been purchased with the Company s matching funds of which 168,633 were purchased
after October 15, 2003.   

(7)   Represents shares issuable pursuant to the Company s Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Director Compensation
Plan), which provides for each director to be paid (in addition to other fees) an annual retainer fee payable partially in cash
and partially in shares. Periodically, the Committee determines the amount of the retainer fee and the allocation of the fee between
cash and shares. The maximum number of Shares available for issuance under the Director Compensation Plan is 400,000 shares; as
of September 30, 2016, 302,442 shares had been issued and a total of approximately 38,179 shares had been elected by three directors
to be issued on a deferred basis. The stock portion of the retainer fee is payable in quarterly installments. Directors may elect
to defer receipt of all of their cash compensation and/or all of the stock portion of the retainer fee. The deferred amounts are
credited to the director s deferred compensation account in stock equivalents and are distributed at a future date or dates
specified by the director unless distribution is accelerated in certain circumstances, including a change in control of the Company.
Deferred cash compensation may be distributed in shares or cash, but any deferred stock portion may only be distributed in shares.   

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence 

Information regarding transactions with related parties and the
independence of the Company s directors, nominees for directors and members of the committees of the board of directors is
hereby incorporated by reference to the sections captioned  Board of Directors  and  Committees  in the
2016 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Information regarding the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm, its fees and services, and the Company s Audit and Finance Committee s pre-approval policies
and procedures regarding such fees and services, is hereby incorporated by reference to the section captioned  Audit-Related
Matters  in the 2016 Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)  The following documents are filed as a part of this Report:   

(1)    Financial Statements.   The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, and the Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm thereon of KPMG LLP, are included in this Report beginning on page F-1; an Index thereto is set forth on
page F-1.   

(2)    Financial Statement Schedules.   Financial Statement Schedules are omitted because either they are not applicable
or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto.   

(3)    Exhibits.   The following exhibits are filed with this Report or incorporated herein by reference to the document
location indicated:   

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description   
       
       Document Location    

3.1(a)  
       
      Restated Articles of Incorporation  
       
      Exhibit 3(a) to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1999   

3.1(b)  
         
      Amended Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock  
       
      Exhibit 4(e) to the Company s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2000   

3.1(c)  
         
      Articles of Merger, effective July 10, 2000  
       
      Exhibit 3(c) to the Company s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2000   

3.2  
       
      Bylaws  
       
      Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 7, 2014   

4.1  
       
      Specimen revised Common Stock Certificate  
       
      Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2010   

4.2  
       
      Credit Agreement dated as of May 14, 2012 among the Registrant, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association as Syndication Agent, and SunTrust Bank, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Bank of America, N.A. as Co-Documentation Agents.  
       
      Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed May 18, 2012   

4.3  
       
      Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2015 among the Registrant, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., BMO Harris Bank, N.A., SunTrust Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Co-Documentation Agents  
       
      Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 23, 2015   

4.4  
       
      Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2015, made as of September 30, 2016  
       
      Filed herewith   

10.1  
       
      Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 14, 2014 between ESCO Technologies Holding LLC and Meter Readings Holding LLC  
       
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 28, 2014   

10.2  
       
      Form of Indemnification Agreement with each of ESCO s non-employee directors  
       
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012   

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description   
       
       Document Location    

10.14(c)  
      *  
      Third Amendment to Employment Agreement with Gary E. Muenster, effective December 31, 2007  
       
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed January 7, 2008 (Third Amendment with Gary E. Muenster is substantially identical to the referenced Exhibit except that (i) the termination amounts payable under Paragraph 9.a(1) are equal to base salary for 12 months and (ii) under Paragraph 9.a(1)(B), such termination amounts may be paid in biweekly installments equal to 1/26th of such amounts, and is therefore omitted as a separate exhibit pursuant to Rule 12b-31)   

10.14(d)  
      *  
      Fourth Amendment to Employment Agreement with Gary E. Muenster, effective February 6, 2008  
       
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed February 12, 2008   

10.15(a)  
      *  
      Employment Agreement with Alyson S. Barclay, effective November 3, 1999  
       
      Exhibit 10(bb) to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1999 (Agreement with Alyson S. Barclay is substantially identical to the referenced Exhibit except that it provides a minimum base salary of $94,000, and is therefore omitted as a separate exhibit pursuant to Rule 12b-31)   

10.15(b)  
      *  
      Second Amendment to Employment Agreement with Alyson S. Barclay, effective May 5, 2004  
       
      Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2004 (Second Amendment with Alyson S. Barclay is substantially identical to the referenced Exhibit, and is therefore omitted as a separate exhibit pursuant to Rule 12b-31)   

10.15(c)  
      *  
      Third Amendment to Employment Agreement with Alyson S. Barclay, effective December 31, 2007  
       
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed January 7, 2008 (Note: Third Amendment with Alyson S. Barclay is substantially identical to the referenced Exhibit except that (i) the termination amounts payable under Paragraph 9.a(1) are equal to base salary for 12 months and (ii) under Paragraph 9.a(1)(B), such termination amounts may be paid in biweekly installments equal to 1/26th of such amounts, and is therefore omitted as a separate exhibit pursuant to Rule 12b-31)   

10.15(d)  
      *  
      Fourth Amendment to Employment Agreement with Alyson S. Barclay, effective July 29, 2010  
       
      Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 3, 2010   

21  
       
      Subsidiaries of the Company  
       
      Filed herewith   

23  
       
      Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
       
      Filed herewith   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
       
      Filed herewith   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer  
       
      Filed herewith   

32  
      **  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  
       
      Filed herewith   

101.INS  
      ***  
      XBRL Instance Document  
       
      Submitted herewith   

101.SCH  
      ***  
      XBRL Schema Document  
       
      Submitted herewith   

101.CAL  
      ***  
      XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document  
       
      Submitted herewith   

101.LAB  
      ***  
      XBRL Label Linkbase Document  
       
      Submitted herewith   

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description   
       
       Document Location    

101.PRE  
      ***  
      XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document  
       
      Submitted herewith   

101.DEF  
      ***  
      XBRL Definition Linkbase Document  
       
      Submitted herewith   

*  Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or
arrangement. 

**  Furnished (and not filed) herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K.   

***  Exhibit 101 to this report consists of documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting
Language).   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

ESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC.   

By:  
      /s/ Victor L. Richey   

Victor L. Richey   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 29, 2016   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature  
       
      Title  
       
      Date   

/s/ Victor L. Richey  
       
      Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer  
       
      November 29, 2016   
 
       Victor L. Richey  
       
      and Director  

/s/ Gary E. Muenster  
       
      Executive Vice President, Chief Financial  
       
      November 29, 2016   
 
       Gary E. Muenster  
       
      Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)  

and Director  

/s/ Vinod M. Khilnani  
       
      Director  
       
      November 29, 2016   
 
       Vinod M. Khilnani  

/s/ Leon J. Olivier  
       
      Director  
       
      November 29, 2016   
 
       Leon J. Olivier  

/s/ Robert J. Phillippy  
       
      Director  
       
      November 29, 2016   
 
       Robert J. Phillippy  

/s/ Larry W. Solley  
       
      Director  
       
      November 29, 2016   
 
       Larry W. Solley  

/s/ James M. Stolze  
       
      Director  
       
      November 29, 2016   
 
       James M. Stolze  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

INDEX  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
      F-2   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      F-3   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
      F-3   
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      F-4   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity   
      F-6   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-7   
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      F-8   
 
       Management s Statement of Financial Responsibility   
      F-27   
 
       Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
      F-28   
 
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
      F-29   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 ESCO Technologies Inc.: 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ESCO Technologies Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of ESCO Technologies Inc. and subsidiaries as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), ESCO Technologies Inc. s internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)  issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated November 29, 2016 expressed
an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

St. Louis, Missouri 

 November 29, 2016 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS)  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

A.  Principles of Consolidation 

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of ESCO
Technologies Inc. (ESCO) and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the Company). All significant intercompany transactions and accounts
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

B.  Basis of Presentation 

The Company s fiscal year ends September 30.
Throughout these Consolidated Financial Statements, unless the context indicates otherwise, references to a year (for example
2016) refer to the Company s fiscal year ending on September 30 of that year. Certain prior period amounts have been
reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

Aclara is reflected as discontinued operations in the consolidated
financial statements and related notes for all periods presented, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (GAAP).
See Note 3. 

C.  Nature of Operations 

The Company is organized based on the products and services it offers,
and classifies its business operations in segments for financial reporting purposes. Beginning in the second quarter of 2016 Management
expanded the presentation of its reporting segments to include a fourth segment, Technical Packaging. This segment was created
to separately disclose TEQ along with the recently acquired Plastique and Fremont businesses, as they no longer met the criteria
for aggregation with the Filtration segment. Prior period segment amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period
presentation. 

Under the current organizational structure, the Company has four
segments for financial reporting purposes: Filtration, RF Shielding and Test (Test), Utility Solutions Group (USG) and Technical
Packaging. 

Filtration:   
The companies within this segment primarily design and manufacture specialty filtration products including hydraulic filter elements
and fluid control devices used in commercial aerospace applications, unique filter mechanisms used in micro-propulsion devices
for satellites and custom designed filters for manned aircraft and submarines. 

Test:   
ETS-Lindgren Inc. provides its customers with the ability to identify, measure and contain magnetic,
electromagnetic and acoustic energy. 

USG:   
Doble provides high-end, intelligent, diagnostic test solutions for the electric power delivery industry. 

Technical Packaging:   
 The companies within this segment provide innovative solutions to the medical and commercial
markets for thermoformed and precision molded pulp fiber packages and specialty products using a wide variety of thin gauge plastics
and pulp.  

D.  Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

E.  Revenue Recognition 

Filtration:   
Within the Filtration segment, approximately 83% of revenues (approximately 30% of consolidated revenues) are recognized when products
are delivered (when title and risk of ownership transfers) or when services are performed for unaffiliated customers. 

Approximately 17% of segment revenues (approximately 6% of consolidated
revenues) are recorded under the percentage-of-completion method. The majority of these contracts are cost-reimbursable contracts
which provide for the payment of allowable costs incurred during the performance of the contract plus an incentive fee. The remainder
of the contracts are fixed-price contracts. Products accounted for under this guidance include the design, development and manufacture
of complex fluid control products, quiet valves, manifolds and systems primarily for the aerospace and military markets. For fixed-price
contracts that are accounted for under this guidance, the Company estimates profit as the difference between total estimated revenue
and total estimated cost of a contract and recognizes these revenues and costs based on units delivered. The percentage-of-completion
method of accounting involves the use of various techniques to estimate expected costs at completion. 

Test:   
Within the Test segment, approximately 31% of revenues (approximately 9% of consolidated revenues) are recognized when products
are delivered (when title and risk of ownership transfers) or when services are performed for unaffiliated customers. 

Approximately 69% of the segment s revenues (approximately
20% of consolidated revenues) are recorded under the percentage-of-completion method due to the complex nature of the enclosures
that are designed and produced under these contracts. Products accounted for under this guidance include the construction and installation
of complex test chambers to a buyer s specifications that provide its customers with the ability to measure and contain magnetic,
electromagnetic and acoustic energy. As discussed above, for arrangements that are accounted for under this guidance, the Company
estimates profit as the difference between total estimated revenue and total estimated cost of a contract and recognizes these
revenues and costs based primarily on contract milestones. 

The percentage-of-completion method of accounting involves the use
of various techniques to estimate expected costs at completion. These estimates are based on Management s judgment and the
Company s substantial experience in developing these types of estimates. 

USG    : 
Within the USG segment, 100% of segment revenues (approximately 22% of consolidated revenues) are recognized when
products are delivered (when title and risk of ownership transfers), when services are performed for unaffiliated customers or
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Technical Packaging:   
 Within the Technical Packaging segment, 100% of revenues (13% of consolidated revenues)
are recognized when products are delivered (when title and risk of ownership transfers) or when services are performed for unaffiliated
customers.  

F.  Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash equivalents include temporary investments that are readily
convertible into cash, such as money market funds, with original maturities of three months or less. 

G.  Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable have been reduced by an allowance for amounts
that the Company estimates are uncollectible in the future. This estimated allowance is based on Management s evaluation
of the financial condition of the customer and historical write-off experience. 

H.  Costs and Estimated Earnings on Long-Term Contracts 

Costs and estimated earnings on long-term contracts represent unbilled
revenues, including accrued profits, accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method, net of progress billings. 

I.  Inventories 

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out)
or market value. Inventories are regularly reviewed for excess quantities and obsolescence based upon historical experience, specific
identification of discontinued items, future demand, and market conditions. Inventories under long-term contracts reflect accumulated
production costs, factory overhead, initial tooling and other related costs less the portion of such costs charged to cost of sales
and any unliquidated progress payments. 

J.  Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation
and amortization are computed primarily on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets: buildings, 10-40
years; machinery and equipment, 3-10 years; and office furniture and equipment, 3-10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized
over the remaining term of the applicable lease or their estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. Long-lived tangible assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate the carrying value of the assets may
not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized based on fair value. 

K.  Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets 

Goodwill represents the excess of purchase costs over the fair value
of net identifiable assets acquired in business acquisitions. Management annually reviews goodwill and other long-lived assets
with indefinite useful lives for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not
be recoverable. If the Company determines that the carrying value of the long-lived asset may not be recoverable, a permanent impairment
charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. Fair value is measured
based on a discounted cash flow method using a discount rate determined by Management to be commensurate with the risk inherent
in the Company s current business model. 

Other intangible assets represent costs allocated to
identifiable intangible assets, principally customer relationships, capitalized software, patents, trademarks, and technology
rights. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to their
estimated residual values, and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate the
carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. See Note 4 regarding goodwill and other intangible assets activity. 

L.  Capitalized Software 

The costs incurred for the development of computer software that
will be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are charged to expense when incurred as research and development until technological
feasibility has been established for the product. Technological feasibility is typically established upon completion of a detailed
program design. Costs incurred after this point are capitalized on a project-by-project basis. Capitalized costs consist of internal
and external development costs. Upon general release of the product to customers, the Company ceases capitalization and begins
amortization, which is calculated on a project-by-project basis as the greater of (1) the ratio of current gross revenues for a
product to the total of current and anticipated future gross revenues for the product or (2) the straight-line method over the
estimated economic life of the product. The Company generally amortizes the software development costs over a three-to-seven year
period based upon the estimated future economic life of the product. Factors considered in determining the estimated future economic
life of the product include anticipated future revenues, and changes in software and hardware technologies. Management annually
reviews the carrying values of capitalized costs for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
amount may not be recoverable. If expected cash flows are insufficient to recover the carrying amount of the asset, then an impairment
loss is recognized to state the asset at its net realizable value. 

M.  Income Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets may be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of
a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company regularly reviews its
deferred tax assets for recoverability and establishes a valuation allowance when Management believes it is more likely than not
such assets will not be recovered, taking into consideration historical operating results, expectations of future earnings, tax
planning strategies, and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. 

N.   Research and Development Costs 

Company-sponsored research and development costs include research
and development and bid and proposal efforts related to the Company s products and services. Company-sponsored product development
costs are charged to expense when incurred. Customer-sponsored research and development costs incurred pursuant to contracts are
accounted for similarly to other program costs. Customer-sponsored research and development costs refer to certain situations whereby
customers provide funding to support specific contractually defined research and development costs. 

O.   Foreign Currency Translation 

The financial statements of the Company s foreign operations
are translated into U.S. dollars in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 830,  Foreign Currency Matters . The resulting translation
adjustments are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income. 

P.   Earnings Per Share 

Basic earnings per share is calculated using the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period plus shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of dilutive common share options
and vesting of performance-accelerated restricted shares using the treasury stock method. 

The number of shares used in the calculation of earnings per share
for each year presented is as follows: 

Q.   Share-Based Compensation 

The Company provides compensation benefits to certain key employees
under several share-based plans providing for employee stock options and/or performance-accelerated restricted shares (restricted
shares), and to non-employee directors under a non-employee directors compensation plan. Share-based payment expense is measured
at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
(generally the vesting period of the award). 

R.   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss of $(39.3) million at September
30, 2016 consisted of $(34.5) million related to the pension net actuarial loss; $(4.7) million related to currency translation
adjustments; and $(0.1) million related to forward exchange contracts. Accumulated other comprehensive loss of $(32.5) million
at September 30, 2015 consisted of $(29.2) million related to the pension net actuarial loss; $(3.2) million related to currency
translation adjustments; and $(0.1) million related to forward exchange contracts. 

S.   Deferred Revenue And Costs 

Deferred revenue and costs are recorded when products or services
have been provided but the criteria for revenue recognition have not been met. If there is a customer acceptance provision or there
is uncertainty about customer acceptance, revenue and costs are deferred until the customer has accepted the product or service. 

T.   Derivative Financial Instruments 

All derivative financial instruments are reported on the balance
sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated
and qualifies as a hedge and on the type of hedge. For each derivative instrument designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective
portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income until recognized in earnings
with the underlying hedged item. For each derivative instrument designated as a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative
and the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item are recognized immediately in earnings. Regardless of type, a fully effective
hedge will result in no net earnings impact while the derivative is outstanding. To the extent that any hedge is ineffective at
offsetting cash flow or fair value changes in the underlying hedged item, there could be a net earnings impact. 

U.  Fair Value Measurements 

Fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could be exchanged
in a current transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties or the amount that would be paid to transfer a liability to a new
obligor, not the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor. Where available, fair value is based on observable
market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation
models are applied. These valuation techniques involve some level of Management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is
dependent on the price transparency for the instruments or market and the instruments  complexity. 

The accounting guidance establishes a three-level hierarchy for
disclosure of fair value measurements, based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the
measurement date, as follows: 

Level 1   Inputs to the valuation methodology are
quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2  Inputs to the valuation methodology include
quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level 3   Inputs to the valuation methodology are
unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 

Financial Assets and Liabilities   

The Company has estimated the fair value of its financial instruments
as of September 30, 2016 using available market information or other appropriate valuation methodologies. The carrying amounts
of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, inventories, payables and other current assets and liabilities approximate fair value
because of the short maturity of those instruments. 

Nonfinancial Assets and Liabilities   

The Company s nonfinancial assets such as property, plant
and equipment, and other intangible assets are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis; however they are subject to fair
value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence that an impairment may exist. No impairments were recorded
during 2016. 

V.  New Accounting Standards 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-062,  Leases (Topic
842) , which, among other things, requires an entity to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and
disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This new standard will increase an entities  reported assets and liabilities.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and mandates a modified retrospective transition
period for all entities. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes, which requires entities to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as noncurrent
in a classified balance sheet. This new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company
adopted this new standard during the fourth quarter of 2016 and has applied it on a prospective basis. Therefore, the prior year
balance sheet was not retrospectively adjusted. 

In July 2015, the FASB affirmed its proposed one-year deferral of
ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue
to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The new standard will be effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early application
is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company
is currently in the process of evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures and selecting the method of transition to the new standard. 

2.    Acquisitions  

2016    

On September 2, 2016, the Company acquired the stock of Westland
Technologies, Inc. (Westland), located in Modesto, California, for a purchase price of approximately $41 million in cash. Westland
is a market leader in the design, development and manufacture of elastomeric-based signature reduction solutions which enhance
U.S. Naval maritime platform survivability. Westland has annual sales of approximately $25 million. Since the date of acquisition,
the operating results for Westland have been included within the Company s Filtration segment. Based on the preliminary purchase
price allocation, the Company recorded tangible assets, net, of $5.5 million, deferred tax liabilities of $10.4 million, goodwill
of $17.9 million, and $28.3 million of identifiable intangible assets primarily consisting of customer relationships. 

On January 29, 2016, the Company acquired Plastique Limited and
Plastique Sp. z o.o. (together, Plastique), headquartered in Tunbridge Wells, England with manufacturing locations in Nottingham,
England and Poznan, Poland, for a purchase price of approximately $31.6 million (of which $2.7 million is due over the next three
years). Plastique is a market leader in the development and manufacture of highly-technical thermoformed plastic and precision
molded pulp fiber packaging primarily serving pharmaceutical, personal care, and various specialty end markets. Since the date
of acquisition, the operating results for Plastique have been included within the Company s Technical Packaging segment.
Plastique has annual sales of approximately $35 million. Based on the purchase price allocation, the Company recorded tangible
assets, net, of $9.6 million, goodwill of $10.2 million, and $11.9 million of identifiable intangible assets primarily consisting
of customer relationships. 

On October 16, 2015, the Company acquired the stock of Fremont Plastics,
Inc. (Fremont) for a purchase price of $10.5 million in cash. The Company also purchased for $2 million Fremont s real property
located in Fremont, Indiana. Fremont was a developer, manufacturer, promoter and seller of high quality sterile-ready and non-sterile
thin gauge thermoformed medical plastic packaging products. Immediately following the closing of the transaction, Fremont was merged
into TEQ, and therefore since the date of acquisition the operating results for Fremont have been included as part of TEQ. 

2015    

On January 28, 2015, the Company acquired the assets of Enoserv
LLC (Enoserv), headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for $20.5 million in cash. Enoserv provides utility customers with high quality,
user-friendly multi-platform software and has annual revenues of approximately $8 million. Since the date of acquisition the operating
results for Enoserv have been included as part of Doble within the Company s USG segment. Based on the purchase price allocation,
the Company recorded approximately $10.0 million of goodwill and $9.0 million of amortizable identifiable intangible assets consisting
primarily of customer relationships and developed technology. 

All of the Company s acquisitions have been accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting and accordingly, the respective purchase prices were allocated to the assets (including
intangible assets) acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The financial results
from these acquisitions have been included in the Company s financial statements from the date of acquisition. Pro forma
financial information related to the Company s acquisitions was not presented as it was not significant to the Company s
results of operations. None of the goodwill recorded as part of the acquisitions mentioned above is expected to be deductible for
U.S. Federal or state income tax purposes. 

3.    Aclara Divestiture  

On March 28, 2014, the Company completed the sale of Aclara to an
affiliate of Sun Capital Partners, Inc. The divestiture generated approximately $135 million of gross cash proceeds. A disagreement
between the parties over the calculation of the final working capital adjustment was resolved by arbitration on June 15,
2015, resulting in a cash payment to the Company of $2.3 million. Aclara is reflected as discontinued operations in the consolidated
financial statements and related notes for all periods presented. 

Aclara s pretax earnings (loss) recorded in discontinued operations
was $1.2 million and $(48.2) million for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The 2014 pretax loss consisted
of Aclara s pretax earnings from its results of operations of $15.6 million and a pretax loss of $63.8 million on the sale
of Aclara. Aclara s net sales were $129.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Aclara s operations were
included within the Company s USG segment prior to the classification as discontinued operations. 

4.  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Included on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at September
30, 2016 and 2015 are the following intangible assets gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization: 

The Company performed its annual evaluation of goodwill and intangible
assets for impairment during the fourth quarter of 2016 and concluded no impairment existed at September 30, 2016. 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to each
business segment for 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

Amortization expense related to intangible assets with determinable
lives was $11.6 million, $8.9 million and $6.7 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Patents are amortized over the life
of the patents, generally 17 years. Capitalized software is amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally
three to seven years. Customer relationships are generally amortized over twenty years. Intangible asset amortization for fiscal
years 2017 through 2021 is estimated at approximately $15 million per year. 

5.  Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts,
consist of the following at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

6.  Inventories 

Inventories consist of the following at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

7.  Related Parties 

One of the Company s directors is an officer at a customer
of the Company s subsidiary Doble. Doble sells products, leases equipment and provides testing services to the customer in
the ordinary course of Doble s business. The total amount of these sales were approximately $1.4 million, $0.8 million and
$0.8 million during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. All transactions between Doble and the customer are intended to be
and have been consistent with Doble s normal commercial terms offered to its customers, and the Company s Board of Directors has determined that  the
relationship between the Company and the customer is not material and did not impair either the Company s or the director s
independence . 

8.    Income Tax Expense  

Total income tax expense (benefit) for 2016, 2015 and 2014 was allocated
to income tax expense as follows: 

The components of income from continuing operations before income
taxes for 2016, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following: 

The principal components of income tax expense (benefit) from continuing
operations for 2016, 2015 and 2014 consist of: 

The actual income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations
for 2016, 2015 and 2014 differs from the expected tax expense for those years (computed by applying the U.S. Federal corporate
statutory rate) as follows: 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented below: 

The Company has a foreign net operating loss (NOL) carryforward
of $18.7 million at September 30, 2016, which reflects tax loss carryforwards in Brazil, Germany, India, Finland, China, South
Africa and the United Kingdom. $17.7 million of the tax loss carryforwards have no expiration date while the remaining $1.0 million
will expire between 2019 and 2025. The Company has state NOL carryforwards of $0.3 million at September 30, 2016 which expire between
2025 and 2036. The Company also has net state research and other credit carryforwards of $1.9 million of which $1.5 million expires
between 2025 and 2036. The remaining $0.4 million does not have an expiration date. 

The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.7 million and $4.1 million, respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance for each of
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was an increase of $1.6 million and a decrease of $0.2 million, respectively. The Company
has established a valuation allowance against state credit carryforwards of $0.6 million and $0.5 million at September 30, 2016
and 2015. In addition, the Company has established a valuation allowance against state NOL carryforwards that are not expected
to be realized in future periods of $0.3 million at both September 30, 2016 and 2015. Lastly, the Company has established a valuation
allowance against certain NOL carryforwards in foreign jurisdictions which may not be realized in future periods. The valuation
allowance established against the foreign NOL carryforwards was $4.8 million and $3.3 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company s foreign subsidiaries have accumulated unremitted
earnings of $46.3 million and cash of $45.2 million at September 30, 2016. No deferred taxes have been provided on these accumulated
unremitted earnings because these funds are not needed to meet the liquidity requirements of the Company s U.S. operations
and it is the Company s intention to indefinitely reinvest these earnings in continuing international operations. In the
event these foreign entities  earnings were distributed, it is estimated that U.S. taxes, net of available foreign tax credits,
of approximately $7.4 million would be due, which would correspondingly reduce the Company s net earnings. No significant
portion of the Company s foreign subsidiaries  earnings was taxed at a very low tax rate. 

The Company had $0.1 million of unrecognized benefits as of both
September 30, 2016 and 2015, which, net of Federal benefit, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate. 

The Company does not anticipate a material change in the amount
of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. The Company s policy is to include interest related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense and penalties in operating expense. As of September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company had
zero accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions, net of Federal income tax benefit, on its Consolidated Balance Sheets.
No significant penalties have been accrued. 

The principal jurisdictions for which the Company files income tax
returns are U.S. Federal and the various city, state, and international locations where the Company has operations. The U.S.
Federal tax years for the periods ended September 30, 2012 and forward remain subject to income tax examination. Various state
tax years for the periods ended September 30, 2012 and forward remain subject to income tax examinations. The Company is subject
to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the United States, none of which is individually significant. 

Debt consists of the following at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

On December 21, 2015, the Company amended its existing credit facility
to extend the maturity date from May 13, 2017 through December 21, 2020, and to reduce the outstanding borrowing rates and commitment
fees. Consistent with the prior credit facility, the amended facility includes a $450 million revolving line of credit as well
as provisions allowing for the increase of the credit facility commitment amount by an additional $250 million, if necessary, with
the consent of the lenders. The bank syndication supporting the new facility is comprised of a diverse group of nine banks led
by JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $335 million
available to borrow under the Credit Facility, plus a $250 million increase option, in addition to $53.8 million cash on hand.
The Company classified $20.0 million as the current portion of long-term debt as of September 30, 2016, as the Company intends
to repay this amount within the next twelve months; however, the Company has no contractual obligation to repay such amount during
the next twelve months. 

The Credit Facility requires, as determined by certain financial
ratios, a facility fee ranging from 12.5 to 27.5 basis points per annum on the unused portion. The terms of the facility provide
that interest on borrowings may be calculated at a spread over the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or based on the prime
rate, at the Company s election. The facility is secured by the unlimited guaranty of the Company s material domestic
subsidiaries and a 65% pledge of the material foreign subsidiaries  share equity. The financial covenants of the Credit Facility
include a leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. During 2016 and 2015, the maximum aggregate short-term borrowings at any
month-end were $110 million and $83 million, respectively; the average aggregate short-term borrowings outstanding based on month-end
balances were $89.2 million and $68.5 million, respectively; and the weighted average interest rates were 1.58%, 1.27% and 1.48%
for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The letters of credit issued and outstanding under the Credit Facility totaled $4.9 million
and $8.0 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The 30,364,183 and 30,358,864 common shares as presented in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and 2015 represent the actual number of shares issued at the respective
dates. The Company held 4,647,322 and 4,542,214 common shares in treasury at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

In August 2012, the Company s Board of Directors authorized
a common stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase shares of its stock from time to time in its discretion,
in the open market or otherwise, up to a maximum total repurchase amount of $100 million (or such lesser amount as may be permitted
under the Company s bank credit agreements). This program has been repeatedly extended by the Company s Board of Directors
and is currently scheduled to expire September 30, 2017. The Company repurchased approximately 120,000 shares for $4.3 million
in 2016, 517,000 shares for $18.2 million in 2015, and 350,000 shares for $12.0 million in 2014. 

11.    Share-Based Compensation  

The Company provides compensation benefits to certain key
employees under several share-based plans providing for performance-accelerated restricted share unit (PARS) awards, and
to non-employee directors under a non-employee directors compensation plan. The Company has no stock options
currently outstanding. 

Performance-Accelerated Restricted Share Unit
Awards    

A PARS award represents the right to receive a specified
number of shares of Company common stock if and when the award vests. A PARS award is not stock and does not give the
recipient any rights as a shareholder until it vests and is paid out in shares of stock. PARS awards currently outstanding
have a five-year vesting period, with accelerated vesting if certain targets based on market conditions are achieved. In these
cases, if it is probable that the performance condition will be met, the Company recognizes compensation cost on
a straight-line basis over the shorter performance period; otherwise, it will recognize compensation cost over the
longer service period. Compensation cost for the majority of the outstanding PARS awards is being recognized over the
shorter performance period as it is probable the performance condition will be met. The PARS award grants were valued at the
stock price on the date of grant. Pretax compensation expense related to the PARS awards for continuing operations was
$3.9 million, $4.0 million and $4.1 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The following summary presents information regarding outstanding
PARS awards as of the specified dates, and changes during the specified periods: 

Non-Employee Directors Plan    

The non-employee directors compensation plan provides to each non-employee
director a retainer of 900 common shares per quarter. Compensation expense related to the non-employee director grants was $0.8
million, $0.8 million and $0.7 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Total Share-Based Compensation    

The total share-based compensation cost that has been recognized
in results of operations and included within SG A from continuing operations was $4.7 million, $4.8 million and $4.8 million
for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized in results of operations for share-based compensation
arrangements was $1.3 million, $1.6 million and $1.3 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company has elected to
use tax law ordering rules when calculating the income tax benefit associated with its share-based payment arrangements. In addition,
the Company elected to use the simplified method of calculating the pool of excess tax benefits available to absorb tax deficiencies
recognized. As of September 30, 2016, there was $5.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation
arrangements. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years. 

12.    Retirement and Other Benefit Plans  

Substantially all domestic employees were covered by a defined contribution
pension plan maintained by the Company. Effective December 31, 2003, the Company s defined benefit plan was frozen and no
additional benefits have been accrued after that date. As a result, the accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation
are equal. These frozen retirement income benefits are provided to employees under defined benefit pay-related and flat-dollar
plans, which are noncontributory. The annual contributions to the defined benefit retirement plan equal or exceed the minimum funding
requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. In addition to providing retirement income benefits, the Company provides
unfunded postretirement health and life insurance benefits to certain retirees. To qualify, an employee must retire at age 55 or
later and the employee s age plus service must equal or exceed 75. Retiree contributions are defined as a percentage of medical
premiums. Consequently, retiree contributions increase with increases in the medical premiums. The life insurance plans are noncontributory
and provide coverage of a flat dollar amount for qualifying retired employees. Effective December 31, 2004, no new retirees were
eligible for life insurance benefits. 

The Company uses a measurement date of September 30 for its pension
and other postretirement benefit plans. The Company has an accrued benefit liability of $0.7 million and $0.9 million at September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to its other postretirement benefit obligations. All other information related to its
postretirement benefit plans is not considered material to the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 

The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in
the pension plans and fair value of assets over the two-year period ended September 30, 2016, and a statement of the funded status
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other
comprehensive (income) loss into net periodic benefit cost (income) in 2017 is $2.5 million. 

The following table provides the components of net periodic benefit
cost for the plans for 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

The discount rate used in measuring the Company s pension
obligations was developed by matching yields of actual high-quality corporate bonds to expected future pension plan cash flows
(benefit payments). Over 400 Aa-rated, non-callable bonds with a wide range of maturities were used in the analysis. After using
the bond yields to determine the present value of the plan cash flows, a single representative rate that resulted in the same present
value was developed. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption was determined by reviewing the actual investment
return of the plans since inception and evaluating those returns in relation to expectations of various investment organizations
to determine whether long-term future returns are expected to differ significantly from the past. 

The following weighted-average assumptions were used to determine
the net periodic benefit cost for the pension plans: 

The following weighted-average assumptions were used to determine
the net periodic benefit obligations for the pension plans: 

The assumed rate of increase in compensation levels is not applicable
in 2016, 2015 and 2014 as the plan was frozen in earlier years. 

The asset allocation for the Company s pension plans at the
end of 2016 and 2015, the Company s acceptable range and the target allocation for 2017, by asset category, are as follows: 

The Company s pension plan assets are managed by outside investment
managers and assets are rebalanced when the target ranges are exceeded. Pension plan assets consist principally of funds which
invest in marketable securities including common stocks, bonds, and interest-bearing deposits. The Company s investment strategy
with respect to pension assets is to achieve a total rate of return (income and capital appreciation) that is sufficient to accomplish
the purpose of providing retirement benefits to all eligible and future retirees of the pension plan. The Company regularly monitors
performance and compliance with investment guidelines. 

Fair Value of Financial Measurements    

The fair values of the Company s defined benefit plan investments
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, by asset category, were as follows: 

The following methods were used to estimate the fair value of each
class of financial instrument: 

Cash
and cash equivalents :   The carrying value of cash represents fair value as it consists of actual currency. 

Investment
Funds :   The fair value of the investment funds, which offer daily redemptions, is determined based on the published
net asset value of the funds as a practical expedient for fair value. 

Expected Cash Flows    

Information about the expected cash flows for the pension and other
postretirement benefit plans follows: 

13.    Derivative Financial Instruments  

Market risks relating to the Company s operations result primarily
from changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company is exposed to market risk related to
changes in interest rates and selectively uses derivative financial instruments, including forward contracts and swaps, to manage
these risks. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company entered into several forward contracts to purchase pounds sterling
(GBP) to hedge two deferred payments due in connection with the acquisition of Plastique. During 2015, the Company entered into
a forward contract to purchase Euros to hedge the foreign currency risk related to Euro-denominated inventory payments. The Company
expects hedging gains or losses to be essentially offset by losses or gains on the related underlying exposures. The amounts ultimately
recognized may differ for open positions, which remain subject to ongoing market price fluctuations until settlement. The derivative
instruments are designated as cash flow hedges and the gain or loss on the derivative is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive
income until recognized in earnings with the underlying hedged item. The fair value of the foreign currency derivative is classified
in accrued expenses on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following is a summary of the notional transaction amounts
and fair values for the Company s outstanding derivative financial instruments as of September 30, 2016. 

Fair value of financial instruments   

The Company s forward contracts are classified within Level
2 of the valuation hierarchy in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 825, as presented below as of September
30, 2016: 

Valuation was based on third party evidence of similarly priced
derivative instruments. 

14.       Other Financial
Data  

Items charged to continuing operations during 2016, 2015 and 2014
included the following: 

15.    Business Segment Information  

The Company is organized based on the products and services it
offers, and classifies its business operations in segments for financial reporting purposes. Currently, the Company has four
reporting segments: Filtration/Fluid Flow (Filtration), RF Shielding and Test (Test), Utility Solutions Group (USG) and
Technical Packaging. 

The Filtration segment s operations consist of: PTI Technologies
Inc., VACCO Industries (VACCO), Crissair, Inc. (Crissair) and Westland Technologies Inc. (Westland). The companies in this segment
primarily design and manufacture specialty filtration products including hydraulic filter elements and fluid control devices used
in commercial aerospace applications, unique filter mechanisms used in micro-propulsion devices for satellites and custom designed
filters for manned aircraft and submarines. 

Test segment operations consist of ETS-Lindgren Inc. and related
subsidiaries (ETS-Lindgren). ETS-Lindgren is an industry leader in providing its customers with the ability to identify, measure
and contain magnetic, electromagnetic and acoustic energy. ETS-Lindgren also manufactures radio frequency shielding products and
components used by manufacturers of medical equipment, communications systems, electronic products, and shielded rooms for high-security
data processing and secure communication. 

The USG segment s operations consist of Doble Engineering
Company and related subsidiaries (Doble). Doble provides high-end, intelligent diagnostic test solutions for the electric power
delivery industry and is a leading supplier of power factor and partial discharge testing instruments used to assess the integrity
of high-voltage power delivery equipment. Previously, USG also included Aclara Technologies LLC. See Note 3. 

The Technical Packaging segment s operations consist of Thermoform
Engineered Quality LLC (TEQ) and Plastique.  The companies
within this segment provide innovative solutions to the medical and commercial markets for thermoformed and precision molded pulp
fiber packages and specialty products using a wide variety of thin gauge plastics and pulp.  

Accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described
in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The operating units within
each reporting segment have been aggregated because of similar economic characteristics and meet the other aggregation criteria
of FASB ASC 280. 

The Company evaluates the performance of its operating units
based on EBIT, which is defined as earnings before interest and taxes. EBIT on a consolidated basis is a non-GAAP
financial measure; see  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Intersegment sales and transfers are not significant. Segment
assets consist primarily of customer receivables, inventories, capitalized software and fixed assets directly associated with
the production processes of the segment. Segment depreciation and amortization is based upon the direct assets listed
above. 

Net Sales    

No customer exceeded 10% of sales in 2016 or 2015; one customer
exceeded 10% of sales in 2014. 

EBIT     

Identifiable Assets    

Corporate assets consist primarily of goodwill, deferred taxes,
acquired intangible assets, cash balances and assets held for sale. 

Capital Expenditures    

In addition to the above amounts, the Company incurred expenditures
for capitalized software of $8.7 million, $6.9 million and $8.6 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Depreciation and Amortization    

Depreciation expense of property, plant and equipment was $11.9
million, $9.7 million and $9.6 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Geographic Information    

Net Sales   

Long-Lived Assets   

Net sales are attributed to countries based on location of customer.
Long-lived assets are attributed to countries based on location of the asset. 

16.    Commitments and Contingencies  

The Company leases certain real property, equipment and machinery
under non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expense under these operating leases was $6.0 million, $5.2 million and $5.3 million
for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Future aggregate minimum lease payments under operating leases that have initial or remaining
non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of September 30, 2016, are: 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had $4.9 million in letters
of credit outstanding as guarantees of contract performance. As a normal incident of the businesses in which the Company is
engaged, various claims, charges and litigation are asserted or commenced from time to time against the Company.
Additionally, the Company is currently involved in various stages of investigation and remediation relating to environmental
matters. It is the opinion of Management that the aggregate costs involved in the resolution of these matters, and final
judgments, if any, which might be rendered against the Company are adequately reserved for, are covered by insurance, or are
not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results from continuing operations, capital expenditures,
or competitive position. 

On November 7, 2016, the Company acquired aerospace suppliers Mayday
Manufacturing Co. (Mayday) and its affiliate, Hi-Tech Metals, Inc. (Hi-Tech), which share a state-of-the-art, expandable 130,000
square foot facility in Denton, Texas, for a purchase price of approximately $75 million in cash. Mayday is a leading manufacturer
of mission-critical bushings, pins, sleeves and precision-tolerance machined components for landing gear, rotor heads, engine mounts,
flight controls, and actuation systems for the aerospace and defense industry. Hi-Tech is a full-service metal processor offering
aerospace OEM s and Tier 1 suppliers a large portfolio of processing services including anodizing, cadmium and zinc-nickel
plating, organic coatings, non-destructive testing, and heat treatment. Mayday and Hi-Tech will be included in the Company s
Filtration segment beginning in 2017. 

18.    Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)  

MANAGEMENT S
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY   

The Company s Management is responsible for the fair presentation
of the Company s financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, and for their integrity and accuracy. Management is confident that its financial and business processes provide accurate
information on a timely basis. 

Management, with the oversight of ESCO s Board of Directors,
has established and maintains a strong ethical climate in which the Company s affairs are conducted. Management also has
established an effective system of internal controls that provide reasonable assurance as to the integrity and accuracy of the
financial statements, and responsibility for the Company s assets. KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm, reports directly to the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors. The Audit and Finance Committee
has established policies consistent with corporate reform laws for auditor independence. In accordance with corporate governance
listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange: 

A majority of Board members are independent of the Company and its Management.   

All members of the key Board committees   the Audit and Finance, the Human Resources and Compensation and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committees   are independent.   

The independent members of the Board meet regularly without the presence of Management.   

The Company has a clear code of ethics and a conflict of interest policy to ensure that key corporate decisions are made by
individuals who do not have a financial interest in the outcome, separate from their interest as Company officials.   

The charters of the Board committees clearly establish their respective roles and responsibilities.   

The Company has a Corporate Ethics Committee, ethics officers at each operating location and an ombudsman hot line available
to all domestic employees and all foreign employees have local ethics officers and access to the Company s ombudsman.   

The Company has a strong
financial team, from its executive leadership to each of its individual contributors. Management monitors compliance with its
financial policies and practices over critical areas including internal controls, financial accounting and reporting, accountability,
and safeguarding of its corporate assets. The internal audit function maintains oversight over the key areas of the business
and financial processes and controls, and reports directly to the Audit and Finance Committee. Additionally, all employees are
required to adhere to the ESCO Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is monitored by the Corporate Ethics Committee. 

Management is dedicated to ensuring that the standards of financial
accounting and reporting that are established are maintained. The Company s culture demands integrity and a commitment to
strong internal practices and policies. 

The Consolidated Financial Statements have been audited by KPMG
LLP, whose report is included herein. 

November 29, 2016 

/s/Victor L. Richey  
      /s/Gary E. Muenster   

Victor L. Richey  
      Gary E. Muenster   
 
      Chairman, Chief Executive Officer  
      Executive Vice President    
 
      and President  
      and Chief Financial Officer   

MANAGEMENT S
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING   

The Company s Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America. 

Because of its inherent limitations, any system of internal control
over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, may not prevent or detect misstatements due to the possibility that a control
can be circumvented or overridden or that misstatements due to error or fraud may occur that are not detected. Also, because of
changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, using criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated
Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and concluded that the
Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on these criteria. 

Our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,
2016, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included
herein. 

We acquired Plastique Group Limited (Plastique) on January
29, 2016 and Westland Technologies, Inc. (Westland) on September 2, 2016. Plastique and Westland had total assets
representing 9.9 percent of consolidated assets, and total net sales representing 4.3 percent of consolidated net sales, as
of and for the year ended September 30, 2016. We excluded from our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 internal control over financial reporting associated with Plastique and
Westland. 

November 29, 2016 

/s/
    Victor L. Richey  
      /s/
    Gary E. Muenster   

Victor L. Richey  
      Gary E. Muenster   
 
      Chairman, Chief Executive Officer  
      Executive Vice President    
 
      and President  
      and Chief Financial Officer   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 ESCO Technologies Inc.: 

We have audited ESCO Technologies Inc. s (the Company)
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control
  Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
accompanying  Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, ESCO Technologies Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal
Control   Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). 

The Company acquired Plastique Group Limited (Plastique) and Westland Technologies, Inc. (Westland) during the year ended
September 30, 2016, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Comapny s internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, Plastique s and Westland s internal control over financial
reporting associated with total assets representing 9.9 percent of consolidated assets, and total net sales representing 4.3
percent of consolidated net sales, included in the consolidated financial statements of ESCO Technologies Inc. and subsidiaries
as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also
excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Plastique and Westland. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
consolidated balance sheets of ESCO Technologies Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2016, and our report dated November 29, 2016 expressed an unqualified
opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

St. Louis, Missouri 
November 29, 2016 

EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are submitted with and attached to this Form
10-K; exhibit numbers correspond to the exhibit table in Item 601 of Regulation S-K. For a complete list of exhibits including
those incorporated by reference, see Item 15(a)(3) of this Form 10-K, above. 

Exhibit No.   
       
       Exhibit    

4.4  
       
      Amendment No. 1 to December 21, 2015 Credit Agreement, made as of September 30, 2016   

21  
       
      Subsidiaries of the Company   

23  
       
      Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer   

32  
      **  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

101.INS  
      ***  
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
      ***  
      XBRL Schema Document   

101.CAL  
      ***  
      XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
      ***  
      XBRL Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
      ***  
      XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
      ***  
      XBRL Definition Linkbase Document   

*  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but not
included in the Annual Report to Shareholders; the Exhibit may be viewed and copied on the SEC s website or a printed copy
may be obtained from the Company on request. 

**  Furnished (and not filed) herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K.   

***  Exhibit 101 to this report consists of documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language); a printed copy
is not included.   

<EX-4.4>
 2
 v452945_ex4-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.4

EXHIBIT 4.4   

AMENDMENT NO. 1 

Dated as of September 30, 2016 

to 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated as of December 21, 2015 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 (this
  Amendment  ) is made as of September 30, 2016 by and among ESCO Technologies Inc., a Missouri corporation (the
  Company  ), ESCO UK Holding Company I Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (  ESCO
UK  ) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the   Administrative Agent  ), under that
certain Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2015 by and among the Company, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to
time party thereto (which, after giving effect to this Amendment, shall include ESCO UK, together with the Company, the   Borrowers  ),
the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
  Credit Agreement   and, the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the   Amended Credit Agreement  ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

WHEREAS, ESCO UK is an
Eligible Foreign Subsidiary under and as defined in the Credit Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company proposes
to designate ESCO UK as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 2.23
of the Credit Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, this Amendment
constitutes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower Amendment executed in substitution for a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, as contemplated
by Section 2.23 of the Credit Agreement, and accordingly, may be executed by the Company, ESCO UK and the Administrative Agent,
without the consent of any other Lenders, in order to effect such amendments to the Credit Agreement as may be necessary or appropriate,
in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and its counsel, to effect such Section 2.23 as it relates to ESCO UK or
its home jurisdiction; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company, ESCO UK and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into
this Amendment. 

1.       Amendments
to the Credit Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 below, effective as of the date
hereof, the parties hereto agree that the Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows:  

(a)     The
definition of  Defaulting Lender  set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to restate clause
(d) in its entirely as follows: 

(d) has become
the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action.  

(b)     The
definition of  Excluded Taxes  set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to (i) insert the
words   (c) Excluded UK Taxes,   immediately following clause (b) of such definition and to re-letter current
clauses (c) and (d) as clauses (d) and (e), respectively. 

(c)     The
definition of  Sanctioned Person  set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby restated in its entirety
as follows: 

Sanctioned
Person   means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC,
the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or Her Majesty s
Treasury of the United Kingdom (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned
or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b).  

(d)     The
definition of  Sanctions  set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby restated in its entirety as follows: 

Sanctions  
means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S.
government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union, any European Union member state or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom.  

(e)     Section
1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following definitions thereto in the appropriate alphabetical order: 

Bail-In
Action   means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect
of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution.  

Bail-In Legislation  
means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of
the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the
EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.  

Corporation
Tax Act 2009   means the Corporation Tax Act 2009 of the United Kingdom.  

Direction  
has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of  Excluded UK Taxes.   

EEA
Financial Institution   means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which
is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent
of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which
is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision
with its parent.  

EEA
Member Country   means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.  

EEA
Resolution Authority   means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority
of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.  

Establishment  
has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 2(h) of the Regulation.  

EU Bail-In
Legislation Schedule   means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor
Person), as in effect from time to time.  

Excluded UK
Taxes   means UK withholding taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of a Credit Party with respect to
an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment, if on the date on which payment of the amount falls due:  

(a)        the
payment could have been made to the relevant Credit Party without any deduction for UK withholding taxes if the Credit Party had
been a Qualifying Credit Party, but on that date that Credit Party is not or has ceased to be a Qualifying Credit Party other than
as a result of any change after the date it became a Credit Party under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration,
or application of) any law or Treaty or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority; or  

(b)        the
relevant Credit Party is a Qualifying Credit Party solely by virtue of paragraph (b) of the definition of  Qualifying Credit
Party  and:  

(i)         an
officer of H.M. Revenue   Customs has given (and not revoked) a direction (a   Direction  ) under section
931 of the Income Tax Act 2007 which relates to the payment and that Credit Party has received from the person making the payment
or from another UK Loan Party a certified copy of that Direction; and  

(ii)        the
payment could have been made to the Credit Party without any deduction for UK withholding taxes if that Direction had not been
made; or  

(c)        the
relevant Credit Party is a Treaty Credit Party and the person making the payment is able to demonstrate that the payment could
have been made to the Credit Party without any deduction for UK withholding taxes had that Credit Party complied with its obligations
under Section 2.17(f)(iii).  

Income
Tax Act 2007   means the Income Tax Act 2007 of the United Kingdom.  

Legal
Reservations   means:  

(a)        the
principle that equitable remedies may be granted or refused at the discretion of a court and the limitation of enforcement by laws
relating to insolvency, reorganisation and other laws generally affecting the rights of creditors;  

(b)        the
time barring of claims under the Limitation Acts, the possibility that an undertaking to assume liability for or indemnify a person
against non-payment of UK stamp duty may be void and defences of set-off or counterclaim; and  

(c)        any
other matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations as to matters of law of general application in any legal opinion
as to matters of English law delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents or which would be set out as qualifications or reservations
as to matters of law of general application in a legal opinion in customary form as to enforceability under English law.  

Limitation
Acts   means the Limitation Act 1980 of the United Kingdom and the Foreign Limitation Periods Act 1984 of the United Kingdom.  

Qualifying
Credit Party   means a Credit Party which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Credit Party in respect
of an advance under a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment and is:   

(a)          a
Credit Party:   

(i)          which
is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the Income Tax Act 2007) making an advance under a Loan, Letter of Credit
or Commitment and is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of
that advance or would be within such charge as respects such payments apart from section 18A of the Corporation Tax Act 2009; or   

(ii)          in
respect of an advance made under a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment by a person that was a bank (as defined for the purpose
of section 879 of the Income Tax Act 2007) at the time that that advance was made and within the charge to United Kingdom corporation
tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance; or   

(b)          a
Credit Party which is:   

(i)           a
company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes;    

(ii)          a
partnership each member of which is:   

(1)          a
company so resident in the United Kingdom; or   

(2)          a
company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment
and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the Corporation Tax
Act 2009) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the
Corporation Tax Act 2009;   

(iii)        a
company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment
and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning
of section 19 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009) of that company;    

(c)          a
Treaty Credit Party; or    

(d)        a
Credit Party which is a building society (as defined for the purpose of section 880 of the Income Tax Act 2007) making an advance
under a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment.   

Regulation  
means the Council of the European Union Regulation No.1346/2000 on Insolvency Proceedings.    

Treaty  
has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of  Treaty State.    

Treaty
Credit Party   means a Credit Party which:  

(a)        is
treated as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of a Treaty;  

(b)        does
not carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Credit Party s participation
in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment is effectively connected; and  

(c)        qualifies
for full exemption from UK income tax on payments of interest to or for the account of a Credit Party with respect to an applicable
interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment, subject to the completion of necessary procedural formalities.  

Treaty
State   means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a   Treaty  ) with the United Kingdom
which makes provision for full exemption from UK income tax on interest.  

UK
Loan Party   means a Loan Party which makes a payment of interest under a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment which arises
in the United Kingdom for the purposes of UK withholding tax.  

UK
Relevant Entity   means any Loan Party capable of becoming the subject of an order for winding-up or administration under
the Insolvency Act 1986 of the United Kingdom.   

Write-Down
and Conversion Powers   means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such
EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.  

(f)      Section
2.06(j) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the appearance of the words  clause (h) or (i) of Article VII 
and substitute the words   clauses (h), (i) or (q) of Article VII   therefor. 

(g)     Section
2.17(f) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following new clause (iii) thereto after the flush sentence at the
end of clause (ii) thereof: 

(iii)         Without
limiting the generality of Section 2.17(f)(i), any Treaty Credit Party and each UK Loan Party which makes a payment to which that
Treaty Credit Party is entitled shall cooperate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for that UK Loan Party to obtain
authorization from HM Revenue   Customs to make that payment without withholding or deduction of tax (including the Treaty
Credit Party providing its scheme reference number under HM Revenue   Custom s Double Taxation Treaty Passport scheme
(if applicable) and its jurisdiction of tax residence). Each Credit Party and UK Loan Party shall, upon becoming aware that a UK
Loan Party must make a withholding of UK tax from a payment to a Credit Party, promptly notify the Administrative Agent, and if
the Administrative Agent receives such notification from a Credit Party, it shall notify the relevant UK Loan Party.   

(h)     Section
2.24 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the words   or a Bail-In Action   following  If (i)
a Bankruptcy Event  in the second to last full paragraph thereof. 

(i)      Article
III of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following new Section 3.19 thereto: 

SECTION 3.19. Centre
of Main Interests and Establishment.  Each Loan Party incorporated in the United Kingdom has its centre of main interests (as
that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation) in its jurisdiction of incorporation and has no Establishment in any other
jurisdiction.  

(j)      Article
III of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following new Section 3.20 thereof: 

SECTION 3.20. EEA
Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution.   

(k)     Article
V of the Credit Agreement is amended to add the following new Section 5.11 thereto: 

SECTION
5.11.  Centre of Main Interests and Establishment . No Loan Party incorporated in the United Kingdom shall without the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) take any action that shall
cause its registered office or centre of main interests (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation) to be situated
outside its jurisdiction of incorporation, or cause it to have an Establishment situated outside of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

(l)      Article
VII of the Credit Agreement is amended to (i) delete the word  or  at the end of clause (o) thereof, (ii) add the word
  or   immediately following   Pledge Agreement;   at the end of clause (p) thereof, (iii) add
the following new clause (q) thereto: 

(q)        a
UK Relevant Entity is unable or admits in writing inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is deemed to or declared to be
unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends or threatens in writing to suspend making payments on any of its debts or,
by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors (excluding
any of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such) with a view to rescheduling any of its
indebtedness, or (ii) the value of the assets of any UK Relevant Entity is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent
and prospective liabilities), or (iii) a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any UK Relevant Entity (so that
if a moratorium occurs, the ending of the moratorium will not remedy any Event of Default caused by that moratorium), or (iv) any
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to (A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium
on any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement
or otherwise) of any UK Relevant Entity, (B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of any UK Relevant
Entity, (C) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar
officer in respect of any UK Relevant Entity or any of its assets or (D) the enforcement of any Lien over any assets of any UK
Relevant Entity, or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, save that this sub-paragraph (iv) shall not apply
to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of commencement,
or (v) any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects
any asset or assets of a UK Relevant Entity having an aggregate value of $30,000,000 and not discharged within sixty (60) days;  

and (iv) delete
each appearance of the words  clause (h) or (i) of this Article  in the flush text at the end of Article VII and substitute
the words   clauses (h), (i) or (q) of this Article   therefor. 

(m)    Article
IX of the Credit Agreement is amended to add the following new Section 9.17 thereto: 

SECTION 9.17.    Acknowledgment
and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any
EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution
Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:  

(a)        the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and  

(b)        the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:  

(i)        a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;  

(ii)        a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution,
its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or
any other Loan Document; or  

(iii)  the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution
Authority.  

(n)     Exhibit
A to the Credit Agreement (Form of Assignment and Assumption) is hereby restated in its entirety in the form of Exhibit A attached
hereto. 

(j)     Exhibit
D to the Credit Agreement (Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement) is hereby restated in its entirety in the form of  Exhibit D 
attached hereto. 

2.       Designation
of Foreign Subsidiary Borrower . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 below, effective as of
the date hereof, ESCO UK shall be a  Foreign Subsidiary Borrower  and a  Borrower  under and for all purposes
of the Credit Agreement, and ESCO UK hereby agrees to be bound by all provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents
applicable to it. The Company agrees that the Guarantee of the Company contained in the Credit Agreement will apply to the Obligations
of ESCO UK. In addition, ESCO UK hereby authorizes the Company to act on its behalf as and to the extent provided for in  Article II 
of the Credit Agreement.  

3.       Conditions
of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:  

(a)     The
Administrative Agent shall have received (i) from each Borrower and the Administrative Agent a duly executed counterpart
of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party and (ii) from each Subsidiary Guarantor a duly executed counterpart of the Consent
and Reaffirmation attached hereto. 

(b)     The
Administrative Agent shall have received copies, certified by a Director of ESCO UK, of its Board of Directors  resolutions
approving this Amendment and ESCO UK s becoming a Borrower under the Credit Agreement, and such documents and certificates
as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of
ESCO UK. 

(c)     The
Administrative Agent shall have received an incumbency certificate, executed by a Director of ESCO UK, which shall identify by
name and title and bear the signature of the officers of ESCO UK authorized to request Borrowings under the Credit Agreement and
sign this Amendment and any other Loan Documents, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled
to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Company or such Subsidiary. 

(d)     The
Administrative Agent shall have received opinions of U.S. and UK counsel to ESCO UK, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, with respect to the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and such other matters
as are reasonably requested by counsel to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

(e)     ESCO
UK shall have delivered any promissory notes requested by any Lender, and any other instruments and documents reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent. 

(f)      Each
Lender (other than Commerce Bank) shall have confirmed for the Administrative Agent and the Company (i) the number and details
of its double taxation treaty passport ( DTTP ) and (ii) that such Lender wishes to use such DTTP for purposes of the
Credit Agreement. 

(g)     All
documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable  know your customer  and
anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders. 

(h)     All
legal matters (including with respect to withholding tax) incident to the making of the Credit Event being made upon the effectiveness
of this Amendment, if any, shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel in their commercially reasonable discretion. 

(i)      The
Administrative Agent shall have received payment of the Administrative Agent s and its affiliates  reasonably incurred
and properly documented fees and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of counsels
for the Administrative Agent) in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents, to the extent invoiced prior to the
execution of this Amendment. 

The satisfaction of the
conditions precedent above shall be deemed to simultaneously satisfy all of the conditions set out in Section 4.03 for the designation
of ESCO UK as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 

4.       Representations
and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents and warrants as follows:  

(a)     This
Amendment and the Credit Agreement as modified hereby constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable
in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, reconstruction, moratorium
or other laws affecting creditors  rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law and except to the extent that availability of the remedy of specific performance or injunctive
relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. 

(b)     As
of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct
in all material respects (or in all respects in the case of any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect) and, in case of the representations and warranties set out in Section 3.02 given by a UK Relevant Party, all other
Legal Reservations; provided that any such representation or warranty that by its express terms is made as of a specific date
is true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect) as of such specific date. 

5.       ESCO
UK as Affected Foreign Subsidiary .   

The
Company, in its commercially reasonable judgment acting in good faith and in consultation with its legal and tax advisors, has
confirmed that as of the date hereof, ESCO UK is an Affected Foreign Subsidiary.  Consistent with the terms of the Credit
Agreement (including  Article X  thereof), so long as ESCO UK remains an Affected Foreign Subsidiary, it shall not be liable
under the Credit Agreement for any of the Loans made to, or any other Obligation to the extent incurred by or on behalf of, the
Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor which is a Domestic Subsidiary, and any guarantee or indemnity, if any, to be granted at any
time by ESCO UK in respect of a Domestic Subsidiary or otherwise may be subject to such limitations as agreed upon by the applicable
parties, as may be set out additionally at the time of providing such guarantee and indemnity.  

6.       Reference
to and Effect on the Credit Agreement .  

(a)     Upon
the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean
and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 

(b)     The
Credit Agreement and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith, and the
Obligations shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 

(c)     Except
with respect to the subject matter hereof, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver
of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit
Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith. 

(d)     This
Amendment is a Loan Document. 

7.       Governing
Law . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.  

8.       Headings .
Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this
Amendment for any other purpose.  

9.       Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts
taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures delivered by facsimile or PDF shall have the
same force and effect as manual signatures delivered in person.  

[  Signature
Pages Follow  ]   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this
Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

ESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC.,   

as a Borrower   

By:____________________________________   

Name:   

Title:   

ESCO UK HOLDING COMPANY I LTD.,   

as a Borrower   

By:____________________________________   

Name:   

Title:   

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

 ESCO Technologies Inc. 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,   

as Administrative Agent   

By:_______________________________________   

Name:   

Title:   

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

 ESCO Technologies Inc. 

CONSENT AND REAFFIRMATION 

Each of the undersigned hereby acknowledges
receipt of a copy of the foregoing Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2015 (as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the   Credit Agreement  ) by and among ESCO Technologies
Inc. (the   Company  ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the financial institutions
from time to time party thereto (the   Lenders  ) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the
  Administrative Agent  ), which Amendment No. 1 is dated as of September 30, 2016 and is among the Company, ESCO
UK Holding Company I Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, and the Administrative Agent (the   Amendment  ).
Capitalized terms used in this Consent and Reaffirmation and not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. Without in any way establishing a course of dealing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, each of the undersigned
consents to the Amendment and reaffirms the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by
it and acknowledges and agrees that such Credit Agreement and each and every such Loan Document executed by the undersigned in
connection with the Credit Agreement remains in full force and effect and is hereby reaffirmed, ratified and confirmed. All references
to the Credit Agreement contained in the above-referenced documents shall be a reference to the Credit Agreement as so modified
by the Amendment. 

Dated: September 30, 2016 

    [   Signature
Page Follows   ]    

CRISSAIR, INC.   

By:___________________________________   

Name:  Gary E. Muenster   

Title:  Vice President   

DOBLE ENGINEERING COMPANY   

By:___________________________________   

Name:  Gary E. Muenster   

Title:  Vice President   

ETS-LINDGREN INC.   

By:___________________________________   

Name:  Gary E. Muenster   

Title:  Vice President   

ESCO TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING LLC   

By:___________________________________   

Name:  Gary E. Muenster   

Title:  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

PTS TECHNOLOGIES INC.   

By:___________________________________   

Name:  Gary E. Muenster   

Title:  Vice President   

THERMOFORM ENGINEERED QUALITY LLC   

By:___________________________________   

Name:  Gary E. Muenster   

Title:  Vice President   

VACCO INDUSTRIES   

By:___________________________________   

Name:  Gary E. Muenster   

Title:  Vice President   

Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation
to 

 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement 

 ESCO Technologies Inc. 

EXHIBIT A 

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

This Assignment and Assumption
(the   Assignment  and  Assumption  ) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into
by and between    [    Insert name of Assignor    ]   
(the   Assignor  ) and    [    Insert name of Assignee    ]   
(the   Assignee  ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the   Credit Agreement  ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby
acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to
and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration,
the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from
the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective
Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in
its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent
related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor
under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in
such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action
and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or
in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions
governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice
claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant
to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred
to herein collectively as the   Assigned Interest  ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor
and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 

[   and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of    [   identify Lender   ]     1     ]     
 
      3.  
      Borrowers:  
       ESCO Technologies Inc. and certain Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers    

4.  
      Administrative Agent:  
      JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement   

5.  
      Credit Agreement:  
      The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2015, among ESCO Technologies Inc., the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time parties thereto, the Lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto   

6.  
      Assigned Interest:  

Aggregate Amount of  Commitment/Loans for all Lenders       
     Amount of Commitment/Loans  Assigned       
      Percentage Assigned of    Commitment/Loans 2       
 
     $          
     $          
           %  
 
     $          
     $          
           %  
 
     $          
     $          
           %  

1    Select
as applicable.  

  2  Set forth, so at least 9 decimals, as percentage
of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 

7.  The Assignee confirms, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and without liability to any Borrower, that it is:   

(a)     [   a Qualifying Credit Party (other
than a Credit Party);   ]      

(b)     [   a Treaty Credit Party;   ]      

(c)     [   not a Qualifying Credit Party   ]   .
 3    

8.     [   The Assignee confirms that the person beneficially entitled
to interest payable to that Credit Party in respect of an advance under a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment is either:   

(a)  a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes; or   

(b)  a partnership each member of which is:   

(i)  a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or   

(ii)  a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom
through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19
of the Corporation Tax Act 2009) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason
of Part 17 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009; or   

(c)  a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom
through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing its chargeable
profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009).   ]    4    

9.     [   The Assignee confirms that it holds a passport under the HMRC
DT Treaty Passport scheme (reference number    [         ]   )
and is tax resident in    [             ]   
 5 , so that interest payable to it by borrowers is generally subject to full exemption from UK withholding tax, and
requests that the Company notify:   

(a)  each Borrower which is a party as a Borrower as at the date of the assignment; and   

(b)  each additional Borrower which becomes a Borrower after the date of the assignment, that it wishes
that scheme to apply to the Agreement.   ]    6    

Effective Date: _____________ ___, 20___    [   TO
BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.   ]    

3  Delete as applicable - each Assignee is required
to confirm which of these three categories it falls within. 

  4  Include only if Assignee falls within paragraph (b)
of the definition of Qualifying Credit Party in the Agreement. 

  5  Insert jurisdiction of tax residence. 

  6  Include if Assignee holds a passport under the HMRC
DT Treaty Passport scheme and wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement. 

The terms set forth in
this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR   

[    NAME OF ASSIGNOR   ]      

By:   

Title:   

ASSIGNEE   

[    NAME OF ASSIGNEE   ]      

By:   

Title:   

Consented to and Accepted: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender  

By:  

Title:  

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as an Issuing Bank  

By:  

Title:  

[    Consented to:   ]    7   

ESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC.  

By:  

Title:  

7  To be added only if the consent of the Company is
required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.  

ANNEX I 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

1.     Representations
and Warranties . 

1.1   Assignor .
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the
Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority,
and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or
in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance
or observance by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations
under any Loan Document. 

1.2.  Assignee .
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary,
to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender
under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required
to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date,
it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest,
shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies
of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents
and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption
and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance
on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to the Assignment and Assumption
is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed
by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the
Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to
make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance
with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

2.     Payments .
From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including
payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective
Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 

3.     General
Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together
shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the
Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption
by any Electronic System shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption.
This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.  

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT 

AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT, dated __________,
20___ (this   Supplement  ), to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2015 (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the   Credit Agreement  ), among ESCO Technologies
Inc. (the   Company  ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto
and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the   Administrative Agent  ). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement provides in  Section 2.20 
thereof that any bank, financial institution or other entity may    [   extend
Commitments   ] [   and   ]
[   participate in tranches of Incremental Term Loans   ]   
under the Credit Agreement subject to the approval of the Company and the Administrative Agent, by executing and delivering to
the Company and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this Supplement; and 

WHEREAS, the undersigned Augmenting Lender was
not an original party to the Credit Agreement but now desires to become a party thereto; 

NOW, THEREFORE, each of the parties hereto hereby
agrees as follows: 

1.   The undersigned Augmenting Lender agrees to
be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and agrees that it shall, on the date of this Supplement, become a Lender for
all purposes of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if originally a party thereto, with a    [   Commitment
with respect to Revolving Loans of $   [   __________   ]]
[   and   ] [   a commitment with respect to Incremental
Term Loans of $   [   __________   ]]   . 

2.   The undersigned Augmenting Lender (a) represents
and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this Supplement; (b) confirms that it has received a copy of the
Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to  Section 5.01  thereof,
as applicable, and has reviewed such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis
and decision to enter into this Supplement; (c) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative
Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make
its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished
pursuant hereto or thereto; (d) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf
and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto
or thereto as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto;
and (e) agrees that it will be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms
all the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

3.   The undersigned s address for notices
for the purposes of the Credit Agreement is as follows: 

[   ___________   ]    

4.   The Company hereby represents and warrants
that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on and as of the date hereof. 

5.   The Augmenting Lender confirms, for the benefit
of the Administrative Agent and without liability to any Borrower, that it is: 

(a)     [ a
Qualifying Credit Party (other than a Credit Party); ]  

(b)     [ a
Treaty Credit Party; ]  

(c)      [ not
a Qualifying Credit Party ] .    8   

8  Delete as applicable - each Augmenting Lender is
required to confirm which of these three categories it falls within. 

6.       [   The
Augmenting Lender confirms that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Credit Party in respect of an advance
under a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment is either: 

(a)   a
company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes; or 

(b)   a
partnership each member of which is: 

(i)        a
company so resident in the United Kingdom; or  

(ii)  a
company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment
and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the Corporation Tax
Act 2009) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the
Corporation Tax Act 2009; or 

(c)     a
company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment
and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning
of section 19 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009). ]    9   

7.     [ The
Augmenting Lender confirms that it holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme (reference number    [        ]   )
and is tax resident in    [          ]    
 10  , so that interest payable to it by borrowers is generally
subject to full exemption from UK withholding tax, and requests that the Company notify:   

(a)   each
Borrower which is a party as a Borrower as at the date of the assignment; and 

(b)    each
additional Borrower which becomes a Borrower after the date of the assignment, that it wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement. ]    11   

8.    Terms
defined in the Credit Agreement shall have their defined meanings when used herein. 

9.    This Supplement shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

10.  This Supplement may be executed in any number
of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be
an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document. 

[   remainder
of this page intentionally left blank   ]    

9  Include only if Augmenting Lender falls within paragraph
(b) of the definition of Qualifying Credit Party in the Agreement. 

  10  Insert jurisdiction of tax residence. 

  11  Include if Augmenting Lender holds a passport under
the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has
caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. 

[    INSERT NAME OF AUGMENTING LENDER   ]      

By:   

Name:  

Title:  

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above:  

ESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC.  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

Acknowledged as of the date first written above:  

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.  

as Administrative Agent  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21>
 3
 v452945_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21   

Subsidiaries of Esco Technologies Inc.   

The following list omits certain of the Company s subsidiaries
which, if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not, as of the end of the year covered by this Report, constitute
a  significant subsidiary  as defined in SEC Regulation S-X. 

Name   
       
       State or Jurisdiction    
  of Incorporation    
  or Organization   
       
       Name(s) Under Which    
  It Does Business    

Beijing Lindgren ElectronMagnetic Technology Co., Ltd.  
       
      People s Republic of China  
       
      Same; also ETS-Lindgren   

Crissair, Inc.  
       
      California  
       
      Same   

Doble Engineering Company   
       
      Massachusetts  
       
      Same   

Doble PowerTest Limited  
       
      United Kingdom  
       
      Same   

ESCO Finance International S.  r.l.  
       
      Luxembourg  
       
      Same   

ESCO International Holding Inc.  
       
      Delaware  
       
      Same   

ESCO Technologies Holding LLC  
       
      Delaware  
       
      Same   

ETS-Lindgren Inc.  
       
      Illinois  
       
      Same   

ETS-Lindgren OY  
       
      Finland  
       
      Same   

Plastique Limited  
       
      United Kingdom  
       
      Same   

Plastique Sp. z o.o.  
       
      Poland  
       
      Same   

PTI Technologies Inc.  
       
      Delaware  
       
      Same   

Thermoform Engineered Quality LLC  
       
      Delaware  
       
      Same   

VACCO Industries  
       
      California  
       
      Same   

Westland Technologies Inc.  
       
      California  
       
      Same   

The Company acquired the following subsidiaries
after the end of fiscal 2016:  

Mayday Manufacturing Co.  
       
      Texas  
       
      Same   

Hi-Tech Metals, Inc.  
       
      Texas  
       
      Same   

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 v452945_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

EXHIBIT 23   

Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm   

The Board of Directors 
ESCO Technologies Inc.: 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the registration statements (Nos. 333-77887, 333-63930, 333-117953, 333-186537, 333-192663) on Form S-8 of ESCO
Technologies Inc. (the Company) of our reports dated November 29, 2016, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of ESCO
Technologies Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended September 30, 2016, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of
September 30, 2016, which reports appear in the September 30, 2016 annual report on Form 10-K of the Company. 

Our report dated November 29, 2016, on the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, contains an explanatory paragraph that
states the Company acquired Plastique Group Limited (Plastique) and Westland Technologies, Inc. (Westland) during
the year ended September 30, 2016, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, Plastique s and Westland s
internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets representing 9.9 percent of consolidated assets, and
total net sales representing 4.3 percent of consolidated net sales, included in the consolidated financial statements of ESCO
Technologies Inc. and subsidiaries as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016. Our report on the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over
financial reporting of Plastique and Westland. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

St. Louis, Missouri 

November 29, 2016  

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v452945_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1   

Certification   

I, Victor L. Richey, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ESCO Technologies Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report.   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant, and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit and finance committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 29, 2016 

/s/ Victor L. Richey   

Victor L. Richey   

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v452945_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2   

Certification   

I, Gary E. Muenster, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ESCO Technologies Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report.   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant, and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit and finance committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 29, 2016 

/s/ Gary E. Muenster   

Gary E. Muenster   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 v452945_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32   

Certification   

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  

  As Adopted Pursuant to   

   Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002   

In connection with the annual report of ESCO Technologies Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, Victor L. Richey, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
and Gary E. Muenster, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of our knowledge,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 29, 2016 

/s/ Victor L. Richey   

Victor L. Richey   

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Gary E. Muenster   

Gary E. Muenster   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 ese-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ese-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ese-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ese-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ese-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ese-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

