<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161118_10-K_edgar_data_1173431_0001173431-16-000429_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17448464</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>401511</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1731064</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6068919</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6850918</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2073749</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>92</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001173431-16-000429.hdr.sgml : 20161118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161118160624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001173431-16-000429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001173431
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		IRS NUMBER:				820543156
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35509
		FILM NUMBER:		162007873

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SOUTH 108TH AVENUE
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4023317856

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SOUTH 108TH AVENUE
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68154

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERITRADE HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020917

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARROW STOCK HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001173431-16-000429.txt : 20161118

10-K
 1
 amtd_20160930x10k.htm
 10-K

Document 

Table of Contents        

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
      Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 
        
    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
        
    For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
        
    For the transition period from                 to                      

Commission file number: 1-35509 

TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    82-0543156 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

200 South 108   th    Avenue, 
  Omaha, Nebraska 68154 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
  (402) 331-7856 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
      Title of each class 
      
    Name of each exchange on which registered 
      Common Stock   $0.01 par value 
      
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
   Nasdaq Global Select Market 
      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes               No      
      Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes           No      
      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes               No      
      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes               No      
      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.        
      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
      Large accelerated filer     
    Accelerated filer     
    Non-accelerated filer      
    Smaller reporting company     

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes               No      
      The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $16.5 billion computed by reference to the closing sale price of the stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on March 31, 2016, the last trading day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
      The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of November 8, 2016 was 526,045,827 shares. 
      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
      Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the registrant's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed hereafter (incorporated into Part III hereof). 

Table of Contents        

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  INDEX 

Page No. 

PART I  

Item 1. 
     Business  
      
    3 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
      
    12 
      Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
      
    23 
      Item 2. 
     Properties  
      
    23 
      Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings  
      
    23 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
    23 

PART II  

Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
      
    24 
      Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data  
      
    26 
      Item 7. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    27 
        
     Glossary of Terms  
      
    27 
        
     Financial Statement Overview  
      
    31 
        
     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
      
    31 
        
     Results of Operations  
      
    33 
        
     Liquidity and Capital Resources  
      
    42 
        
     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
      
    47 
        
     Contractual Obligations  
      
    47 
      Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      
    48 
      Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
      
    50 
        
     Report of Ernst   Young LLP  
      
    50 
        
     Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      
    51 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Income  
      
    52 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
      
    53 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  
      
    54 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      
    55 
        
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    56 
      Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
      
    97 
      Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures  
      
    97 
      Item 9B. 
     Other Information  
      
    99 

PART III  

Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
      
    99 
      Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation  
      
    99 
      Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
      
    99 
      Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
      
    100 
      Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
      
    100 

PART IV  

Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
      
    100 
        
     Exhibit Index  
      
    100 
        
     Signatures  
      
    105 

2 

     Table of Contents        

Unless otherwise indicated, references to "we," "us," "our," "Company," or "TD Ameritrade" mean TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and its subsidiaries, and references to "fiscal" mean the Company's fiscal year ended September 30.  References to the "parent company" mean TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation. 
   
  PART I 
   
  Item 1.      Business 
  Form of Organization 
  The Company was established in 1971 as a local investment banking firm and began operations as a retail discount securities brokerage firm in 1975.  The parent company is a Delaware corporation. 
  Operations 
  We are a leading provider of securities brokerage services and related technology-based financial services to retail investors, traders and independent registered investment advisors ("RIAs").  We provide our services predominantly through the Internet, a national branch network and relationships with RIAs.  We believe that our services appeal to a broad market of independent, value-conscious retail investors, traders and investment advisors.  We use our platform to offer brokerage services to retail investors and investment advisors under a simple, low-cost commission structure. 
  We have been an innovator in electronic brokerage services since entering the retail securities brokerage business in 1975.  We believe that we were the first brokerage firm to offer the following products and services to retail clients: touch-tone trading; trading over the Internet; unlimited, streaming, free real-time quotes; extended trading hours; direct access to market destinations; and commitment on the speed of order execution.  Since initiating online trading, we have substantially increased our number of brokerage accounts, number of RIA relationships, average daily trading volume and total assets in client accounts.  We have also built, and continue to invest in, a proprietary trade processing platform that is both cost-efficient and highly scalable, significantly lowering our operating costs per trade.  In addition, we have made significant investments in building the TD Ameritrade brand. 
  Strategy 
  We intend to capitalize on the growth and consolidation of the retail brokerage industry in the United States and leverage our low-cost infrastructure to grow our market share and profitability.  Our long-term growth strategy is to increase our market share of total assets in client accounts, while maintaining a leadership position in client trading, by providing superior offerings to long-term investors, RIAs and active traders.  We strive to enhance the client experience by providing asset management products and services, enhanced trading tools and capabilities and a superior, proprietary, single-platform system to support RIAs.  The key elements of our strategy are as follows: 
             
    Focus on brokerage services.      We continue to focus on attracting active traders, long-term investors and RIAs to our brokerage services.  This focused strategy is designed to enable us to maintain our low operating cost structure while offering our clients outstanding products and services.  We primarily route for execution of client trades on an agency, rather than a principal, basis.  We maintain only a small inventory of fixed income securities to meet client requirements.  
                
    Provide a comprehensive long-term investor solution.      We continue to expand our suite of diversified investment products and services to best serve investors' needs.  We help clients make investment decisions by providing simple-to-use investment tools, guidance, education and objective third-party research. 
                
    Maintain industry leadership and market share with active traders.      We help active traders make better-informed investment decisions by offering fast access to markets, insight into market trends and innovative tools such as strategy back-testing and comprehensive options research and trading capabilities. 
                
    Continue to be a leader in the RIA industry.      We provide RIAs with comprehensive brokerage and custody services supported by our robust integrated technology platform, customized personal service and practice management solutions. 
     
   3 

     Table of Contents        

Leverage our infrastructure to add incremental revenue.      Through our proprietary technology, we are able to provide a robust online experience for long-term investors and active traders.  Our low-cost, scalable systems provide speed, reliability and quality trade execution services for clients.  The scalable capacity of our trading system allows us to add a significant number of transactions while incurring minimal additional fixed costs. 
                
    Continue to be a low-cost provider of quality services.      We achieve low operating costs per trade by creating economies of scale, utilizing our proprietary transaction-processing systems, continuing to automate processes and locating much of our operations in low-cost geographical areas.  This low fixed-cost infrastructure provides us with significant financial flexibility.  In addition, our insured deposit account arrangement with The Toronto-Dominion Bank ("TD") enables our clients to invest in an FDIC-insured deposit product without the need for the Company to establish the significant levels of capital that would be required to maintain our own bank charter. 
                
    Continue to differentiate our offerings through innovative technologies and service enhancements.      We have been an innovator in our industry for over 40 years.  We continually strive to provide our clients with the ability to customize their trading experience.  We provide our clients greater choice by offering features and functionality to meet their specific needs. 
     We continue to see increased demand for advice, particularly as our clients approach retirement.  To address this need we are building out a full continuum of advice products ranging from an automated investing product to a customized portfolio advice solution. 
             
    Leverage the TD Ameritrade brand.      We believe that we have a superior brand identity and that our advertising has established TD Ameritrade as a leading brand in the retail brokerage market. 
                
    Continue to evaluate opportunities for growth through acquisitions.      When evaluating potential acquisitions, we look for transactions that will give us operational leverage, technological leverage, increased market share or other strategic opportunities. 
     Planned Acquisition of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc. 
  On October 24, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Scottrade Financial Services, Inc. ("Scottrade"), a Delaware corporation, Rodger O. Riney, as Voting Trustee of the Rodger O. Riney Family Voting Trust U/A/D 12/31/2012, and Alto Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which we agreed to acquire Scottrade in a cash and equity transaction valued at $4 billion.  The transaction will take place in two, consecutive steps. First, and as a condition precedent to our acquisition of Scottrade, TD will purchase Scottrade Bank from Scottrade for $1.3 billion in cash, subject to closing adjustments.  Under the terms of the planned acquisition, Scottrade Bank will merge with and into TD Bank, N.A., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TD.  Additionally, we expect TD to purchase $400 million in new common equity, or approximately 11 million shares, from us in connection with the planned transaction.  Immediately following TD's acquisition of Scottrade Bank, we will acquire Scottrade for $4 billion less the proceeds from the sale of Scottrade Bank, which is subject to closing adjustments. We intend to fund the acquisition of Scottrade with $1 billion in new common equity, or approximately 28 million shares, issued to Scottrade shareholders, cash on hand, proceeds from the sale of our common stock to TD, as described above, and debt financing. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions and is expected to close by September 30, 2017.  Following the transaction's close, Scottrade Founder and CEO, Rodger Riney, will be appointed to our board of directors. 
  Client Offerings 
  We deliver products and services aimed at providing a comprehensive, personalized experience for active traders, long-term investors and independent RIAs.  Our client offerings are described below: 
  Trading and Investing Platforms 
             
    tdameritrade.com Web Platform   is our core offering for self-directed retail investors.  We offer a broad array of tools and services, including alerts, screeners, conditional orders and free fundamental third-party research.  The Dock is an ever-present dashboard of streaming content that makes it easy for clients to stay on top of current market activities relevant to their investment positions.  Modules such as streaming news, stock  
     
   4 

     Table of Contents        

events, and account balances ensure clients stay well informed.  Free planning tools are also provided, such as Portfolio Planner to efficiently create a bundle of securities to trade, invest and rebalance and Retirement Planner to assess retirement needs.  Social Signals is a one of a kind trading resource that pulls insights from Twitter and compiles them in one place.  
             
    Trade Architect        is a powerful and intuitive web-based platform that helps active investors and traders identify opportunities and stay informed.  It includes advanced features such as complex options, Level II equity and option quotes, streaming news from CNBC, free research reports from sources such as S P Capital IQ, visual position profit/loss analysis and Trade Finder, a tool that simplifies the process of identifying and making option trades based on the client's strategy. 
                
    thinkorswim        is a downloadable desktop platform designed for advanced traders, featuring easy-to-use interfaces, elite-level trading and analytical tools, and fast and efficient order routing for complex trading strategies.  thinkorswim clients trade a broad range of products including stock and stock options, index options, futures and futures options, foreign exchange and exchange-traded funds ("ETFs"). 
                
    TD Ameritrade Mobile   allows on-the-go investors and traders to trade and monitor accounts from web-enabled mobile devices with features such as alerts, research, streaming market commentary and the ability to deposit a check directly from a smartphone or tablet.  With a mobile device, a client can snap a picture of a bar code on any item, and if the company is publicly traded, Snapstock        can return the company name, ticker symbol and a stock quote along with company-related news and charts.  Access is available through the TD Ameritrade Mobile App, the more advanced TD Ameritrade Mobile Trader App or via a mobile browser at the TD Ameritrade Mobile Site. 
                
    TD Ameritrade Institutional   is a leading provider of comprehensive brokerage and custody services to more than 5,000 independent RIAs and their clients.  Our advanced technology platform, coupled with personal support from our dedicated service teams, allows RIAs to grow and manage their practices more effectively and efficiently while optimizing time with clients.  Additionally, TD Ameritrade Institutional provides a robust offering of products, programs and services.  These services are all designed to help advisors build their businesses and do the best possible job they can to help their clients with their financial goals. 
     Other Offerings 
             
    Investools        offers a comprehensive suite of investor education products and services for stock, option, foreign exchange, futures, mutual fund and fixed-income investors.  Our education subsidiary, Investools, Inc., offers educational products and services primarily built around an investing method that is designed to teach both experienced and beginning investors how to approach the selection process for investment securities and actively manage their investment portfolios.  Course offerings are generally combined with web-based tools, personalized instruction techniques and ongoing service and support and are offered in a variety of learning formats.  Designed for the advanced student, continuing education programs offer students comprehensive access to education products and services priced either individually or on a bundled basis.  Typically included in the continuing education bundles are additional curriculum, online courses, live workshops and coaching services. 
                
    TD Ameritrade's Goal Planning   sessions are a complimentary service where clients meet with an investment consultant and develop an investment plan, based on a variety of factors including personal goals, time to achieve goal, risk tolerance, assets and net worth.  Clients learn how likely they are to achieve their goals and how hypothetical changes to their decisions could influence their plan. 
                
    Amerivest        is an advisory service that develops portfolios of ETFs or mutual funds, along with cash and cash alternatives, to help long-term investors pursue their financial goals.  Our subsidiary, Amerivest Investment Management, LLC, recommends an investment portfolio based on an investor's objective, time horizon and risk tolerance. 
                
    AdvisorDirect        is a national referral service for investors who wish to engage the services of an independent RIA.  AdvisorDirect refers interested investors to one or more independent RIAs that are unaffiliated with TD Ameritrade and that offer investment management and/or financial planning services to investors served by TD Ameritrade's branch offices.  We strive to have all RIAs participating in AdvisorDirect meet or exceed TD Ameritrade's professional eligibility requirements. 
     
   5 

     Table of Contents        

TD Ameritrade Corporate Services   provides self-directed brokerage services to employees of corporations, either directly in partnership with the employer or through joint marketing relationships with third-party administrators, such as 401(k) providers and employee benefit consultants.  Trust and custody services are also offered to a wide range of plan types through our TD Ameritrade Trust Company subsidiary. 
     Products and Services 
  We strive to provide the best value of retail brokerage services to our clients.  The products and services available to our clients include: 
             
    Common and preferred stock.      Clients can purchase common and preferred stocks, American Depository Receipts and closed-end funds traded on any United States exchange or quotation system.  
                
    Exchange-Traded Funds.      ETFs are baskets of securities (stocks or bonds) that typically track recognized indices.  They are similar to mutual funds, except that they trade on an exchange like stocks.  Our ETF Market Center offers our clients over 100 commission-free ETFs, each of which has been selected by independent experts at Morningstar Associates, LLC.  Trades in these ETFs are commission-free, provided the funds are held for 30 days or longer.  Our website includes an ETF screener, along with independent research and commentary to assist investors in their decision-making. 
                
    Options.      We offer a full range of option trades, including complex and multi-leg option strategies. 
                
    Futures.      We offer futures trades, as well as options on futures, in a wide variety of commodities, stock indices and currencies. 
                
    Foreign exchange.      We offer access to trading in over 75 different currency pairs. 
                
    Mutual funds.      Clients can compare and select from a portfolio of over 13,000 mutual funds from leading fund families, including a broad range of no-transaction-fee ("NTF") funds.  Clients can also easily exchange funds within the same mutual fund family. 
                
    Fixed income.      We offer our clients access to a variety of Treasury, corporate, government agency and municipal bonds, as well as certificates of deposit. 
                
    New and secondary issue securities.      We offer primary and secondary offerings of fixed income securities, closed-end funds, common stock and preferred stock. 
                
    Margin lending.      We extend credit to clients that maintain margin accounts.  Portfolio margin, which bases margin requirements on the net exposure of all positions in an account rather than just on individual positions, is also available for accounts with net liquidating values of at least $125,000. 
                
    Cash management services.      Through third-party banking relationships, we offer FDIC-insured deposit accounts and money market mutual funds to our clients as cash sweep alternatives.  Through these relationships, we also offer free standard checking, free online bill pay and ATM services with unlimited ATM fee reimbursements at any machine nationwide. 
                
    Annuities.      We offer access to a full range of competitively priced fixed and variable annuities provided by highly-rated insurance carriers. 
     
   6 

     Table of Contents        

We earn commissions and transaction fees on client trades in common and preferred stock, ETFs, closed-end funds, options, futures, foreign exchange, mutual funds and fixed income securities.  Margin lending and the related securities lending business generate net interest revenue.  Cash management services and fee-based mutual funds generate insured deposit account fees and investment product fee revenues.  Other revenues include revenue from education services, miscellaneous securities brokerage fees and annuities.  The following table presents the percentage of net revenues contributed by each class of similar services during the last three fiscal years: 

We provide our clients with an array of channels to access our products and services.  These include the Internet, our network of retail branches, mobile trading applications, interactive voice response and registered representatives via telephone. 
  Client Service and Support 
  We strive to provide the best client service in the industry as measured by: (1) speed of response time to telephone calls, (2) turnaround time responding to client inquiries and (3) client satisfaction with the account relationship. 
  We endeavor to optimize our client service by: 
             
    Ensuring prompt response to client service calls through adequate staffing with properly trained and motivated personnel in our client service departments, a majority of whom hold the Series 7 license; 
                
    Tailoring client service to the particular expectations of the clients of each of our client segments; and 
                
    Expanding our use of technology to provide automated responses to the most typical inquiries generated in the course of clients' securities trading and related activities. 
     We provide access to client service and support through the following means: 
             
    Websites.      Our websites provide basic information on how to use our services, as well as an in-depth education center that includes a selection of online investing courses.  "Ted," our Virtual Investment Consultant, is a web tool that allows retail clients to interact with a virtual representative to ask about our products, tools and services. 
                
    Branches.      We offer a nationwide network of over 100 retail branches, located primarily in large metropolitan areas. 
                
    Email.      Clients are encouraged to use email to contact our client service representatives.  Our operating standards require a response within 24 hours of receipt of the email; however, we strive to respond within four hours after receiving the original message. 
                
    Telephone.      For clients who choose to call or whose inquiries necessitate calling one of our client service representatives, we provide a toll-free number that connects to advanced call handling systems.  These systems provide automated answering and directing of calls to the proper department.  Our systems also allow linkage between caller identification and the client database to give the client service representative immediate access to the client's account data when the call is received.  Client service representatives are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. 
     
   7 

     Table of Contents        

Mobile app  .    Support on our TD Ameritrade Mobile Trader App allows clients to text with a trading specialist for immediate answers to their questions or share their screen for help with navigating the app. 
     Technology and Information Systems 
  Our technological capabilities and systems are central to our business and are critical to our goal of providing the best execution at the best value to our clients.  Our operations require reliable, scalable systems that can handle complex financial transactions for our clients with speed and accuracy.  We maintain sophisticated and proprietary technology that automates traditionally labor-intensive securities transactions.  Our ability to effectively leverage and adopt new technology to improve our services is a key component of our success. 
  We continue to make investments in technology and information systems.  We have spent a significant amount of resources to increase capacity and improve speed, reliability and security.  To provide for system continuity during potential power outages, we have equipped our data centers with uninterruptible power supply units and back-up generators. 
  Advertising and Marketing 
  We intend to continue to grow and increase our market share by advertising online, on television, in print and email and on our own websites, and utilizing various forms of social media.  We invest heavily in advertising programs designed to bring greater brand recognition to our services.  We intend to continue to aggressively advertise our services.  From time to time, we may choose to increase our advertising to target specific groups of investors or to decrease advertising in response to market conditions. 
  Advertising for retail clients is generally conducted through websites, social media, financial news networks and other television and cable networks.  We also place print advertisements in a broad range of business publications and use email advertising.  Advertising for institutional clients is significantly less than for retail clients and is generally conducted through highly-targeted media. 
  To monitor the success of our various marketing efforts, we utilize a media mix model that uses robust data sets to analyze our marketing channels and identify high value client segments.  This model also supports decisions on spending levels and helps us determine the point at which we begin to experience diminishing returns.  Additionally, our advanced data and analytics capabilities enable a more targeted, personalized experience for prospective clients.  How we share client information is disclosed in our privacy statement. 
  All of our securities brokerage-related communications with the public are regulated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA").  All of our futures and foreign exchange brokerage-related communications with the public are regulated by the National Futures Association ("NFA"). 
  Clearing Operations 
  Our subsidiary, TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. ("TDAC"), provides clearing and execution services to our introducing broker-dealer subsidiary.  Clearing services include the confirmation, receipt, settlement, delivery and record-keeping functions involved in processing securities transactions.  Our clearing broker-dealer subsidiary provides the following back office functions: 
             
    Maintaining client accounts; 
                
    Extending credit in a margin account to the client; 
                
    Engaging in securities lending and borrowing transactions; 
                
    Settling securities transactions with clearinghouses such as The Depository Trust   Clearing Corporation and The Options Clearing Corporation; 
                
    Settling commissions and transaction fees; 
                
    Preparing client trade confirmations and statements; 
                
    Performing designated cashiering functions, including the delivery and receipt of funds and securities to or from the client; 
     
   8 

     Table of Contents        

Possession, control and safeguarding of funds and securities in client accounts; 
                
    Processing cash sweep transactions to and from insured deposit accounts and money market mutual funds; 
                
    Transmitting tax accounting information to the client and to the applicable tax authority; and 
                
    Forwarding prospectuses, proxy materials and other shareholder information to clients. 
     We contract with external providers for futures clearing.  We also contract with an external provider to facilitate foreign exchange trading for our clients. 
  Competition 
  We believe that the principal determinants of success in the retail brokerage market are brand recognition, size of client base and client assets, ability to attract new clients and client assets, client trading activity, efficiency of operations, technology infrastructure and access to financial resources.  We also believe that the principal factors considered by clients in choosing a brokerage firm are reputation, client service quality, price, convenience, product offerings, quality of trade execution, platform capabilities, innovation and overall value.  Based on our experience, focus group research and the success we have enjoyed to date, we believe that we presently compete successfully in each of these categories. 
  The market for brokerage services, particularly electronic brokerage services, continues to evolve and is highly competitive.  We experience significant competition and expect this competitive environment to continue.  We encounter direct competition from numerous other brokerage firms, many of which provide online brokerage services.  These competitors include E*TRADE Financial Corporation, The Charles Schwab Corporation and Fidelity Investments.  Scottrade is also a competitor, but we have agreed to acquire Scottrade.  For further information about the Scottrade acquisition, please see "Planned Acquisition of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc." above.  We also encounter competition from established full-commission brokerage firms such as Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley, as well as financial institutions, mutual fund sponsors, online wealth management services and other organizations, some of which provide online brokerage services. 
  Regulation 
  The securities, futures and foreign exchange industries are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state law.  Broker-dealers are required to register with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and to be members of FINRA.  Our futures commission merchant ("FCM") and forex dealer member ("FDM") subsidiary, TD Ameritrade Futures   Forex LLC ("TDAFF"), is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and is a member of, and the corresponding services functions are regulated by, the NFA.  Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") relating to broker-dealers, including, among other things, minimum net capital requirements under the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1), "best execution" requirements for client trades under SEC guidelines and FINRA rules and segregation of client funds under the SEC Customer Protection Rule (Rule 15c3-3), administered by the SEC and FINRA.  TDAFF is subject to regulations under the Commodity Exchange Act, administered by the CFTC and NFA, including CFTC Regulations 1.17 and 5.7, which require the maintenance of minimum adjusted net capital, and CFTC Regulation 1.20, which requires segregation of client funds. 
  Net capital rules are designed to protect clients, counterparties and creditors by requiring a broker-dealer, an FCM or an FDM to have sufficient liquid resources available to satisfy its financial obligations.  Net capital is a measure of a broker-dealer's, an FCM's or an FDM's readily available liquid assets, reduced by its total liabilities other than approved subordinated debt.  Under the Uniform Net Capital Rule, a broker-dealer may not repay any subordinated borrowings, pay cash dividends or make any unsecured advances or loans to its parent company or employees if such payment would result in a net capital amount below required levels.  An FCM and FDM, such as TDAFF, must provide notice to the CFTC if its adjusted net capital amounts are below required levels. 
  As explained in SEC guidelines and FINRA rules, brokers are required to seek the "best execution" reasonably available for their clients' orders.  In part, this requires brokers to use reasonable diligence so that the price to the client is as favorable as possible under prevailing market conditions.  We send client orders to a number of market centers, including market makers and exchanges, which encourages competition and ensures redundancy.  We utilize a committee structure to conduct regular reviews of the securities trade execution quality we obtain from these  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents        

market centers.  For non-directed client orders, it is our policy to route orders to market centers based on a number of factors that are more fully discussed in the Supplemental Materials of FINRA Rule 5310, including, where applicable, but not necessarily limited to, speed of execution, price improvement opportunities, differences in price disimprovement, likelihood of executions, the marketability of the order, size guarantees, service levels and support, the reliability of order handling systems, client needs and expectations, transaction costs and whether the firm will receive remuneration for routing order flow to such market centers.  Price improvement is available under certain market conditions and for certain order types and we regularly monitor executions to test for such improvement if available.  Each quarter we also publicly disclose on SEC Rule 606 Reports information about the market centers we use and the related order routing revenue we received.  Our SEC Rule 606 Reports can be found at   www.tdameritrade.com  . 
  Certain of our subsidiaries are also registered as investment advisors under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  We are also subject to regulation in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, including registration requirements.  TD Ameritrade Trust Company is chartered in the state of Maine as a state-regulated non-depository trust company. 
  In its capacity as a securities clearing firm, TDAC is a member of The Depository Trust   Clearing Corporation ("DTCC") and The Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"), each of which is registered as a clearing agency with the SEC.  As a member of these clearing agencies, TDAC is required to comply with the rules of such clearing agencies, including rules relating to possession or control of client funds and securities, margin lending and execution and settlement of transactions. 
  Margin lending activities are subject to limitations imposed by regulations of the Federal Reserve System and FINRA.  In general, these regulations provide that, in the event of a significant decline in the value of securities collateralizing a margin account, we are required to obtain additional collateral from the borrower or liquidate security positions. 
  We are subject to a number of state and federal laws applicable to companies conducting business on the Internet that address client privacy, system security and safeguarding practices and the use of client information. 
  For additional, important information relating to government regulation, please review the information set forth under the heading "Risk Factors Relating to the Regulatory and Legislative Environment" in Item 1A   Risk Factors. 
  Risk Management 
  Our business activities expose us to various risks.  Identifying and measuring our risks is critical to our ability to manage risk within acceptable tolerance levels in order to minimize the effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
  Our management team is responsible for managing risk, and it is overseen by our board of directors, primarily through the board's Risk Committee.  We use risk management processes and have policies and procedures for identifying, measuring and managing risks, including establishing threshold levels for our most significant risks.  Our risk management, compliance, internal audit, and legal departments assist management in identifying and managing risks.  Our management team's Enterprise Risk Committee ("ERC") is responsible for reviewing risk exposures and risk mitigation.  Subcommittees of the ERC have been established to assist in identifying and managing specific areas of risk. 
  Our business exposes us to the following broad categories of risk: 
  Operational Risk     Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or controls, human error or misconduct, systems and technology problems or from external events.  It also involves compliance with regulatory and legal requirements.  Operational risk is the most prevalent form of risk in our risk profile.  We manage operational risk by establishing policies and procedures to accomplish timely and efficient processing, obtaining periodic internal control attestations from management and conducting internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. 
  Market Risk     Market risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse movements in market factors, such as asset prices, foreign exchange rates and interest rates.  Our market risk related to asset prices is mitigated by our routing for execution of client trades primarily on an agency, rather than a principal, basis and our maintenance of  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents        

only a small inventory of fixed-income securities to meet client requirements.  Interest rate risk is our most prevalent form of market risk.  For more information about our interest rate risk and how we manage it, see Item 7A   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  Credit Risk     Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from failure of obligors to honor their payments.  Our exposure to credit risk mainly arises from client margin lending and leverage activities, securities lending activities and other counterparty credit risks.  For more information about our credit risk and how we manage it, see Item 7A   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  Liquidity Risk     Liquidity risk is the risk of loss resulting from the inability to meet current and future cash flow needs.  We actively monitor our liquidity position at the holding company and at the broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiary levels.  For more information, see Item 7   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
  Strategic Risk     Strategic risk is the risk of loss arising from ineffective business strategies, improper implementation of business strategies, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the business and competitive environment.  Our executive management is responsible for establishing an appropriate corporate strategy intended to create value for stockholders, clients and employees, with oversight by our board of directors.  Our management is responsible for defining the priorities, initiatives and resources necessary to execute the strategic plan, the success of which is regularly evaluated by the board of directors. 
  Reputational Risk     Reputational risk is the risk arising from possible negative perceptions, whether true or not, of the Company among our clients, counterparties, stockholders, suppliers, employees and regulators.  The potential for either enhancing or damaging our reputation is inherent in almost all aspects of business activity.  We manage this risk through our commitment to a set of core values that emphasize and reward high standards of ethical behavior, maintaining a culture of compliance and by being responsive to client and regulatory requirements. 
  Risk is inherent in our business, and therefore, despite our efforts to manage risk, there can be no assurance that we will not sustain unexpected losses.  For a discussion of the factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results of operations, see Item 1A   Risk Factors. 
  Intellectual Property Rights 
  Our success and ability to compete are significantly dependent on our intellectual property.  We rely on copyright, trade secret, trademark, domain name, patent and contract laws to protect our intellectual property and have utilized the various methods available to us, including filing applications for patents and trademark registrations with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and entering into written licenses and other technology agreements with third parties.  Our patented and patent pending technologies include stock indexing and investor education technologies, as well as innovative trading and analysis tools.  Our trademarks include both our primary brand, TD Ameritrade, as well as brands for other products and services.  A substantial portion of our intellectual property is protected by trade secrets.  The source and object code for our proprietary software is also protected using applicable methods of intellectual property protection and general protections afforded to confidential information.  In addition, it is our policy to enter into confidentiality and intellectual property ownership agreements with our employees and confidentiality and noncompetition agreements with our independent contractors and business partners and to control access to and distribution of our intellectual property. 
  Employees 
  As of September 30,   2016  , we had 6,010 full-time equivalent employees.  None of our employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement.  We believe that our relations with our employees are good.  In fiscal   2016  , we surveyed our employees and found that 87% responded favorably to questions designed to measure sustainable employee engagement.  This score placed us in the "best in class" companies benchmark as measured by Willis Towers Watson for the fifth year in a row. 
  Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas 
  We primarily operate in the securities brokerage industry and have no other reportable segments.  Substantially all of our revenues from external clients for the fiscal years ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were derived from our operations in the United States. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents        

Websites and Social Media Disclosure 
  From time to time, the Company may use its website and/or Twitter as distribution channels of material information.  The Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, financial data and other important information regarding the Company is routinely accessible through and posted on the Company's website at   www.amtd.com   and its Twitter account @TDAmeritradePR.  We ask that interested parties visit or subscribe to newsfeeds at   www.amtd.com/newsroom   to automatically receive email alerts and other information, including the most up-to-date corporate financial information, presentation announcements, transcripts and archives.  The website to access the Company's Twitter account is   https://twitter.com/TDAmeritradePR  .  Website links provided in this report, although correct when published, may change in the future.  We make available free of charge on our website at   www.amtd.com/investor-relations/sec-filings/   our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the SEC.  Our SEC filings are also available on the SEC's website at   http://www.sec.gov/  . 
   
  Item 1A.      Risk Factors 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results of operations.  Although the risks described below are those that management believes are the most significant, these are not the only risks facing our company.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem to be material also may materially affect our business, financial condition or future results of operations. 
  Risk Factors Relating to Our Business Operations 
  Economic conditions and other securities industry risks could adversely affect our business. 
  Substantially all of our revenues are derived from our securities brokerage business.  Like other securities brokerage businesses, we are directly affected by economic and political conditions, broad trends in business and finance and changes in volume and price levels of securities transactions.  Events in global financial markets in recent years resulted in substantial market volatility and increased client trading volume.  However, any sustained downturn in general economic conditions or U.S. equity markets could result in reduced client trading volume and net revenues.  For example, events such as the terrorist attacks in the United States on September 11, 2001 and the invasion of Iraq in 2003 resulted in periods of substantial market volatility and reductions in trading volume and net revenues.  Severe market fluctuations or weak economic conditions could reduce our trading volume and net revenues and have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
  We have exposure to interest rate risk. 
  As a fundamental part of our brokerage business, we invest in interest-earning assets and are obligated on interest-bearing liabilities.  In addition, we earn fees on our FDIC-insured deposit account arrangement with TD Bank USA, N.A. and TD Bank N.A., which are subject to interest rate risk.  During fiscal 2009, the Federal Open Market Committee reduced the federal funds target range to between 0% and 0.25%, where it remained until December 2015 when it was increased to between 0.25% and 0.50%.  In addition, medium- to long-term interest rates have also decreased substantially since fiscal 2009.  This lower interest rate environment has compressed our net interest spread and reduced our spread-based revenues.  It has also resulted in us voluntarily waiving fees on certain money market mutual funds in order to prevent our clients' yields on such funds from becoming negative. 
  Changes in interest rates could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities.  A rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning a larger net interest spread.  Conversely, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning a smaller net interest spread.  Our most prevalent form of interest rate risk is referred to as "gap" risk.  This risk occurs when the interest rates we earn on our assets change at a different frequency or amount than the interest rates we pay on our liabilities.  For example, in the current low interest rate environment, sharp increases in short-term interest rates could result in net interest spread compression if the yields paid on interest-bearing client balances were to increase faster than our earnings on interest-earning assets.  If we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents        

Our brokerage operations have exposure to liquidity risk. 
  Maintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to our brokerage operations, including key functions such as transaction settlement and margin lending.  We are subject to cash deposit and collateral requirements with clearinghouses such as the DTCC and the OCC, which may fluctuate significantly from time to time based on the nature and size of our clients' trading activity.  Our liquidity needs to support interest-earning assets are primarily met by client cash balances or financing created from our securities lending activities.  A reduction of funds available from these sources may require us to seek other potentially more expensive forms of financing, such as borrowings on our revolving credit facilities.  Our liquidity could be constrained if we are unable to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all, due to a variety of unforeseen market disruptions.  Inability to meet our funding needs on a timely basis would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  We are exposed to credit risk with clients and counterparties. 
  We extend margin credit and leverage to clients, which are collateralized by client cash and securities.  We also borrow and lend securities in connection with our broker-dealer business.  A significant portion of our net revenues is derived from interest on margin loans.  By permitting clients to purchase securities on margin and exercise leverage with options and futures positions, we are subject to risks inherent in extending credit, especially during periods of rapidly declining markets in which the value of the collateral held by us could fall below the amount of a client's indebtedness.  In addition, in accordance with regulatory guidelines, we collateralize borrowings of securities by depositing cash or securities with lenders.  Sharp changes in market values of substantial amounts of securities and the failure by parties to the borrowing transactions to honor their commitments could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 
  Our clearing operations expose us to liability for errors in clearing functions. 
  Our broker-dealer subsidiary, TDAC, provides clearing and execution services to our introducing broker-dealer subsidiary.  Clearing and execution services include the confirmation, receipt, settlement and delivery functions involved in securities transactions.  Clearing brokers also assume direct responsibility for the possession or control of client securities and other assets and the clearing of client securities transactions.  However, clearing brokers also must rely on third-party clearing organizations, such as the DTCC and the OCC, in settling client securities transactions.  Clearing securities firms, such as TDAC, are subject to substantially more regulatory control and examination than introducing brokers that rely on others to perform clearing functions.  Errors in performing clearing functions, including clerical and other errors related to the handling of funds and securities held by us on behalf of clients, could lead to regulatory fines and civil penalties as well as losses and liability in related legal proceedings brought by clients and others. 
  Systems failures, delays and capacity constraints could harm our business. 
  We receive and process trade orders through a variety of electronic channels, including the Internet, mobile trading applications and our interactive voice response system.  These methods of trading are heavily dependent on the integrity of the electronic systems supporting them.  Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, distributed denial of service ("DDOS") attacks, spurious spam attacks, intentional acts of vandalism and similar events.  It could take several hours or more to restore full functionality following any of these events.  Extraordinary trading volumes could cause our computer systems to operate at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail.  Extraordinary Internet traffic caused by DDOS, spam attacks or extreme market volatility could cause our website or other trading applications to be unavailable or slow to respond.  While we have made significant investments to upgrade the reliability and scalability of our systems and added hardware to address extraordinary Internet traffic, there can be no assurance that our systems will be sufficient to handle such extraordinary circumstances.  Slowness or unavailability may not impact all trading channels evenly, and some trading channels may be impacted while others are not.  Social media and media reports may conflate one channel being unavailable with all channels being unavailable.  We may not be able to project accurately the rate, timing or cost of any increases in our business or to expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate any increases in a timely manner.  Systems failures and delays could occur and could cause, among other things, unanticipated disruptions in service to our clients, slower system response time resulting in transactions not being processed as quickly as our clients desire, decreased levels of client service and  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents        

client satisfaction and harm to our reputation.  The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
  Failure to protect client data or prevent breaches of our information systems could expose us to liability or reputational damage. 
  We are dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations and with our clients and vendors.  As the breadth and complexity of this infrastructure continue to grow, the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks increases.  As a financial services company, we are continuously subject to cyber-attacks by third parties.  Such breaches could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of our systems and potential unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.  In addition, vulnerabilities of our external service providers and other third parties could pose security risks to client information.  The secure transmission of confidential information over public networks is also a critical element of our operations. 
  We, along with the financial services industry in general, have experienced losses related to clients' login and password information being compromised, generally caused by attacks capturing credentials directly from clients themselves, through phishing attacks, clients' use of non-secure public computers or vulnerabilities of clients' private computers and mobile devices.  In 2007, we discovered and eliminated unauthorized code from our computer systems that had allowed an unauthorized third party to retrieve client email addresses, names, addresses and phone numbers from an internal database.  Following the incident, the Company incurred significant remediation costs.  We are aware of subsequent attempts by other attackers to penetrate our systems using similar techniques and similar attacks against other financial institutions.  If a similar incident were to occur, we could suffer damage to our reputation and incur significant remediation costs and losses.  
  In providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive and confidential client data, including personal data.  As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. federal and state laws and foreign regulations governing the protection of personally identifiable information.  These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict.  If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.  Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients.  Similarly, unauthorized access to or through our information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyber-attack by third parties who may deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs, could result in negative publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability, financial responsibility under our security guarantee to reimburse clients for losses resulting from unauthorized activity in their accounts and damage to our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  In addition, our liability insurance might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. 
  Aggressive competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. 
  The market for electronic brokerage services is continually evolving and is intensely competitive.  The retail brokerage industry has experienced significant consolidation, which may continue in the future, and which may increase competitive pressures in the industry.  Consolidation could enable other firms to offer a broader range of products and services than we do, or offer them at lower prices.  There has been aggressive price competition in the industry, including various free trade offers.  We expect this competitive environment to continue in the future.  We face direct competition from numerous retail brokerage firms, including E*TRADE Financial Corporation, The Charles Schwab Corporation and Fidelity Investments.  Scottrade is also a competitor, but we have agreed to acquire Scottrade.  We also encounter competition from the broker-dealer affiliates of established full-commission brokerage firms, such as Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley, as well as from financial institutions, mutual fund sponsors, online wealth management services and other organizations, some of which provide online brokerage services.  Some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, offer a wider range of services and financial products, and have greater name recognition and a more extensive client base than we do.  We believe that the general financial success of companies within the retail securities industry will continue to attract new competitors  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents        

to the industry, such as banks, software development companies, insurance companies, providers of online financial information and others.  These companies may provide a more comprehensive suite of services than we do or offer services at lower prices.  Increased competition, including pricing pressure, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
  We will need to introduce new products and services and enhance existing products and services to remain competitive. 
  Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop and enhance our products and services.  In addition, the adoption of new Internet, networking or telecommunications technologies or other technological changes could require us to incur substantial expenditures to enhance or adapt our services or infrastructure. 
  There are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced products and services, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies, adapt our services to emerging industry standards or develop, introduce and market enhanced or new products and services.  An inability to develop new products and services, or enhance existing offerings, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
  Advisory services subject us to additional risks. 
  We provide investment advisory services to investors through our SEC-registered investment advisors, TD Ameritrade, Inc., Amerivest Investment Management, LLC ("Amerivest") and TradeWise Advisors, Inc. ("TradeWise").  TD Ameritrade, Inc. offers AdvisorDirect,        a service that refers a client to an independent RIA.  Amerivest        is an online advisory service that develops portfolios of ETFs or mutual funds, along with cash and cash alternatives, to help long-term investors pursue their financial goals.  TradeWise provides an option advisory service for self-directed investors.  The risks associated with these investment advisory activities include those arising from possible conflicts of interest, unsuitable investment recommendations, inadequate due diligence, inadequate disclosure and fraud.  Realization of these risks could lead to liability for client losses, regulatory fines, civil penalties and harm to our reputation and business. 
  We rely on external service providers to perform certain key functions. 
  We rely on a number of external service providers for certain key technology, processing, service and support functions.  These include the services of other broker-dealers, market makers, exchanges and clearinghouses to execute and settle client orders.  We contract with external providers for futures and foreign exchange clearing.  External content providers provide us with financial information, market news, charts, option and stock quotes, research reports and other fundamental data that we offer to clients.  These service providers face technological, operational and security risks of their own.  Any significant failures by them, including improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee or company information, could interrupt our business, cause us to incur losses and harm our reputation. 
  We cannot assure that any external service providers will be able to continue to provide these services to meet our current needs in an efficient, cost-effective manner or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs in the future.  Some external service providers have assets that are important to the services they provide us located outside the United States, and their ability to provide these services is subject to risks from unfavorable political, economic, legal or other developments, such as social or political instability, changes in governmental policies or changes in laws and regulations.  
  An interruption in or the cessation of service by any external service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial constraints or problems, unanticipated trading market closures or for any other reason, and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a smooth and timely manner, if at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents        

Risk Factors Relating to the Regulatory and Legislative Environment 
  Legislation has and may continue to result in changes to rules and regulations applicable to our business, which may negatively impact our business and financial results. 
  The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), enacted in 2010, requires many federal agencies to adopt new rules and regulations applicable to the financial services industry and also calls for many studies regarding various industry practices.  In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act gives the SEC discretion to adopt rules regarding standards of conduct for broker-dealers providing investment advice to retail customers.  The U.S. Department of Labor ("DOL") has enacted regulations changing the definition of who is an investment advice fiduciary under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and how such advice can be provided to account holders in retirement accounts such as 401(k) plans and Individual Retirement Arrangements (IRAs).  The DOL regulations will deem many of the investment, rollover and asset management recommendations from us to our clients regarding their retirement accounts fiduciary "investment advice" under ERISA.  One of the most significant impacts on our business from the DOL regulations and related prohibited transaction exemptions will be the impact on our fee and compensation practices.  For example, the regulations make investment advisors to retirement account clients subject to an ERISA fiduciary duty standard and the exemptions seek to reduce conflicts of interest stemming from fee differentials and compensation incentives that could lead to a misalignment of the interests of advisors and their retirement investor clients.  The exemptions, when used, will also require certain new client contracts, adherence to "impartial conduct standards" (including a requirement to act in the "best interest" of retirement clients when providing investment advice), the adoption of related policies and procedures and the making of extensive website and other disclosures to retirement investors and the DOL.  One way to comply is to use the best interest contract exemption in connection with certain advice activities, which will subject us to an increased risk of class actions and other litigation and regulatory risks.  Additional rulemaking or legislative action could negatively impact our business and financial results.  While we have not yet been required to make other material changes to our business or operations as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act or other rulemaking or legislative action, it is not certain what the scope of future rulemaking or interpretive guidance from the SEC, FINRA, DOL, banking regulators and other regulatory agencies may be, how the courts and regulators might interpret these rules and what impact this will have on our compliance costs, business, operations and profitability. 
  Our profitability could also be affected by new or modified laws that impact the business and financial communities generally, including changes to the laws governing banking, the securities market, fiduciary duties, conflicts of interest, taxation, electronic commerce, client privacy and security of client data. 
  Failure to comply with net capital requirements could adversely affect our business. 
  The SEC, FINRA, CFTC, NFA and various other regulatory agencies have stringent rules with respect to the maintenance of specific levels of net capital by securities broker-dealers, FCMs and FDMs.  Net capital is a measure of a broker-dealer's, an FCM's or an FDM's readily available liquid assets, reduced by its total liabilities other than approved subordinated debt.  Our broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries are required to comply with net capital requirements.  If we fail to maintain the required net capital, the SEC or the CFTC could suspend or revoke our registration, and FINRA or the NFA could expel us from membership, which could ultimately lead to our liquidation, or they could impose censures, fines or other sanctions.  If the net capital rules are changed or expanded, or if there is an unusually large charge against net capital, then our operations that require capital could be limited.  A large operating loss or charge against net capital could have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain or expand our business. 
  Extensive regulation and regulatory uncertainties could harm our business. 
  The securities industry is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state, international government and self-regulatory agencies, and financial services companies are subject to regulations covering all aspects of the securities business.  Regulations are intended to ensure the integrity of financial markets, appropriate capitalization of broker-dealers, FCMs and FDMs and the protection of clients and their assets.  These regulations often serve to limit our business activities through capital, client protection and market conduct requirements, as well as restrictions on the activities that we are authorized to conduct.  Federal, state, self-regulatory organizations and foreign regulators can, among other things, censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders to, suspend or expel a regulated entity or any of its  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents        

officers or employees.  We could fail to establish and enforce procedures to comply with applicable regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
  Past turmoil in the financial markets has contributed to changes in laws and regulations, heightened scrutiny of the conduct of financial services firms and increasing penalties for violations of applicable laws and regulations.  We may be adversely affected by new laws or regulations, changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations or more rigorous enforcement.  The new laws and regulations may be complex, and we may not have the benefit of regulatory or federal interpretations to guide us in compliance.  Changes in laws and regulations or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations also can have adverse effects on our methods and costs of doing business.  We also may be adversely affected by other regulatory changes related to suitability of financial products, supervision, sales practices, application of fiduciary standards, best execution and market structure, which could limit the Company's business.  Because TD, among other things, owns more than 25% of our common stock, we are considered a non-bank subsidiary of TD under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the "BHC Act").  As a result, under the BHC Act, we are subject to the supervision and regulation of the Federal Reserve.  These banking regulations limit the activities and the types of businesses that we may conduct and the types of companies we may acquire, and under these regulations the Federal Reserve could impose significant limitations on our current business and operations.  TD is currently regulated as a "financial holding company" under the BHC Act, which allows TD and us to engage in a much broader set of activities than would otherwise be permitted under the BHC Act.  Any failure of TD to maintain its status as a financial holding company could result in substantial limitations on certain of our activities. 
  Financial services firms are subject to numerous conflicts of interest or perceived conflicts of interest, over which federal and state regulators and self-regulatory organizations have increased their scrutiny.  Addressing conflicts of interest is a complex and difficult undertaking.  Our business and reputation could be harmed if we were to fail, or appear to fail, to address conflicts appropriately. 
  In addition, we use the Internet as a major distribution channel to provide services to our clients.  A number of regulatory agencies have adopted regulations regarding client privacy, system security and safeguarding practices and the use of client information by service providers.  Additional laws and regulations relating to the Internet and safeguarding practices could be adopted in the future, including laws related to access, identity theft and regulations regarding the pricing, taxation, content and quality of products and services delivered over the Internet.  Complying with these laws and regulations may be expensive and time-consuming and could limit our ability to use the Internet as a distribution channel, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. 
  We are subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings and may not always be successful in defending against such claims and proceedings. 
  The financial services industry faces substantial litigation and regulatory risks.  We are subject to arbitration claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of our business, as well as class actions and other significant litigation.  We also are the subject of inquiries, investigations and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.  Actions brought against us may result in settlements, awards, injunctions, fines, penalties and other results adverse to us.  Predicting the outcome of such matters is inherently difficult, particularly where claims are brought on behalf of various classes of claimants or by a large number of claimants, when claimants seek substantial or unspecified damages or when investigations or legal proceedings are at an early stage.  A substantial judgment, settlement, fine or penalty could be material to our operating results or cash flows for a particular period, depending on our results for that period, or could cause us significant reputational harm, which could harm our business prospects.  In market downturns, the volume of legal claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services companies have historically increased.  We are also subject to litigation claims from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights.  Such litigation can require the expenditure of significant resources, regardless of whether the claims have merit.  If we were found to have infringed a third-party patent or other intellectual property right, then we could incur substantial liability and in some circumstances could be enjoined from using the relevant technology or providing related products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents        

Risk Factors Relating to the Scottrade Acquisition 
  The planned acquisition of Scottrade presents many risks that we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time we agreed to enter into the transaction. 
    
  Risks we face in connection with our acquisition and integration of Scottrade include that:  
             
    we may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities on a timely basis, if at all, which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing the transaction, otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of the acquisition or have other adverse effects on our business and results of operations; 
                
    TD Bank, N.A.'s acquisition of Scottrade Bank as provided in the definitive agreement may be delayed or not be completed due to regulatory or other reasons, which could delay or prevent the acquisition of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc.;  
                
    it is possible that other closing conditions to the Scottrade acquisition may not be satisfied or waived, preventing the consummation of the transaction, which could involve damages for failing to close the transaction; 
                
    our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition and integration activities; 
                
    the Scottrade acquisition might not further our business strategy as we expected, we might not integrate Scottrade's business or technology as successfully as we expected, or we might overpay for Scottrade or otherwise not realize the expected return on our investment to the extent or in the timeframe forecasted, which could adversely affect our business or results of operations;  
                
    we may not realize the benefits or cost savings anticipated to be derived from the Scottrade acquisition as initially predicted, if at all for a number of reasons, including if a larger than predicted number of customers decide not to continue to use Scottrade's or our services; 
                
    we face numerous risks and uncertainties combining and integrating our businesses and systems with Scottrade's, including the need to combine or separate business activities, accounting and data processing systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with customers and business counterparties; 
                
    we could fail to retain and integrate key Scottrade personnel who are critical to the successful operation and integration of the business; 
                
    our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely impacted by: claims or liabilities that we assume from Scottrade or that are otherwise related to the acquisition, including claims made by government agencies, terminated employees, current or former customers, former stockholders or other third parties; contractual relationships of Scottrade that we would not have entered into but for the merger, the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business; unfavorable revenue recognition or other accounting treatment as a result of Scottrade's practices; and intellectual property claims or disputes; 
                
    we may have failed to identify or assess the magnitude of liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances of Scottrade, which could result in unexpected litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes, a loss of anticipated tax benefits or other adverse effects on our business, results of operations or financial condition; 
                
    we may have difficulty incorporating Scottrade's technologies with our existing technologies and product lines while maintaining uniform standards, architecture, controls, procedures and policies; 
                
    we could experience additional or unexpected changes in how we are required to account for the acquisition pursuant to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; 
                
    we will incur transaction expenses, including legal, regulatory and other costs associated with consummating the transaction, as well as expenses related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs; 
     
   18 

     Table of Contents        

our use of cash to pay for the acquisition can be expected to limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; 
                
    we expect to issue debt to finance the acquisition, which can be expected to increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements; and 
                
    because we will be issuing common equity in connection with the acquisition, our existing stockholders will be diluted, earnings per share may decrease, and the market price of our common stock might decrease. 
     We will need to successfully manage the integration of Scottrade and future growth effectively.  Integration and additional growth may place a significant strain upon our management, administrative, operational, financial reporting, internal control and compliance infrastructure.  Managing future growth also may be difficult due to the expanded geographic locations acquired as part of the Scottrade transaction.  
  As a result of these risks and challenges, we may not realize the full benefits that we anticipate from the proposed transaction in a timely manner or at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate the operations of Scottrade and accurately anticipate and respond to the changing demands we will face as part of the integration.  We may not be able to manage growth effectively or to achieve growth at all.  Failure to manage the integration of Scottrade and future growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
  Acquisitions involve risks that could adversely affect our business. 
  We may pursue other acquisitions of businesses and technologies.  Acquisitions entail numerous risks, including: 
             
    difficulties in the integration of acquired operations, services and products; 
                
    failure to achieve expected synergies; 
                
    diversion of management's attention from other business concerns; 
                
    assumption of unknown material liabilities of acquired companies; 
                
    amortization of acquired intangible assets, which could reduce future reported earnings; 
                
    potential loss of clients or key employees of acquired companies; and 
                
    dilution to existing stockholders. 
     As part of our growth strategy, we regularly consider, and from time to time engage in, discussions and negotiations regarding transactions, such as acquisitions, mergers and combinations within our industry.  The purchase price for possible acquisitions could be paid in cash, through the issuance of common stock or other securities, borrowings or a combination of these methods. 
  We cannot be certain that we will be able to identify, consummate and successfully integrate acquisitions, and no assurance can be given with respect to the timing, likelihood or business effect of any possible transaction.  For example, we could begin negotiations that we subsequently decide to suspend or terminate for a variety of reasons.  However, opportunities may arise from time to time that we will evaluate.  Any transactions that we consummate would involve risks and uncertainties to us.  These risks could cause the failure of any anticipated benefits of an acquisition to be realized, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents        

Risk Factors Relating to Owning Our Stock 
  The market price of our common stock has experienced, and may continue to experience, substantial volatility. 
  Our common stock, and the U.S. securities markets in general, can experience significant price fluctuations.  The market prices of securities of financial services companies, in particular, have been especially volatile.  The price of our common stock could decrease substantially.  Among the factors that may affect our stock price are the following: 
             
    speculation in the investment community or the press about, or actual changes in, our competitive position, organizational structure, executive team, operations, financial condition, financial reporting and results, effectiveness of cost reduction initiatives, or strategic transactions; 
                
    the announcement of new products, services, acquisitions, or dispositions by us or our competitors; 
                
    sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by TD and J. Joe Ricketts, our founder, certain members of his family and trusts held for their benefit, who have registration rights covering approximately 223 million shares and 59 million shares, respectively, of our common stock; and 
                
    increases or decreases in revenue or earnings, changes in earnings estimates by the investment community, changes in the interest rate environment or in market expectations regarding the interest rate environment and variations between estimated financial results and actual financial results. 
     Changes in the stock market generally or as it concerns our industry, as well as geopolitical, economic, and business factors unrelated to us, may also affect our stock price. 
  Because the market price of our common stock can fluctuate significantly, we could become the object of securities class action litigation, which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business and the price of our common stock. 
  We are restricted by the terms of our revolving credit facilities and senior notes. 
  Our senior unsecured revolving credit facilities contain various negative covenants and restrictions that may limit our ability to: 
             
    incur additional indebtedness; 
                
    create liens; 
                
    sell all or substantially all of our assets; 
                
    change the nature of our business; 
                
    merge or consolidate with another entity; and 
                
    conduct transactions with affiliates. 
     Under our revolving credit facilities, we are also required to maintain compliance with a maximum consolidated leverage ratio covenant (not to exceed 3.00:1.00) and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio covenant (not less than 4.00:1:00).  TDAC is required to maintain compliance with a minimum consolidated tangible net worth covenant and our broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries are required to maintain compliance with minimum regulatory net capital covenants.  As a result of the covenants and restrictions contained in the revolving credit facilities and our senior unsecured notes, we are limited in how we conduct our business.  We cannot guarantee that we will be able to remain in compliance with these covenants or be able to obtain waivers for noncompliance in the future.  A failure to comply with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition by impairing our ability to secure and maintain financing. 
  Our corporate debt level may limit our ability to obtain additional financing. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately $1.75 billion of long-term debt, consisting of: 
   
   20 

     Table of Contents        

Our ability to meet our cash requirements, including our debt repayment obligations, is dependent upon our future performance, which will be subject to financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are or may be beyond our control.  We cannot provide assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations to fund our cash requirements.  If we are unable to meet our cash requirements from operations, we would be required to obtain alternative financing.  The degree to which we may be leveraged as a result of the indebtedness we have incurred could materially and adversely affect our ability to obtain financing for working capital, acquisitions or other purposes, could make us more vulnerable to industry downturns and competitive pressures or could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in our industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage.  There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain alternative financing, that any such financing would be on acceptable terms or that we would be permitted to do so under the terms of existing financing arrangements.  In the absence of such financing, our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions, make future acquisitions, react to adverse operating results, meet our debt repayment obligations or fund required capital expenditures could be materially and adversely affected. 
  Our business, financial position, and results of operations could be harmed by adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies. 
  If our counterparty credit rating or the credit ratings of our outstanding indebtedness are downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged.  A downgrade would have the effect of increasing our incremental borrowing costs and could decrease the availability of funds for borrowing.  In addition, a downgrade could adversely affect our relationships with our clients. 
  TD exercises significant influence over TD Ameritrade. 
  As of October 1,   2016  , TD owned approximately 42% of our outstanding common stock.  As a result, TD will generally have the ability to significantly influence the outcome of any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders and as a result of its significant share ownership in TD Ameritrade, TD may have the power, subject to applicable law, to significantly influence actions that might be favorable to TD, but not necessarily favorable to our other stockholders. 
  The stockholders agreement provides that TD may designate five of the twelve members of our board of directors, subject to adjustment based on TD's ownership positions in TD Ameritrade.  As of October 1, 2016, based on its ownership positions, TD has the right to designate five members of our board of directors.  Accordingly, TD is able to significantly influence the outcome of all matters that come before our board. 
  TD is permitted under the stockholders agreement to exercise voting rights on up to 45% of our outstanding shares of common stock until termination of the stockholders agreement (which will occur no later than January 24, 2021).  If our stock repurchases cause TD's ownership percentage to exceed 45%, TD is required to use reasonable efforts to sell or dispose of such excess stock, subject to TD's commercial judgment as to the optimal timing, amount and method of sales with a view to maximizing proceeds from such sales.  TD has no absolute obligation to reduce its ownership percentage to 45% by the termination of the stockholders agreement.  However, prior to and following the termination of the stockholders agreement, TD is required to vote any such excess stock on any matter in the same proportions as all the outstanding shares of stock held by holders other than TD and its affiliates are voted.  In no event may TD Ameritrade repurchase shares of its common stock that would result in TD's ownership percentage exceeding 47%.  There is no restriction on the number of shares TD may own following the termination of the stockholders agreement. 
  The ownership position and governance rights of TD could also discourage a third party from proposing a change of control or other strategic transaction concerning TD Ameritrade.  As a result, our common stock could trade at prices that do not reflect a "takeover premium" to the same extent as do the stocks of similarly situated companies that do not have a stockholder with an ownership interest as large as TD's ownership interest. 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents        

We have extensive relationships and business transactions with TD and some of its affiliates, which if terminated or adversely modified could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  We have extensive relationships and business transactions with TD and certain of its affiliates.  The insured deposit account agreement between us and affiliates of TD provides a significant portion of our revenue.  This agreement enables our clients to invest in an FDIC-insured deposit product without the need for the Company to establish the significant levels of capital that would be required to maintain our own bank charter.  During fiscal   2016  , net revenues related to this agreement accounted for approximately   28%   of our net revenues.  For fiscal year   2016  , the average balance of client cash swept to our insured deposit account offering was   $84 billion  .  The average yield earned on the insured deposit account balances was   89   basis points higher than the average net yield earned on segregated cash balances during fiscal   2016  .  The termination or adverse modification of this agreement without replacing it on comparable terms with a different counterparty, which may not be available, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  If this agreement was terminated or adversely modified and we were permitted to establish our own bank charter for purposes of offering an FDIC-insured deposit product, we would be required to establish and maintain significant levels of capital within a bank subsidiary.  We would also be subject to various other risks associated with banking, including credit risk on loans and investments, liquidity risk associated with bank balance sheet management, operational risks associated with banking systems and infrastructure and additional regulatory requirements and supervision. 
  Conflicts of interest may arise between TD Ameritrade and TD, which may be resolved in a manner that adversely affects our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
  Conflicts of interest may arise between us and TD in areas relating to past, ongoing and future relationships, including corporate opportunities, potential acquisitions or financing transactions, sales or other dispositions by TD of its interests in TD Ameritrade and the exercise by TD of its influence over our management and affairs.  Some of the directors on our board are persons who are also officers or directors of TD or its subsidiaries.  Service as a director or officer of both TD Ameritrade and TD or its other subsidiaries could create conflicts of interest if such directors or officers are faced with decisions that could have materially different implications for us and for TD.  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions relating to the avoidance of direct competition between us and TD.  In addition, a committee of our board consisting of outside independent directors reviews and approves or ratifies transactions with TD and its affiliates.  There can be no assurance that any of the foregoing potential conflicts would be resolved in a manner that does not adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  In addition, the provisions of the stockholders agreement related to non-competition are subject to numerous exceptions and qualifications and may not prevent us and TD from competing with each other to some degree in the future. 
  The terms of the stockholders agreement, our charter documents and Delaware law could inhibit a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 
  Provisions in the stockholders agreement between TD and the Company, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law will make it difficult for any party to acquire control of us in a transaction not approved by the requisite number of directors.  These provisions include: 
             
    the presence of a classified board of directors; 
                
    the ability of the board of directors to issue and determine the terms of preferred stock; 
                
    advance notice requirements for inclusion of stockholder proposals at stockholder meetings; and 
                
    the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law. 
     These provisions could delay or prevent a change of control or change in management that might provide stockholders with a premium to the market price of their common stock. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents        

Our future ability to pay regular dividends to holders of our common stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will be limited by our ability to generate sufficient earnings and cash flows. 
  Payment of future cash dividends on our common stock will depend on our ability to generate earnings and cash flows.  However, sufficient cash may not be available to pay such dividends.  Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors that the board of directors deems relevant, including future earnings, the success of our business activities, capital requirements, the general financial condition and future prospects of our business and general business conditions.  If we are unable to generate sufficient earnings and cash flows from our business, we may not be able to pay dividends on our common stock. 
  Our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock is also dependent on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to the parent company.  Some of our subsidiaries are subject to requirements of the SEC, FINRA, the CFTC, the NFA and other regulators relating to liquidity, capital standards and the use of client funds and securities, which may limit funds available for the payment of dividends to the parent company. 
   
  Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments 
  None. 
   
  Item 2.      Properties 
  Our Company-owned corporate headquarters facility is located in Omaha, Nebraska and provides more than 500,000 square feet of building space.  Our headquarters facility has earned Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Platinum Certification, the highest level of distinction awarded by the U.S. Green Building Council.  We also lease approximately 80,000 square feet of building space on property adjacent to the headquarters for administrative and operational facilities.  These leases expire in 2020. 
  We lease approximately 195,000 and 140,000 square feet of building space for additional operations centers in Jersey City, New Jersey and Fort Worth, Texas, respectively.  The Jersey City and Fort Worth leases expire in 2020.  During October 2015, we purchased land in Southlake, Texas, on which we are currently constructing a new operations center.  We intend to transition our Fort Worth operations to Southlake once construction of the new facility is completed, which is scheduled for 2017.  We lease smaller administrative and operational facilities in California, Colorado, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, Texas and Utah, and we own a data center facility in Richardson, Texas.  We also lease over 100 branch offices located in large metropolitan areas in 33 states and the District of Columbia.  We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our needs. 
   
  Item 3.      Legal Proceedings 
  For information regarding legal proceedings, see Note   13       Commitments and Contingencies     "  Order Routing Matters  " and "  Other Legal and Regulatory Matters  " under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 
  
   23 

Table of Contents        

PART II 
   
           Item 5. 
    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     Price Range of Common Stock 
  Prior to December 12, 2015, our common stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "AMTD."  On December 12, 2015, our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "AMTD."  The following table shows the high and low sales prices for our common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by the NYSE through December 11, 2015 and the Nasdaq Global Select Market thereafter.  The prices reflect inter-dealer prices and do not include retail markups, markdowns or commissions. 

The closing sale price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on November 3,   2016   was $33.84 per share.  As of that date there were 655 holders of record of our common stock based on information provided by our transfer agent.  The number of stockholders of record does not reflect the number of individual or institutional stockholders that beneficially own our stock because most stock is held in the name of nominees.  Based on information available to us, we believe there are approximately 68,000 beneficial holders of our common stock. 
  Dividends 
  We declared and paid a $0.17 per share and a $0.15 per share quarterly cash dividend on our common stock during each quarter of fiscal years   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  On October 24,   2016  , we declared an $0.18 per share quarterly cash dividend for the first quarter of fiscal   2017  .  We are scheduled to pay the quarterly cash dividend on November 22,   2016   to all holders of record of our common stock as of November 8,   2016  .  The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors that the board of directors deems relevant, including future earnings, the success of our business activities, capital requirements, the general financial condition and future prospects of our business and general business conditions. 
  Our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock is also dependent on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to the parent company.  Some of our subsidiaries are subject to requirements of the SEC, FINRA, the CFTC, the NFA and other regulators relating to liquidity, capital standards and the use of client funds and securities, which may limit funds available for the payment of dividends to the parent company.  See Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition   "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for further information. 
  Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
  Information about securities authorized for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans is contained in Item 12   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents        

Performance Graph 
  The following Company common stock performance information is not deemed to be   "  soliciting material  "   or to be   "  filed  "   with the SEC or subject to the SEC's proxy rules or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any prior or subsequent filing by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
  The following graph and table set forth information comparing the cumulative total return through the end of the Company's most recent   fiscal year from a $  100 investment on September 30, 2011 in the Company's common stock, a broad-based stock index and the stocks comprising an industry peer group.  

The Peer Group is comprised of the following companies that have significant retail brokerage operations: 
  E*TRADE Financial Corporation 
  The Charles Schwab Corporation 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents        

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

On November 20, 2015, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 30 million shares of our common stock.  We disclosed this authorization on November 20, 2015 in our annual report on Form 10-K.  This program was the only stock repurchase program in effect and no programs expired during the fourth quarter of fiscal   2016  . 
  During the quarter ended September 30,   2016  , 12,886 shares were repurchased from employees for income tax withholding in connection with distributions of stock-based compensation. 
   
  Item 6.      Selected Financial Data 

26 

Table of Contents        

Item 7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  This discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "may," "could," "would," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," "target," "project," "intend" and similar words or expressions.  In particular, forward-looking statements contained in this discussion include our expectations regarding: the effect of client trading activity on our results of operations; the effect of changes in interest rates on our net interest spread; diluted earnings per share; average commissions and transaction fees per trade; amounts of commissions and transaction fees, asset-based revenues, insured deposit account fees, net interest revenue and investment product fees; net interest margin; the average yield earned on insured deposit account assets; the effect of the FDIC surcharge on our insured deposit account fees; growth in spread-based and fee-based asset balances; amounts of total operating expenses; our effective income tax rate; our capital and liquidity needs and our plans to finance such needs; and our clearinghouse deposit requirements. 
  The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements.  Important factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: general economic and political conditions and other securities industry risks; fluctuations in interest rates; stock market fluctuations and changes in client trading activity; credit risk with clients and counterparties; increased competition; systems failures, delays and capacity constraints; network security risks; liquidity risk; new laws and regulations affecting our business; regulatory and legal matters and uncertainties, inability to obtain regulatory approval for our planned acquisition of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc. ("Scottrade"), including the completion of the merger between Scottrade Bank and TD Bank, N.A., delay or failure to close such transaction or meet other closing conditions and the other risks and uncertainties set forth under Item 1A       Risk Factors of this Form 10-K.  The forward-looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date on which the statements were made and do not include information related to the planned acquisition of Scottrade, except where Scottrade is referred to.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. 
   
  Glossary of Terms 
  In discussing and analyzing our business, we utilize several metrics and other terms that are defined in the following Glossary of Terms.    Italics   indicate other defined terms that appear elsewhere in the Glossary.  The term "GAAP" refers to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
  Asset-based revenues     Revenues consisting of (1)   insured deposit account   fees, (2)   net interest revenue   and (3)   investment product fees  .  The primary factors driving our asset-based revenues are average balances and average rates.  Average balances consist primarily of average client   insured deposit account   balances, average   client margin balances  , average   segregated cash   balances, average   client credit balances  , average   fee-based investment balances   and average   securities borrowing   and   securities lending   balances.  Average rates consist of the average interest rates and fees earned and paid on such balances. 
  Average client trades per day   Total trades   divided by the number of   trading days   in the period.  This metric is also known as   daily average revenue trades   ("  DARTs  "). 
  Average commissions and transaction fees per trade         Total commissions and transaction fee revenues as reported on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income divided by   total trades   for the period.  Commissions and transaction fee revenues primarily consist of trading commissions,   order routing revenue   and markups on riskless principal transactions in fixed-income securities. 
  Basis point     When referring to interest rates, one basis point represents one one-hundredth of one percent. 
  Beneficiary accounts   Brokerage accounts   managed by a custodian, guardian, conservator or trustee on behalf of one or more beneficiaries.  Examples include accounts maintained under the Uniform Gift to Minors Act (UGMA) or Uniform Transfer to Minors Act (UTMA), guardianship, conservatorship and trust arrangements and pension or profit plan for small business accounts. 
  Brokerage accounts         Accounts maintained by the Company on behalf of clients for securities brokerage activities.  The primary types of brokerage accounts are   cash accounts, margin accounts, IRA accounts   and  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents        

beneficiary accounts.  Futures accounts   are sub-accounts associated with a brokerage account for clients who wish to trade futures and/or options on futures. 
  Cash accounts   Brokerage accounts   that do not have   margin account   approval. 
  Client assets         The total value of cash and securities in   brokerage accounts. 
  Client cash and money market assets     The sum of all client cash balances, including   client credit balances   and client cash balances swept into   insured deposit accounts   or money market mutual funds. 
  Client credit balances       Client cash held in   brokerage accounts,   excluding balances generated by client short sales on which no interest is paid.  Interest paid on client credit balances is a reduction of   net interest revenue.    Client credit balances are included in "payable to clients" on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Client margin balances       The total amount of cash loaned to clients in   margin accounts.    Such loans are secured by client assets.  Interest earned on client margin balances is a component of   net interest revenue.    Client margin balances are included in "receivable from clients, net" on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Consolidated duration     The weighted average remaining years until maturity of our   spread-based assets  .  For purposes of this calculation, floating rate balances are treated as having a one-month duration.  Consolidated duration is used in analyzing our aggregate interest rate sensitivity. 
  Daily average revenue trades   ("  DARTs  ")         Total trades   divided by the number of   trading days   in the period.  This metric is also known as   average client trades per day. 
  EBITDA           EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) is a non-GAAP financial measure.  We consider EBITDA to be an important measure of our financial performance and of our ability to generate cash flows to service debt, fund capital expenditures and fund other corporate investing and financing activities.  EBITDA is used as the denominator in the consolidated leverage ratio calculation for covenant purposes under our senior revolving credit facility.  EBITDA eliminates the non-cash effect of tangible asset depreciation and amortization and intangible asset amortization.  EBITDA should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, pre-tax income, net income and cash flows from operating activities. 
  EPS excluding amortization of intangible assets     Earnings per share ("EPS") excluding amortization of intangible assets is a non-GAAP financial measure.  We define EPS excluding amortization of intangible assets as earnings (loss) per share, adjusted to remove the after-tax effect of amortization of acquired intangible assets.  We consider EPS excluding amortization of intangible assets an important measure of our financial performance.  Amortization of acquired intangible assets is excluded because we believe it is not indicative of underlying business performance.  EPS excluding amortization of intangible assets should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, GAAP earnings per share. 
  EPS from ongoing operations       EPS from ongoing operations is a non-GAAP financial measure.  We define EPS from ongoing operations as earnings (loss) per share, adjusted to remove any significant unusual gains or charges.  We consider EPS from ongoing operations an important measure of the financial performance of our ongoing business.  Unusual gains and charges are excluded because we believe they are not likely to be indicative of the ongoing operations of our business.  EPS from ongoing operations should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, GAAP earnings per share. 
  Fee-based investment balances       Client assets invested in money market mutual funds, other mutual funds and Company programs such as AdvisorDirect        and Amerivest,        on which we earn fee revenues.  Fee revenues earned on these balances are included in   investment product fees   on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Funded accounts       All open client accounts with a total   liquidation value   greater than zero. 
  Futures accounts       Sub-accounts maintained by the Company on behalf of clients for trading in futures and/or options on futures.  Each futures account must be associated with a   brokerage account  .  Futures accounts are not counted separately for purposes of the Company's client account metrics. 
  Insured deposit account     The Company is party to an Insured Deposit Account ("IDA") agreement with TD Bank USA, N.A. ("TD Bank USA"), TD Bank, N.A. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank ("TD").  Under the IDA agreement, TD Bank USA and TD Bank, N.A. (together, the "TD Depository Institutions") make available to clients of the Company FDIC-insured money market deposit accounts as either designated sweep vehicles or as non-sweep  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents        

deposit accounts.  The Company provides marketing, recordkeeping and support services for the TD Depository Institutions with respect to the money market deposit accounts.  In exchange for providing these services, the TD Depository Institutions pay the Company an aggregate marketing fee based on the weighted average yield earned on the client IDA assets, less the actual interest paid to clients, a servicing fee to the TD Depository Institutions and the cost of FDIC insurance premiums. 
  Interest-earning assets     Consist of   client margin balances,     segregated cash  , deposits paid on   securities borrowing   and other cash and interest-earning investment balances. 
  Interest rate-sensitive assets       Consist of   spread-based assets   and client cash invested in money market mutual funds. 
  Investment product fees         Revenues earned on   fee-based investment balances  .  Investment product fees include fees earned on money market mutual funds, other mutual funds and through Company programs such as AdvisorDirect        and Amerivest       .  
  IRA accounts (Individual Retirement Arrangements)       A personal trust account for the exclusive benefit of a U.S. individual (or his or her beneficiaries) that provides tax advantages in accumulating funds to save for retirement or other qualified purposes.  These accounts are subject to numerous restrictions on additions to and withdrawals from the account, as well as prohibitions against certain investments or transactions conducted within the account.  The Company offers traditional, Roth, Savings Incentive Match Plan for Employees (SIMPLE) and Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) IRA accounts. 
  Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities       Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities is a non-GAAP financial measure.  We consider liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities to be an important measure of our liquidity.  We define liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities as the sum of (a) corporate cash and cash equivalents and investments, excluding amounts being maintained to provide liquidity for operational contingencies, including lending to our broker-dealer and futures commission merchant ("FCM")/forex dealer member ("FDM") subsidiaries under intercompany credit agreements and (b) regulatory net capital of (i) our clearing broker-dealer subsidiary in excess of 10% of aggregate debit items and (ii) our introducing broker-dealer subsidiary in excess of a minimum operational target established by management ($50 million in the case of our introducing broker-dealer, TD Ameritrade, Inc.).  We include the excess capital of our broker-dealer subsidiaries in the calculation of liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities, rather than simply including broker-dealer cash and cash equivalents, because capital requirements may limit the amount of cash available for dividend from the broker-dealer subsidiaries to the parent company.  Excess capital, as defined under clause (b) above, is generally available for dividend from the broker-dealer subsidiaries to the parent company.  Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities is based on more conservative measures of broker-dealer net capital than regulatory requirements because we generally manage to higher levels of net capital at the broker-dealer subsidiaries than the regulatory thresholds require.  Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities should be considered as a supplemental measure of liquidity, rather than as a substitute for cash and cash equivalents. 
  Liquidation value       The net value of a client's account holdings as of the close of a regular trading session.  Liquidation value includes client cash and the value of long security positions, less margin balances and the cost to buy back short security positions.  It also includes the value of open futures, foreign exchange and options positions. 
  Margin accounts       Brokerage accounts   in which clients may borrow from the Company to buy securities or for any other purpose, subject to regulatory and Company-imposed limitations. 
  Market fee-based investment balances     Client assets invested in mutual funds (except money market funds) and Company programs such as AdvisorDirect        and Amerivest,        on which we earn fee revenues that are largely based on a percentage of the market value of the investment.  Market fee-based investment balances are a component of   fee-based investment balances  .  Fee revenues earned on these balances are included in   investment product fees   on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Net income excluding amortization of intangible assets     Net income excluding amortization of intangible assets is a non-GAAP financial measure.  We define net income excluding amortization of intangible assets as net income (loss), adjusted to remove the after-tax effect of amortization of acquired intangible assets.  We consider net income excluding amortization of intangible assets an important measure of our financial performance.   
  
   29 

     Table of Contents        

Amortization of acquired intangible assets is excluded because we believe it is not indicative of underlying business performance.  Net income excluding amortization of intangible assets should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, GAAP net income. 
  Net interest margin   ("  NIM  ")       A measure of the net yield on our average   spread-based assets  .  Net interest margin is calculated for a given period by dividing the annualized sum of   insured deposit account   fees and   net interest revenue   by average   spread-based assets  .  
  Net interest revenue       Net interest revenue is interest revenues less brokerage interest expense.  Interest revenues are generated by charges to clients on margin balances maintained in   margin accounts,   the investment of cash from operations and   segregated cash   and interest earned on   securities borrowing/securities lending  .  Brokerage interest expense consists of amounts paid or payable to clients based on credit balances maintained in   brokerage accounts   and interest incurred on   securities borrowing/securities lending  .  Brokerage interest expense does not include interest on Company non-brokerage borrowings. 
  Net new assets       Consists of total client asset inflows, less total client asset outflows, excluding activity from business combinations.  Client asset inflows include interest and dividend payments and exclude changes in   client assets   due to market fluctuations.  Net new assets are measured based on the market value of the assets as of the date of the inflows and outflows. 
  Net new asset growth rate (annualized)       Annualized   net new assets   as a percentage of   client assets   as of the beginning of the period. 
  Operating expenses excluding advertising       Operating expenses excluding advertising is a non-GAAP financial measure.  Operating expenses excluding advertising consists of total operating expenses, adjusted to remove advertising expense.  We consider operating expenses excluding advertising an important measure of the financial performance of our ongoing business.  Advertising spending is excluded because it is largely at the discretion of the Company, can vary significantly from period to period based on market conditions and generally relates to the acquisition of future revenues through new accounts rather than current revenues from existing accounts.  Operating expenses excluding advertising should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, total operating expenses. 
  Order routing revenue     Revenues generated from revenue-sharing arrangements with market destinations (also referred to as "payment for order flow").  Order routing revenue is a component of   transaction-based revenues  . 
  Securities borrowing       We borrow securities temporarily from other broker-dealers in connection with our broker-dealer business.  We deposit cash as collateral for the securities borrowed, and generally earn interest revenue on the cash deposited with the counterparty.  We also incur interest expense for borrowing certain securities. 
  Securities lending       We loan securities temporarily to other broker-dealers in connection with our broker-dealer business.  We receive cash as collateral for the securities loaned, and generally incur interest expense on the cash deposited with us.  We also earn revenue for lending certain securities. 
  Segregated cash       Client cash and investments segregated in compliance with Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Customer Protection Rule) and other regulations.  Interest earned on segregated cash is a component of   net interest revenue. 
  Spread-based assets       Client and brokerage-related asset balances, consisting of   insured deposit account   balances and   interest-earning assets  .  Spread-based assets is used in the calculation of our   net interest margin   and our   consolidated duration  . 
  Total trades       Revenue-generating client securities trades, which are executed by the Company's broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries.  Total trades are a significant source of the Company's revenues.  Such trades include, but are not limited to, trades in equities, options, futures, foreign exchange, mutual funds and debt instruments.  Trades generate revenue from commissions, markups on riskless principal transactions in fixed income securities, transaction fees and/or   order routing revenue  . 
  Trading days       Days in which the U.S. equity markets are open for a full trading session.  Reduced exchange trading sessions are treated as half trading days. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents        

Transaction-based revenues       Revenues generated from client trade execution, consisting primarily of commissions, markups on riskless principal transactions in fixed income securities, transaction clearing fees and   order routing revenue  . 
   
  Financial Statement Overview 
  We provide securities brokerage and clearing services to our clients through our introducing and clearing broker-dealer subsidiaries.  We also provide futures and foreign exchange trade execution services to our clients through our futures commission merchant ("FCM") and forex dealer member ("FDM") subsidiary.  Substantially all of our net revenues are derived from our brokerage activities and clearing and execution services.  Our primary focus is serving retail clients and independent registered investment advisors by providing services with straightforward, affordable pricing. 
  Our largest sources of revenues are asset-based revenues and transaction-based revenues.  The primary factors driving our asset-based revenues are average balances and average rates.  Average balances consist primarily of average client insured deposit account balances, average client margin balances, average segregated cash balances, average client credit balances, average fee-based investment balances and average securities borrowing and lending balances.  Average rates consist of the average interest rates and fees earned and paid on such balances.  The primary factors driving our transaction-based revenues are total client trades and average commissions and transaction fees per trade.  We also receive order routing revenue, which results from arrangements we have with many execution agents to receive cash payments in exchange for routing trade orders to these firms for execution.  Order routing revenue is included in commissions and transaction fees on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Our largest operating expense generally is employee compensation and benefits.  Employee compensation and benefits expense includes salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, group insurance, contributions to benefit programs, recruitment, severance and other related employee costs. 
  Clearing and execution costs include incremental third-party expenses that tend to fluctuate as a result of fluctuations in client accounts or trades.  Examples of expenses included in this category are outsourced clearing services, statement and confirmation processing and postage costs and clearing expenses paid to the National Securities Clearing Corporation, option exchanges and other market centers.  Communications expense includes telecommunications, other postage, news and quote costs.  Occupancy and equipment costs include the costs of leasing and maintaining our office spaces, software licensing and maintenance costs and maintenance expenses on computer hardware and other equipment.  Depreciation and amortization includes depreciation on property and equipment and amortization of leasehold improvements.  Amortization of acquired intangible assets consists of amortization of amounts allocated to the value of intangible assets acquired in business combinations. 
  Professional services expense includes costs paid to outside firms for assistance with legal, accounting, technology, regulatory, marketing and general management issues.  Advertising costs include production and placement of advertisements in various media, including online, television, print and email, as well as client promotion and development costs.  Advertising expenses may fluctuate significantly from period to period.  Other operating expenses include provision for bad debt losses, fraud and error losses, gains or losses on disposal of property, insurance expenses, travel expenses and other miscellaneous expenses. 
  Interest on borrowings consists of interest expense on our long-term debt and other borrowings.  Gain on sale of investments represents gains realized on corporate (non broker-dealer) investments. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgments and estimates that may have a significant impact upon our financial results.  Note 1, under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, of this Form 10-K contains a summary of our significant accounting policies, many of which require the use of estimates and assumptions.  We believe that the following areas are particularly subject to management's judgments and estimates and could materially affect our results of operations and financial position. 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents        

Valuation of goodwill and acquired intangible assets 
  We test goodwill and our indefinite-lived acquired intangible asset for impairment on at least an annual basis, or whenever events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values may not be recoverable.  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we elected to prospectively change the date of our annual goodwill and indefinite-lived acquired intangible asset impairment tests from September 30 to July 1 of each year, commencing on July 1, 2016.  The change in the impairment testing date is preferable as it provides us with additional time to complete our annual impairment testing in advance of our year-end reporting.  In performing the goodwill impairment tests, we utilize quoted market prices of our common stock to estimate the fair value of the Company as a whole.  The estimated fair value is then allocated to our reporting units based on operating revenues, and is compared with the carrying value of the reporting units.  No impairment charges have resulted from our annual goodwill impairment tests. 
  To determine if the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, we first assess certain qualitative factors.  Based on this assessment, if it is determined that more likely than not the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative impairment test.  No impairment charges have resulted from the annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests. 
  We review our finite-lived acquired intangible assets for impairment whenever events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such asset may not be recoverable.  We evaluate recoverability by comparing the undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset to the asset's carrying amount.  We also evaluate the remaining useful lives of intangible assets each reporting period to determine if events or trends warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization.  We have had no events or trends that have warranted a material revision to the originally estimated useful lives. 
  Estimates of effective income tax rates, uncertain tax positions, deferred income taxes and related valuation allowances 
  We estimate our income tax expense based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business.  This requires us to estimate our current income tax obligations and to assess temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities.  Temporary differences result in deferred income tax assets and liabilities.  We must evaluate the likelihood that deferred income tax assets will be realized.  To the extent we determine that realization is not "more likely than not," we establish a valuation allowance.  Establishing or increasing a valuation allowance results in a corresponding increase to income tax expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.  Conversely, to the extent circumstances indicate that a valuation allowance can be reduced or is no longer necessary, that portion of the valuation allowance is reversed, reducing income tax expense. 
  We must make significant judgments to calculate our provision for income taxes, our deferred income tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance against our deferred income tax assets.  We must also exercise judgment in determining the need for, and amount of, any accruals for uncertain tax positions.  Because the application of tax laws and regulations to many types of transactions is subject to varying interpretations, amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements could be significantly changed at a later date upon final determinations by taxing authorities. 
  Accruals for contingent liabilities 
  Accruals for contingent liabilities, such as legal and regulatory claims and proceedings, reflect an estimate of probable losses for each matter.  In making such estimates, we consider many factors, including the progress of the matter, prior experience and the experience of others in similar matters, available defenses, insurance coverage, indemnification provisions and the advice of legal counsel and other experts.  In many matters, such as those in which substantial or indeterminate damages or fines are sought, or where cases or proceedings are in the early stages, it is not possible to determine whether a loss will be incurred, or to estimate the range of that loss, until the matter is close to resolution, in which case no accrual is made until that time.  Because matters may be resolved over long periods of time, accruals are adjusted as more information becomes available or when an event occurs requiring a change.  Significant judgment is required in making these estimates, and the actual cost of resolving a matter may ultimately differ materially from the amount accrued. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents        

Valuation of guarantees 
  We enter into guarantees in the ordinary course of business, primarily to meet the needs of our clients and to manage our asset-based revenues.  We record a liability for the estimated fair value of the guarantee at its inception.  If actual results differ significantly from these estimates, our results of operations could be materially affected.  For further details regarding our guarantees, see the following sections under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: "  Guarantees  " under Note   13       Commitments and Contingencies   and "  Insured Deposit Account Agreement  " under Note   19       Related Party Transactions  . 
   
  Results of Operations 
  Conditions in the U.S. equity markets significantly impact the volume of our clients' trading activity.  There is a strong relationship between the volume of our clients' trading activity and our results of operations.  We cannot predict future trading volumes in the U.S. equity markets.  If client trading activity increases, we generally expect that it would have a positive impact on our results of operations.  If client trading activity declines, we expect that it would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
  Changes in average balances, especially client insured deposit account, margin, credit and mutual fund balances, may significantly impact our results of operations.  Changes in interest rates also significantly impact our results of operations.  We seek to mitigate interest rate risk by aligning the average duration of our interest-earning assets with that of our interest-bearing liabilities.  We cannot predict the direction of interest rates or the levels of client balances.  If interest rates rise, we generally expect to earn a larger net interest spread.  Conversely, a falling interest rate environment generally would result in our earning a smaller net interest spread. 
   
  Financial Performance Metrics 
  Net income, diluted earnings per share and EBITDA are key metrics we use in evaluating our financial performance.  Net income and diluted earnings per share are GAAP financial measures and EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. 
  We consider EBITDA to be an important measure of our financial performance and of our ability to generate cash flows to service debt, fund capital expenditures and fund other corporate investing and financing activities.  EBITDA is used as the denominator in the consolidated leverage ratio calculation for covenant purposes under our senior revolving credit facility.  EBITDA eliminates the non-cash effect of tangible asset depreciation and amortization and intangible asset amortization.  EBITDA should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, pre-tax income, net income and cash flows from operating activities. 
  The following table sets forth net income in dollars and as a percentage of net revenues for the periods indicated, and provides reconciliations to EBITDA (dollars in millions): 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015 
  Our net income increased 4% for fiscal   2016   compared to fiscal   2015  , primarily due to an   increase   in net revenues and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by an   increase   in operating expenses and interest on borrowings  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents        

during fiscal 2016 and a $7 million gain on sale of investments during the prior year.  Detailed analysis of net revenues and expenses is presented later in this discussion. 
  Our EBITDA decreased 1% for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to an increase in operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization during fiscal 2016 and a $7 million gain on sale of investments during the prior year, partially offset by an increase in net revenues. 
  Our diluted earnings per share increased 6% to   $1.58   for fiscal   2016   compared to   $1.49   for fiscal   2015  , primarily due to higher net income and a 2% decrease in average diluted shares outstanding as a result of our stock repurchase programs.  Based on our expectations for net revenues and expenses, we expect diluted earnings per share to range from $1.50 to $1.80 for fiscal year   2017  , depending largely on the level of client trading activity, client asset growth and the level of interest rates.  Details regarding our fiscal year   2017   expectations for net revenues and expenses are presented later in this discussion. 
  Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2014 
  Our net income increased 3% for fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to an increase in net revenues and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses and interest on borrowings. 
  Our EBITDA increased 2% for fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to an increase in net revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization.   
  Our diluted earnings per share increased 5% to $1.49 for fiscal 2015 compared to $1.42 for fiscal 2014, primarily due to higher net income and a 1% decrease in average diluted shares outstanding as a result of our stock repurchase programs. 
   
  Operating Metrics 
  Our largest sources of revenues are asset-based revenues and transaction-based revenues.  For fiscal   2016  , asset-based revenues and transaction-based revenues accounted for   57%   and   41%   of our net revenues, respectively.  Asset-based revenues consist of (1) insured deposit account fees, (2) net interest revenue and (3) investment product fees.  The primary factors driving our asset-based revenues are average balances and average rates.  Average balances consist primarily of average client insured deposit account balances, average client margin balances, average segregated cash balances, average client credit balances, average fee-based investment balances and average securities borrowing and lending balances.  Average rates consist of the average interest rates and fees earned and paid on such balances.  The primary factors driving our transaction-based revenues are total client trades and average commissions and transaction fees per trade.  We also consider client account and client asset metrics, although we believe they are generally of less significance to our results of operations for any particular period than our metrics for asset-based and transaction-based revenues. 
  
   34 

Table of Contents        

Asset-Based Revenue Metrics 
  We calculate the return on our insured deposit account balances and our interest-earning assets using a measure we refer to as net interest margin.  Net interest margin is calculated for a given period by dividing the annualized sum of insured deposit account fees and net interest revenue by average spread-based assets.  Spread-based assets consist of client and brokerage-related asset balances, including insured deposit account balances, client margin balances, segregated cash, deposits paid on securities borrowing and other cash and interest-earning investment balances.  The following table sets forth net interest margin and average spread-based assets (dollars in millions): 

The following tables set forth key metrics that we use in analyzing net interest revenue, which is a component of net interest margin (dollars in millions): 

35 

     Table of Contents        

The following tables set forth key metrics that we use in analyzing investment product fee revenues (dollars in millions): 

36 

Table of Contents        

Transaction-Based Revenue Metrics 
  The following table sets forth several key metrics regarding client trading activity, which we utilize in measuring and evaluating performance and the results of our operations: 

(1)    Average order routing revenue per trade is included in average commissions and transaction fees per trade. 
  Client Account and Client Asset Metrics 
  The following table sets forth certain metrics regarding client accounts and client assets, which we use to analyze growth and trends in our client base: 

37 

Table of Contents        

Consolidated Statements of Income Data 
  The following table summarizes certain data from our Consolidated Statements of Income for analysis purposes (dollars in millions): 

38 

Table of Contents        

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015 
  Net Revenues 
  Commissions and transaction fees decreased   2%   to   $1.37   billion, primarily due to lower average commissions and transaction fees per trade, slightly offset by increased client trading activity.  Average commissions and transaction fees per trade decreased to $11.76 from $12.09, primarily due to lower average contracts per trade on option and futures trades and a slightly higher percentage of our clients' trades receiving reduced commission rates as a result of continued price competition in the industry.  Total trades increased 1% as average client trades per day increased slightly to 462,918 for fiscal 2016 compared to 461,541 for fiscal 2015, and there was one more trading day during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015.  We expect average commissions and transaction fees to decrease to between $11.50 and $11.75 per trade during fiscal   2017  , depending on the mix of client trading activity, level of order routing revenue and other factors.  We expect revenues from commissions and transaction fees to range from $1.37 billion to $1.49 billion for fiscal   2017  , depending on the volume of client trading activity, average commissions and transaction fees per trade and other factors. 
  Asset-based revenues, which consist of insured deposit account fees, net interest revenue and investment product fees, increased 6% to $1.90 billion primarily due to an 11% increase in average spread-based assets, an increase of 2 basis points in the average yield earned on total fee-based investment balances and the deferral of $10 million of revenue during fiscal 2015 related to an Amerivest        fee rebate offer, as described below.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 9 basis points in net interest margin to 1.41%, as the benefit realized on the December 2015 federal funds rate increase was more than offset by a decrease in net interest revenue from our securities borrowing/lending program and the impact of lower average client margin balances, which earn a larger net interest spread, as well as higher average cash balances, which earn a lower net interest spread.  On December 16, 2015, the Federal Open Market Committee increased the target range for the federal funds rate by 0.25% to between 0.25% and 0.50%.  We expect net interest margin to decrease to between 1.27% and 1.38% for fiscal 2017, depending largely on the interest rate environment.  We expect asset-based revenues to range between $1.86 billion and $2.10 billion for fiscal   2017  , as we expect growth in spread-based and fee-based asset balances to be partially offset by a decrease in net interest margin.  The low end of this estimated range assumes no change in the federal funds rate and a flattening of interest rates across the LIBOR yield curve for fiscal   2017  .  The high end of the estimated range assumes an increase in the federal funds rate and in interest rates across the LIBOR yield curve for fiscal   2017  .  
  Insured deposit account fees increased 10% to $926 million, primarily due to an 11% increase in average client IDA balances.  The average yield earned on the IDA assets was unchanged at 1.09% for fiscal year 2016, as the benefit realized on the December 2015 federal funds rate increase was partially offset by an increase in the IDA servicing fee due to more balances being kept in floating-rate investments and due to a $5 million FDIC surcharge during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  On March 15, 2016, the FDIC announced its final rule to increase the deposit insurance fund to a statutorily required minimum level by imposing a surcharge on quarterly assessments.  We expect the FDIC surcharge to decrease our insured deposit account fees by approximately $5 million per quarter, reducing the average yield earned on the IDA assets by approximately 2.5 basis points.  We expect insured deposit account fees to range between $870 million and $955 million for fiscal   2017  , as we expect growth in the average IDA balances to be offset by a decrease in the expected average yield earned on IDA assets.  We expect the average yield earned on IDA assets will decrease to between 0.95% and 1.00%, primarily due to balance growth and maturities of investments within the IDA portfolio being invested at lower rates and due to the impact of the FDIC surcharge.  For more information about the IDA agreement, please see Note   19       Related Party Transactions   under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Net interest revenue decreased 4% to $595 million, primarily due to a $33 million decrease in net interest revenue from our securities borrowing/lending program and a 3% decrease in average client margin balances, partially offset by increases in the average yields earned on segregated cash, client margin and other cash and interest-earning investment balances as a result of the December 2015 federal funds rate increase.  We expect net interest revenue to range from $585 million to $710 million for fiscal   2017  , depending on the extent of balance growth, demand for stock lending and the nature of the interest rate environment. 
  Investment product fees increased 12% to $374 million, primarily due to an increase of 2 basis points in the average yield earned on total fee-based investment balances, which includes the impact of the December 2015 federal funds rate increase, a 3% increase in average market fee-based investment balances and a $10 million revenue  
  
   39 

     Table of Contents        

deferral during the prior year related to an Amerivest        fee rebate offer.  For client assets subject to the Amerivest        fee rebate offer, if the model portfolio in which the client is invested experiences two consecutive quarters of negative performance (before advisory fees), the Company will refund the advisory fees for both quarters to the client.  Several of the portfolios experienced negative performance for the last two quarters of fiscal 2015, therefore recognition of the revenue for the related advisory fees was deferred.  Approximately $7 million of the deferred advisory fee revenue during fiscal 2015 represented rebate obligations that were paid during early fiscal 2016.  The Amerivest        fee rebate offer concluded on October 5, 2016, therefore the quarter ending September 30, 2017 will be the last period subject to the rebate offer.  We expect investment product fees to increase to between $405 million and $430 million for fiscal   2017  , primarily due to expected growth in average fee-based investment balances. 
  Other revenues increased 18% to $60 million, primarily due to increased fees from processing corporate securities reorganizations during fiscal 2016 and unfavorable fair market value adjustments to U.S. government debt securities held for investment purposes by our broker-dealer subsidiaries during the prior year. 
   
  Operating Expenses 
  Total operating expenses increased   5%   to   $2.01   billion during fiscal   2016  .  We expect total operating expenses to range from $1.98 billion to $2.06 billion for fiscal   2017  . 
  Employee compensation and benefits expense increased   4%   to   $839   million, primarily due to annual merit increases, additional costs of $10 million related to organizational changes and higher health insurance costs.  The average number of full-time equivalent employees increased to 5,858 for fiscal   2016   compared to 5,826 for fiscal   2015  . 
  Clearing and execution costs decreased 8% to $136 million, primarily due to lower option trade execution costs resulting from decreased option trading activity and fee reductions by the Options Clearing Corporation during fiscal 2016, including a $5 million benefit from a retroactive fee decrease during the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 
  Communications expense increased 10% to $137 million, primarily due to increased costs for quotes and market information. 
  Occupancy and equipment costs increased 5% to $171 million, primarily due to increased software maintenance and facilities expenses. 
  Professional services expense increased 12% to $178 million, primarily due to increased consulting and contract services in connection with operational, technology and acquisition-related initiatives. 
  Advertising expense increased   5%   to   $260   million primarily due to increased advertising in connection with our sponsorship of the Summer Olympics. 
  Other operating expenses increased 21% to $110 million, primarily due to $11 million of service contract termination costs, the impact of an $8 million insurance recovery during the prior year, higher losses on the disposal of property of $7 million and a $3 million recovery of money market funds from the final distribution of The Reserve Primary Fund during the prior year.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease in bad debt expense and lower litigation, arbitration and regulatory losses. 
  Other Expense and Income Taxes 
  Interest on borrowings increased 23% to $53 million, primarily due to a 12% increase in average debt outstanding and an increase of 30 basis points in the average effective interest rate incurred on our debt.  The increase in average debt outstanding was primarily due to our issuance, on March 4, 2015, of $750 million of 2.950% Senior Notes due April 1, 2022 for general corporate purposes, including liquidity for operational contingencies. 
  Our effective income tax rate was   33.4%   for fiscal   2016  , compared to   36.9%   for fiscal   2015  .  The effective tax rate for fiscal   2016   was impacted by $39 million of net favorable adjustments to uncertain tax positions and related deferred income tax assets, which included a favorable $33 million tax liability remeasurement related to a state court decision.  The effective income tax rate was also impacted by an $18 million favorable tax benefit claimed during fiscal year 2016 for federal deductions and tax credits related to calendar tax year 2012 through September 30, 2016 and $5 million of net favorable deferred income tax adjustments due to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the cumulative impact of the decline in the state tax rate.  These items had a net favorable  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents        

impact on our earnings of approximately twelve cents per share.  The effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 included $22 million of favorable resolutions of state income tax matters.  This favorably impacted our earnings for fiscal 2015 by approximately four cents per share.  We expect our effective income tax rate to range from 37% to 38% for fiscal   2017  , excluding the effect of any adjustments related to remeasurement or resolution of uncertain tax positions and federal incentives.  However, we expect to experience some volatility in our quarterly and annual effective income tax rate because current accounting rules for uncertain tax positions require that any change in measurement of a tax position taken in a prior tax year be recognized as a discrete event in the period in which the change occurs. 
   
  Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2014 
  Net Revenues 
  Commissions and transaction fees increased 4% to $1.40 billion, primarily due to increased client trading activity, partially offset by lower average commissions and transaction fees per trade.  Average client trades per day increased 8% to 461,541 for fiscal 2015 compared to 426,888 for fiscal 2014.  Average commissions and transaction fees per trade decreased to $12.09 for fiscal 2015 compared to $12.62 for fiscal 2014, primarily due to a 9% decrease in average order routing revenue per trade, a higher percentage of reduced commission trades, including negotiated rates for our active trader clients, and a higher percentage of futures trades, which earn somewhat lower average commissions and transaction fees per trade and do not generate order routing revenue. 
  Asset-based revenues increased 5% to $1.80 billion, primarily due to a 5% increase in average spread-based assets and a 15% increase in average market fee-based investment balances, partially offset by a decrease of 1 basis point in the net interest margin earned on spread-based assets and the deferral of $10 million of revenue during fiscal 2015 related to an Amerivest        fee rebate offer, as described below.  Our net interest margin was 1.50% for fiscal 2015, compared to 1.51% for the prior year, primarily due to lower average yields earned on client margin and insured deposit account balances.  
  Insured deposit account fees increased 2% to $839 million, primarily due to a 4% increase in average client IDA balances, partially offset by a decrease of 2 basis points in the average yield earned on the IDA assets.  IDA balances have grown more slowly than our net new client asset annualized growth rate, which was 10% for fiscal 2015, as client participation in the market has resulted in a relatively low percentage of total client assets being held in cash.  
  Net interest revenue increased 7% to $622 million, primarily due to a 15% increase in average client margin balances and a $5 million increase in net interest revenue from our securities borrowing/lending program, partially offset by a decrease of 21 basis points in the average yield earned on client margin balances.  Most of the growth in average client margin balances has come from clients with larger margin balances and lower negotiated rates.  
  Investment product fees increased 8% to $334 million, primarily due to a 15% increase in average market fee-based investment balances, partially offset by the deferral of $10 million of revenue during fiscal 2015 related to an Amerivest        fee rebate offer.  Approximately $7 million of the deferred advisory fee revenue during fiscal 2015 represented rebate obligations that were paid during early fiscal 2016. 
  Other revenues decreased 18% to $51 million, primarily due to lower client education revenue and unfavorable fair market value adjustments to U.S. government debt securities held for investment purposes by our broker-dealer subsidiaries. 
   
  Operating Expenses 
  Total operating expenses increased 5% to $1.92 billion during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014.  
  Employee compensation and benefits expense increased 6% to $807 million, primarily due to an increase in average headcount related to strategic growth initiatives and higher incentive-based compensation related to Company and individual performance.  The average number of full-time equivalent employees increased to 5,826 for fiscal 2015 compared to 5,578 for fiscal 2014. 
  Clearing and execution costs increased 10% to $148 million, primarily due to a higher percentage of futures trades, which cost more than equity trades to execute, fee increases by the Options Clearing Corporation that became effective April 1, 2014 and higher overall client trading volumes. 
  
   41 

     Table of Contents        

Communications expense increased 8% to $125 million, primarily due to increased costs for quotes and market information. 
  Occupancy and equipment costs increased 4% to $163 million, primarily due to upgrades to our technology infrastructure. 
  Other operating expenses increased 11% to $91 million, primarily due to increased litigation, arbitration and other losses and bad debt expense.  These increases were partially offset by a $3 million recovery of money market funds from the final distribution of The Reserve Primary Fund and approximately $8 million of insurance recoveries related to previous losses during fiscal 2015. 
  Other Expense and Income Taxes 
  Interest on borrowings increased 72% to $43 million, primarily due to a 41% increase in average debt outstanding and an increase of 53 basis points in the average effective interest rate incurred on our debt.  On October 17, 2014, we issued $500 million of 3.625% Senior Notes due April 1, 2025, for purposes of refinancing our $500 million of 4.150% Senior Notes due December 1, 2014.  In addition, on March 4, 2015, we issued $750 million of 2.950% Senior Notes due April 1, 2022 for general corporate purposes, including liquidity for operational contingencies.  The timing of the issuance and maturity dates related to the debt refinancing, along with the issuance of the 2.950% Senior Notes, contributed to the increase in average debt outstanding during fiscal 2015.  
  Our effective income tax rate was 36.9% for fiscal 2015, compared to 38.0% for fiscal 2014.  The effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 included $22 million of favorable resolutions of state income tax matters.  This favorably impacted our earnings for fiscal 2015 by approximately four cents per share.  The effective tax rate for fiscal 2014 included $10 million of favorable resolutions of state income tax matters, partially offset by $2 million of unfavorable deferred income tax adjustments resulting from state income tax law changes.  These items had a net favorable impact on our earnings for fiscal 2014 of approximately one cent per share.  
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  As a holding company, TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation conducts substantially all of its business through its operating subsidiaries, principally its broker-dealer and futures commission merchant ("FCM")/forex dealer member ("FDM") subsidiaries. 
  We have historically financed our liquidity and capital needs primarily through the use of funds generated from subsidiary operations and from borrowings under our credit agreements.  We have also issued common stock and long-term debt to finance mergers and acquisitions and for other corporate purposes.  Our liquidity needs during fiscal   2016   were financed primarily from our subsidiaries' earnings and cash on hand.  We plan to finance our ordinary capital and liquidity needs in fiscal   2017   primarily from our subsidiaries' earnings, cash on hand and borrowings.  During fiscal 2017, we plan to return approximately 40% of our net income excluding amortization of intangible assets to our stockholders through cash dividends.  For more information about our dividends, see "  Cash Dividends  " later in this section. 
  We intend to fund the acquisition of Scottrade with new common equity, cash on hand and debt financing.  The Scottrade acquisition is expected to close by September 30, 2017.  For further information about the Scottrade acquisition, please see Note   22       Subsequent Event   under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Information   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  On March 4, 2015, we sold, through a public offering, $750 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured 2.950% Senior Notes due April 1, 2022.  We issued the 2.950% Senior Notes for general corporate purposes, including liquidity for operational contingencies.  Liquidity for operational contingencies could be used to fund increases in our deposit requirements with clearinghouses, and to provide operating liquidity for client trading and investing activity in the normal course of business and during times of market volatility. 
  Dividends from our subsidiaries are an important source of liquidity for the parent company.  Some of our subsidiaries are subject to requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"), the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC"), the National Futures Association ("NFA") and other regulators relating to liquidity, capital standards and the use of client funds and securities, which may limit funds available for the payment of dividends to the parent company. 
  
   42 

     Table of Contents        

Broker-dealer and Futures Commission Merchant/Forex Dealer Member Subsidiaries 
  Our broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries are subject to regulatory requirements that are intended to ensure their liquidity and general financial soundness.  Under the SEC's Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the "Exchange Act"), our broker-dealer subsidiaries are required to maintain, at all times, at least the minimum level of net capital required under Rule 15c3-1.  For our clearing broker-dealer subsidiary, this minimum net capital level is determined by a calculation described in Rule 15c3-1 that is primarily based on the broker-dealer's "aggregate debits," which primarily are a function of client margin balances at the clearing broker-dealer.  Since our aggregate debits may fluctuate significantly, our minimum net capital requirements may also fluctuate significantly from period to period.  The parent company may make cash capital contributions to our broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries, if necessary, to meet minimum net capital requirements. 
  Each of our broker-dealer subsidiaries may not repay any subordinated borrowings, pay cash dividends or make any unsecured advances or loans to its parent company or employees if such payment would result in a net capital amount of less than (a) 5% of aggregate debit balances or (b) 120% of its minimum dollar requirement.  TD Ameritrade Futures   Forex LLC ("TDAFF"), our FCM and FDM subsidiary, must provide notice to the CFTC if its adjusted net capital amounts to less than (a) 110% of its risk-based capital requirement under CFTC Regulation 1.17, (b) 150% of its $1.0 million minimum dollar requirement, or (c) 110% of $20.0 million plus 5% of all liabilities owed to forex clients in excess of $10.0 million.  These broker-dealer, FCM and FDM net capital thresholds, which are specified in Rule 17a-11 under the Exchange Act and CFTC Regulations 1.12 and 5.6, are typically referred to as "early warning" net capital thresholds.   
  The following tables summarize our broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries net capital and adjusted net capital, respectively, as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in millions):  

Adjusted Net Capital 
      
    Early Warning 
  Threshold 
      
    Adjusted Net Capital in 
  Excess of 
  Early Warning 
  Threshold 
      TD Ameritrade Futures   Forex LLC 
      
    $ 
    117 

$ 
    24 

$ 
    93 

Our clearing broker-dealer subsidiary, TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. ("TDAC"), engages in activities such as settling client securities transactions with clearinghouses, extending credit to clients through margin lending, securities lending and borrowing transactions and processing client cash sweep transactions to and from insured deposit accounts and money market mutual funds.  These types of broker-dealer activities require active daily liquidity management. 
  Most of TDAC's assets are readily convertible to cash, consisting primarily of cash and investments segregated for the exclusive benefit of clients, receivables from clients and receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations.  Cash and investments segregated for the exclusive benefit of clients may be held in cash, reverse repurchase agreements (collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities), U.S. Treasury securities and other qualified securities.  Receivables from clients consist of margin loans, which are demand loan obligations secured by readily marketable securities.  Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations primarily arise from current open transactions, which usually settle or can be settled within a few business days. 
  TDAC is subject to cash deposit and collateral requirements with clearinghouses such as the Depository Trust   Clearing Corporation ("DTCC") and the OCC, which may fluctuate significantly from time to time based on the nature and size of our clients' trading activity.  TDAC had $335 million and $540 million of cash and investments deposited with clearing organizations for the clearing of client equity and option trades as of  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents        

September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The largest amount of TDAC cash and investments ever deposited with clearing organizations was approximately $714 million, which occurred in October 2015. 
  TDAC's liquidity needs relating to client trading and margin borrowing are met primarily through cash balances in client brokerage accounts and lending of client margin securities.  Cash balances in client brokerage accounts were $18.7 billion and $15.7 billion as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Cash balances in client brokerage accounts not used for client trading and margin borrowing activity are not generally available for other liquidity purposes and must be segregated for the exclusive benefit of clients under Rule 15c3-3 of the Exchange Act.  TDAC had $8.4 billion and $6.0 billion of cash and investments segregated in special reserve bank accounts for the exclusive benefit of clients under Rule 15c3-3 as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  For general liquidity needs, TDAC also maintains a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $300 million.  This facility is described under   Loan Facilities       TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. Credit Agreement   later in this section. There were no borrowings outstanding on this facility as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  In addition, we have established intercompany credit agreements under which the broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries may borrow from the parent company.  The intercompany credit agreement with TDAC provides for a committed revolving loan facility of $700 million and an uncommitted revolving loan facility of $300 million.  The intercompany credit agreements are described under   Loan Facilities       Intercompany Credit Agreements   later in this section.  There were no borrowings outstanding under any of the intercompany credit agreements as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Liquid Assets Available for Corporate Investing and Financing Activities 
  We consider "liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities" to be an important measure of our liquidity.  Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities is considered a non-GAAP financial measure.  We include the excess capital of our broker-dealer subsidiaries in the calculation of liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities, rather than simply including broker-dealer cash and cash equivalents, because capital requirements may limit the amount of cash available for dividend from the broker-dealer subsidiaries to the parent company.  Excess capital, as defined below, is generally available for dividend from the broker-dealer subsidiaries to the parent company.  Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities should be considered as a supplemental measure of liquidity, rather than as a substitute for cash and cash equivalents. 
  We define liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities as the sum of (a) corporate cash and cash equivalents and investments, excluding amounts being maintained to provide liquidity for operational contingencies, including lending to our broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries under intercompany credit agreements and (b) regulatory net capital of (i) our clearing broker-dealer subsidiary in excess of 10% of aggregate debit items and (ii) our introducing broker-dealer subsidiary in excess of a minimum operational target established by management ($50 million in the case of our introducing broker-dealer, TD Ameritrade, Inc.).  Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities is based on more conservative measures of broker-dealer net capital than regulatory requirements because we generally manage to higher levels of net capital at the broker-dealer subsidiaries than the regulatory thresholds require.  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents        

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities (dollars in millions): 

The changes in liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities are summarized as follows (dollars in millions): 
                             Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities as of September 30, 2015 
      
    $ 
    530 
      
      Plus: 
      
    EBITDA   (1)  
      
    1,496 

Reduction in net capital requirement due to decrease in aggregate debits  
      
    109 

Other changes in working capital and regulatory net capital 
      
    140 
      
      Less: 
      
    Income taxes paid 
      
    (519 
    ) 

Payment of cash dividends  
      
    (362 
    ) 

Purchase of treasury stock 
      
    (352 
    ) 

Purchase of property and equipment 
      
    (105 
    ) 

Interest paid 
      
    (54 
    ) 

Purchase of treasury stock for income tax withholding on stock-based compensation 
      
    (30 
    ) 

Increase in corporate liquidity maintained for operational contingencies  
      
    (23 
    ) 

Changes in net capital related to daily futures client cash sweep 
      
    (17 
    ) 
      Liquid assets available for corporate investing and financing activities as of September 30, 2016 
      
    $ 
    813 

(1) 
    See "  Financial Performance Metrics  " earlier in this section for a description of EBITDA. 
     
   45 

     Table of Contents        

Loan Facilities 
  The following is a summary of our long-term debt and credit facilities.  For additional details, please see Note   8       Long-term Debt   under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Information   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Senior Notes   - Our unsecured, fixed-rate Senior Notes were each sold through a public offering and pay interest semi-annually in arrears.  Key information about the Senior Notes outstanding is summarized in the following table (dollars in millions): 

Fair Value Hedging -   We are exposed to changes in the fair value of our fixed-rate Senior Notes resulting from interest rate fluctuations.  To hedge a portion of this exposure, we entered into fixed-for-variable interest rate swaps on the 2019 Notes and the 2025 Notes.  Each fixed-for-variable interest rate swap has a notional amount of $500 million and a maturity date matching the maturity date of the respective Senior Notes.  
  The interest rate swaps effectively change the fixed-rate interest on the 2019 Notes and 2025 Notes to variable-rate interest.  Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreements, we receive semi-annual fixed-rate interest payments based on the same rates applicable to the Senior Notes, and make quarterly variable-rate interest payments based on three-month LIBOR plus (a) 2.3745% for the swap on the 2019 Notes and (b) 1.1022% for the swap on the 2025 Notes.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average effective interest rate on the aggregate principal balance of the 2019 Notes and 2025 Notes was   2.48% 
  TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Credit Agreement -   TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (the "Parent") has access to a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of $300 million (the "Parent Revolving Facility").  The maturity date of the Parent Revolving Facility is June 11, 2019.  There were no borrowings outstanding under the Parent Revolving Facility as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. Credit Agreement     -   TDAC has access to a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of $300 million (the "TDAC Revolving Facility").  The maturity date of the TDAC Revolving Facility is June 11, 2019. There were no borrowings outstanding under the TDAC Revolving Facility as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Intercompany Credit Agreements     -   The Parent has entered into credit agreements with each of its primary broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries, under which the Parent may make loans of cash or securities under committed and uncommitted lines of credit as summarized in the table below (dollars in millions): 

(1)  
    The Parent is permitted, but under no obligation, to make loans under uncommitted facilities. 
     There were no borrowings outstanding under any of the intercompany credit agreements as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   46 

     Table of Contents        

Stock Repurchase Programs 
  On October 20, 2011, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 30 million shares of our common stock.  During the first half of fiscal   2016  , we completed the October 20, 2011 stock repurchase authorization by repurchasing the remaining 7.9 million shares at a weighted average purchase price of $29.42 per share.  From the inception of this stock repurchase authorization through its completion in March 2016, we repurchased a total of 30 million shares at a weighted average purchase price of $29.19 per share. 
  On November 20, 2015, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 30 million shares of our common stock.  During fiscal   2016  , we repurchased approximately 4 million shares under this authorization at a weighted average purchase price of $29.37 per share.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately 26 million shares remaining under the November 20, 2015 stock repurchase authorization.  We plan to suspend further repurchases under our current stock repurchase authorization until after the completion of the Scottrade acquisition.  
  Cash Dividends 
  We declared $0.17 per share, $0.15 per share and $0.12 per share quarterly cash dividends on our common stock during each quarter of fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  We also declared and paid a $0.50 per share special cash dividend on our common stock during the first quarter of fiscal 2014.  We paid $362 million, $326 million and $540 million to fund the dividends for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  On October 24,   2016  , we declared an $0.18 per share quarterly cash dividend on our common stock for the first quarter of fiscal   2017  .  We expect to pay approximately $95 million on November 22,   2016   to fund the quarterly cash dividend. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We enter into guarantees and other off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, primarily to meet the needs of our clients and to manage our asset-based revenues.  For information on these arrangements, see the following sections under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: "  General Contingencies  " and "  Guarantees  " under Note   13       Commitments and Contingencies   and "  Insured Deposit Account Agreement  " under Note   19       Related Party Transactions  .  The IDA agreement accounts for a significant percentage of our net revenues (  28%   of our net revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  ) and enables our clients to invest in an FDIC-insured deposit product without the need for the Company to establish the significant levels of capital that would be required to maintain our own bank charter. 
   
  Contractual Obligations 
  The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of September 30,   2016   (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    Represents scheduled principal payments, estimated interest payments and commitment fees pursuant to the Senior Notes, the interest rate swaps and the revolving credit facilities.  Actual amounts of interest may vary depending on changes in variable interest rates associated with the interest rate swaps. 
     
   47 

     Table of Contents        

(2) 
    Purchase obligations primarily relate to agreements for goods and services such as building construction costs, property and equipment, software, telecommunications, market information, advertising and marketing, professional services, and employee compensation and benefits. 
              (3) 
    A significant portion of our income taxes payable as of September 30,   2016   consists of liabilities for uncertain tax positions and related interest and penalties.  The timing of payments, if any, on liabilities for uncertain tax positions cannot be predicted with reasonable accuracy. 
      
  Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Market risk generally represents the risk of loss that may result from the potential change in the value of a financial instrument as a result of fluctuations in interest rates and market prices.  We have established policies, procedures and internal processes governing our management of market risks in the normal course of our business operations. 
  Market-related Credit Risk 
  Two primary sources of credit risk inherent in our business are (1) client credit risk related to margin lending and leverage and (2) counterparty credit risk related to securities lending and borrowing.  We manage risk on client margin lending and leverage by requiring clients to maintain margin collateral in compliance with regulatory and internal guidelines.  The risks associated with margin lending and leverage increase during periods of rapid market movements, or in cases where leverage or collateral is concentrated and market movements occur.  We monitor required margin levels daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, require our clients to deposit additional collateral, or to reduce positions, when necessary.  We continuously monitor client accounts to detect excessive concentration, large orders or positions, patterns of day trading and other activities that indicate increased risk to us.  We manage risks associated with our securities lending and borrowing activities by requiring credit approvals for counterparties, by monitoring the market value of securities loaned and collateral values for securities borrowed on a daily basis and requiring additional cash as collateral for securities loaned or return of collateral for securities borrowed when necessary, and by participating in a risk-sharing program offered through the Options Clearing Corporation. 
  We are party to interest rate swaps related to our long-term debt, which are subject to counterparty credit risk.  Credit risk on derivative financial instruments is managed by limiting activity to approved counterparties that meet a minimum credit rating threshold and by entering into credit support agreements, or by utilizing approved central clearing counterparties registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  Our interest rate swaps require daily collateral coverage, in the form of cash or U.S. Treasury securities, for the aggregate fair value of the interest rate swaps. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  As a fundamental part of our brokerage business, we invest in interest-earning assets and are obligated on interest-bearing liabilities.  In addition, we earn fees on our insured deposit account ("IDA") arrangement with TD Bank USA, N.A. and TD Bank, N.A. and on money market mutual funds, which are subject to interest rate risk.  Changes in interest rates could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities.  A rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning a larger net interest spread.  Conversely, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning a smaller net interest spread. 
  Our most prevalent form of interest rate risk is referred to as "gap" risk.  This risk occurs when the interest rates we earn on our assets change at a different frequency or amount than the interest rates we pay on our liabilities.  For example, in the current low interest rate environment, sharp increases in short-term interest rates could result in net interest spread compression if the yields paid on interest-bearing client balances were to increase faster than our earnings on interest-earning assets.  We seek to mitigate interest rate risk by aligning the average duration of our interest-earning assets with that of our interest-bearing liabilities.  As of September 30,   2016  , our consolidated duration was 1.85 years.  We have an Asset/Liability Committee as the governance body with the responsibility of managing interest rate risk, including gap risk. 
  We use net interest simulation modeling techniques to evaluate the effect that changes in interest rates might have on pre-tax income.  Our model includes all interest-sensitive assets and liabilities of the Company and interest-sensitive assets and liabilities associated with the IDA arrangement.  The simulations involve assumptions that are  
  
   48 

     Table of Contents        

inherently uncertain and, as a result, cannot precisely predict the impact that changes in interest rates will have on pre-tax income.  Actual results may differ from simulated results due to differences in timing and frequency of rate changes, changes in market conditions and changes in management strategy that lead to changes in the mix of interest-sensitive assets and liabilities. 
  The simulations assume that the asset and liability structure of our Consolidated Balance Sheet and the IDA arrangement would not be changed as a result of a simulated change in interest rates.  The results of the simulations based on our financial position as of September 30,   2016   indicate that a gradual 1% (100 basis points) increase in interest rates over a 12-month period would result in a range of approximately $100 million to $200 million higher pre-tax income and a gradual 1% (100 basis points) decrease in interest rates over a 12-month period would result in a range of approximately $50 million to $70 million lower pre-tax income, depending largely on the extent and timing of possible increases in payment rates on client cash balances and interest rates charged on client margin balances.  The results of the simulations reflect the fact that short-term interest rates remain at historically low levels despite the increase in the federal funds target range to 0.25% to 0.50% as directed by the Federal Open Market Committee in December 2015. 
  Other Market Risks 
  Substantially all of our revenues and financial instruments are denominated in U.S. dollars.  We generally do not enter into derivative transactions, except for hedging purposes. 
  
   49 

Table of Contents        

Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
  The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
  TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (the "Company") as of September 30,   2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30,   2016  .  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation at September 30,   2016   and   2015  , and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30,   2016  , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,   2016  , based on criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated   November 18, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
  /s/ ERNST   YOUNG LLP 
  Chicago, Illinois 
  November 18, 2016 

50 

Table of Contents        

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  As of September 30,   2016   and   2015   

  See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   51 

Table of Contents        

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  For the Years Ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   52 

Table of Contents        

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  For the Years Ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

53 

Table of Contents        

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
  For the Years Ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   54 

Table of Contents        

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  For the Years Ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   55 

Table of Contents        

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  For the Years Ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014 

1. 
    Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
     Basis of Presentation     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (the "Parent"), a Delaware corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company").  Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
  Nature of Operations     The Company provides securities brokerage services, including trade execution, clearing services and margin lending, through its broker-dealer subsidiaries; futures and foreign exchange trade execution services through its futures commission merchant ("FCM") and forex dealer member ("FDM") subsidiary; and trustee, custodial and other trust-related services to retirement plans and other custodial accounts through its state-chartered trust company subsidiary.  The Company also provides cash sweep and deposit account products through third-party relationships. 
  The Company's broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") and the various exchanges in which they maintain membership.  The Company's FCM/FDM subsidiary is subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and the National Futures Association ("NFA").  Dividends from the Company's broker-dealer, FCM/FDM and trust company subsidiaries are a source of liquidity for the Parent.  Requirements of the SEC, FINRA and CFTC relating to liquidity, net capital standards and the use of client funds and securities may limit funds available for the payment of dividends from the broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries to the holding company.  State regulatory requirements may limit funds available for the payment of dividends from the trust company subsidiary to the holding company. 
  Use of Estimates     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Change in Accounting Policy     In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company elected to prospectively change the date of its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived acquired intangible asset impairment tests from September 30 to July 1 of each year, commencing on July 1, 2016.  The change in the impairment testing date is preferable as it provides the Company with additional time to complete its annual impairment testing in advance of its year-end reporting.  The change in the testing date did not impact the Company's financial statements.   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents     The Company considers temporary, highly-liquid investments with an original maturity of   three   months or less to be cash equivalents, except for amounts required to be segregated for regulatory purposes. 
  Cash and Investments Segregated and on Deposit for Regulatory Purposes     Cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes consists primarily of qualified deposits in special reserve bank accounts for the exclusive benefit of clients under Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and other regulations.  Funds can be held in cash, reverse repurchase agreements, U.S. Treasury securities and other qualified securities.  Reverse repurchase agreements (securities purchased under agreements to resell) are treated as collateralized financing transactions and are carried at amounts at which the securities will subsequently be resold, plus accrued interest.  The Company's reverse repurchase agreements are collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities and generally have a maturity of   seven   days.  Cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes also includes amounts that have been segregated or secured for the benefit of futures clients according to the regulations of the CFTC governing futures commission merchants. 
  Securities Borrowed and Securities Loaned     Securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions are recorded at the amount of cash collateral provided or received.  Securities borrowed transactions require the Company to provide the counterparty with collateral in the form of cash.  The Company receives collateral in the form of cash  
  
   56 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

for securities loaned transactions.  For these transactions, the fees earned or incurred by the Company are recorded as net interest revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  The related interest receivable from and the brokerage interest payable to broker-dealers are included in other receivables and in accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Receivable from/Payable to Clients     Receivable from clients primarily consists of margin loans to securities brokerage clients, which are collateralized by client securities, and is carried at the amount receivable, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts that is primarily based on the amount of unsecured margin balances.  Payable to clients primarily consists of client cash held in brokerage accounts and is carried at the amount of client cash on deposit.  The Company earns interest revenue and pays interest expense on its receivable from client and payable to client balances, respectively.  The interest revenue and expense are included in net interest revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Securities Owned     Securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries are recorded on a trade-date basis and carried at fair value, and the related changes in fair value are generally included in other revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Investments available-for-sale     Investments available-for-sale are carried at fair value and unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred income taxes, are reflected as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Realized gains and losses on investments available-for-sale are determined on the specific identification method and are reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Income.   As of September 30, 2016, investments available-for-sale consists of U.S. government debt securities with contractual maturities between   one   and   five   years.  There were no material unrealized gains or losses on investments available-for-sale as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
  Property and Equipment     Property and equipment is recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization, except for land, which is recorded at cost.  Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful service lives of the assets, which range from   seven   to   40   years for buildings and building components and   three   to   seven   years for all other depreciable property and equipment.  Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the economic useful life of the improvement or the term of the lease. 
  Software Development     From the date technological feasibility has been established until beta testing is complete, software development costs are capitalized and included in property and equipment.  Once the product is fully functional, such costs are amortized in accordance with the Company's normal accounting policies.  Software development costs that do not meet capitalization criteria are expensed as incurred. 
  Goodwill     The Company has recorded goodwill for purchase business combinations to the extent the purchase price of each completed acquisition exceeded the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired company.  The Company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and more frequently as events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.  In performing the impairment tests, the Company utilizes quoted market prices of the Company's common stock to estimate the fair value of the Company as a whole.  The estimated fair value is then allocated to the Company's reporting units based on operating revenues, and is compared with the carrying value of the reporting units.    No   impairment charges have resulted from the annual impairment tests. 
  Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets     Acquired intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from   10   to   23   years.  The acquired intangible asset associated with a trademark license agreement is not subject to amortization because the term of the agreement is considered to be indefinite. 
  Long-Lived Assets and Acquired Intangible Assets     The Company reviews its long-lived assets and finite-lived acquired intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.  If based on that review, changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, the Company evaluates recoverability by comparing the undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset to the asset's carrying amount.  The Company also evaluates  
  
   57 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

the remaining useful lives of intangible assets to determine if events or trends warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. 
  The Company tests its indefinite-lived acquired intangible asset for impairment on an annual basis and more frequently as events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.  To determine if the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, the Company first assesses certain qualitative factors.  Based on this assessment, if it is determined that more likely than not the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a quantitative impairment test.    No   impairment charges have resulted from the annual impairment tests. 
  Income Taxes     The Company files a consolidated U.S. income tax return with its subsidiaries on a calendar year basis, combined returns for state tax purposes where required and certain of its subsidiaries file separate state income tax returns where required.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods in which the deferred tax asset or liability is expected to be settled or realized.  Uncertain tax positions are recognized if they are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position.  The amount of tax benefit recognized is the largest amount of benefit that is greater than   50%   likely of being realized upon settlement.  The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to income tax matters as part of the provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Capital Stock     The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of a single class of common stock and one or more series of preferred stock as may be authorized for issuance by the Company's board of directors.  Voting, dividend, conversion and liquidation rights of the preferred stock would be established by the board of directors upon issuance of such preferred stock. 
  Stock-Based Compensation     The Company measures and recognizes compensation expense based on estimated grant date fair values for all stock-based payment arrangements.  Stock-based compensation expense is based on awards expected to vest and therefore is reduced for estimated forfeitures.  Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant based on the Company's historical forfeiture experience and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
  Transaction-based Revenues     Client trades are recorded on a settlement-date basis with such trades generally settling within one to   three   business days after the trade date.  Revenues and expenses related to client trades, including order routing revenue (also referred to as payment for order flow) and revenues from markups on riskless principal trades in fixed-income securities, are recorded on a trade-date basis.  Revenues related to client trades are recorded net of promotional allowances.  Securities owned by clients, including those that collateralize margin or similar transactions, are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
  Net Interest Revenue     Net interest revenue primarily consists of income generated by client cash and interest charged to clients on margin balances, net of interest paid to clients on their credit balances.  It also includes net interest revenue from securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions. 
  Insured Deposit Account Fees     Insured deposit account fees consist of revenues resulting from the Insured Deposit Account ("IDA") agreement with TD Bank USA, N.A. ("TD Bank USA"), TD Bank, N.A. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank ("TD").  Under the IDA agreement, TD Bank USA and TD Bank, N.A. (together, the "TD Depository Institutions") make available to clients of the Company FDIC-insured money market deposit accounts as either designated sweep vehicles or as non-sweep deposit accounts.  The Company provides marketing, recordkeeping and support services for the TD Depository Institutions with respect to the money market deposit accounts.  In exchange for providing these services, the TD Depository Institutions pay the Company an aggregate marketing fee based on the weighted average yield earned on the client IDA assets, less the actual interest paid to clients, a servicing fee to the TD Depository Institutions and the cost of FDIC insurance premiums.  The IDA agreement is described further in Note   19  . 
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Investment Product Fees     Investment product fee revenue consists of revenues earned on client assets invested in money market mutual funds, other mutual funds and certain Company-sponsored investment programs. 
  During fiscal 2015, the Company introduced a fee rebate offer related to its Amerivest        investment program.  For client assets subject to the rebate offer, if the model portfolio in which the client is invested experiences two consecutive quarters of negative performance (before advisory fees), the Company will refund the advisory fees for both quarters to the client.  Advisory fee revenue subject to the rebate offer is recognized once the Company is no longer obligated to refund the fees to the client based on the rebate criteria.  During fiscal 2016, the Company paid   $8 million   of rebate obligations to clients and deferred advisory fee revenue of   $2 million   was recognized in earnings.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had   no   rebate obligations or deferred advisory fee revenue associated with the offer.  The Amerivest        fee rebate offer concluded on October 5, 2016, therefore the quarter ending September 30, 2017 will be the last period subject to the rebate offer.  As of September 30, 2015, the Company had rebate obligations of   $7 million   and deferred advisory fee revenue of   $3 million  , which are included in payable to clients and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Advertising     The Company expenses advertising costs the first time the advertising takes place.  Client cash offers are also characterized as advertising expense, rather than as a reduction of revenue, because there is generally little or no cumulative revenue associated with an individual client earning a cash offer at the time the consideration is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
  Derivatives and Hedging Activities     The Company occasionally utilizes derivative instruments to manage risks, which may include market price, interest rate and foreign currency risks.  The Company does not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes.  Derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value.  Derivative instruments properly designated to hedge exposure to changes in the fair value of assets or liabilities are accounted for as fair value hedges.  Derivative instruments properly designated to hedge exposure to the variability of expected future cash flows or other forecasted transactions are accounted for as cash flow hedges.  The Company formally documents the risk management objective and strategy for each hedge transaction.  Derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with unrealized gains and losses recorded currently on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  Cash flows from derivative instruments accounted for as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges are classified in the same category on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as the cash flows from the items being hedged.  For additional information on the Company's fair value and cash flow hedging instruments, see Note   8  .  
  Earnings Per Share     Basic earnings per share ("EPS") is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period.  Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock, except when such assumed exercise or conversion would have an antidilutive effect on EPS.  The difference between the numerator and denominator used in the Company's computation of basic and diluted earnings per share consists of common stock equivalent shares related to stock-based compensation.  The Company excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share   0.4 million   shares underlying the stock-based compensation awards for fiscal year   2016   because their inclusion would have been antidilutive.  There were   no   material antidilutive awards for fiscal years   2015   and   2014  . 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    
  ASU 2016-13     In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  .  The main objective of ASU 2016-13 is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by an entity at each reporting date.  To achieve this objective, the amendments in this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to develop credit loss estimates.  ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption  
  
   59 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

permitted.  Therefore, ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning on October 1, 2020, using a modified retrospective approach.  The Company is currently assessing the impact this ASU will have on the Company's financial statements.   
  ASU 2016-09     In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .  The guidance in ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including: (1) all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement; (2) tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the period in which they occur; (3) excess tax benefits should be recognized regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period; (4) excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity; (5) an entity can make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur; (6) the threshold to qualify for equity classification will permit withholding up to the maximum statutory rates in the applicable jurisdictions; and (7) cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows.  The transition requirements are dependent upon each amendment within this update and will be applied either prospectively, retrospectively or using a modified retrospective transition method.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted.  Therefore, ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning October 1, 2017.  The impact of ASU 2016-09 could be material to the Company's results of operations in future periods depending upon, among other things, the level of earnings and market price of the Company's common stock.  
  ASU 2016-02     In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  .  This ASU will supersede the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 840,   Leases  .  Under ASU 2016-02, for lease arrangements exceeding a 12-month term, a lessee will be required to recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.  ASU 2016-02 will retain a distinction between finance and operating leases; however, the principal difference from the previous guidance is that lease assets and liabilities arising from operating leases will be recognized in the statement of financial position.  The recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee will not significantly change from current GAAP.  The accounting applied by a lessor will be largely unchanged from that applied under current GAAP.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and will require an entity to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach.  Therefore, ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning October 1, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently assessing the impact this ASU will have on the Company's financial statements.  
  ASU 2014-09     In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , to clarify the principles of recognizing revenue from contracts with customers and to improve financial reporting by creating common revenue recognition guidance for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards.  This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605,   Revenue Recognition,   and most industry-specific guidance.  Entities are required to apply the following steps when recognizing revenue under ASU 2014-09: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and, (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.  This ASU also requires additional disclosures related to the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts.  An entity may apply the amendments by using one of the following two methods: (1) retrospective application to each prior reporting period presented or (2) a modified retrospective approach, requiring the standard be applied only to the most current period presented, with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application.  ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  Therefore, ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning October 1, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. 
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Subsequent to issuing ASU 2014-09, the FASB issued the following standards for the purpose of clarifying certain aspects of ASU 2014-09:   
     ASU 2016-08,   Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net); 
     ASU 2016-10,   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing;   and  
     ASU 2016-12,   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. 
  These subsequently issued ASU's have the same effective date and transition requirements as ASU 2014-09.  The Company is currently assessing the impact that these revenue recognition standards will have on the Company's financial statements and is evaluating which adoption method to apply. 
   
           2. 
    Cash and Cash Equivalents 
     The Company's cash and cash equivalents is summarized in the following table (dollars in millions): 

Capital requirements may limit the amount of cash available for dividend from the broker-dealer, FCM/FDM and trust company subsidiaries to the parent company.  Most of the trust company cash and cash equivalents arises from client transactions in the process of settlement, and therefore is generally not available for corporate purposes.  Cash and cash equivalents of the investment advisory subsidiaries is generally not available for corporate purposes. 
   
           3  . 
    Cash and Investments Segregated and on Deposit for Regulatory Purposes 
     Cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes consists of the following (dollars in millions): 

61 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

4. 
    Receivable from and Payable to Brokers, Dealers and Clearing Organizations 
     Amounts receivable from and payable to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations consist of the following (dollars in millions): 

5. 
    Allowance for Doubtful Accounts on Receivables 
     The following table summarizes activity in the Company's allowance for doubtful accounts on client and other receivables for the fiscal years indicated (dollars in millions): 

62 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

6. 
    Property and Equipment 
     Property and equipment consists of the following (dollars in millions): 

7. 
    Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets 
     The Company has recorded goodwill for purchase business combinations to the extent the purchase price of each completed acquisition exceeded the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets of each acquired company.  There were no material changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the fiscal years ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  . 
  Acquired intangible assets consist of the following (dollars in millions): 

63 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets was   $86 million   for fiscal year   2016   and   $90 million   for each of fiscal years   2015   and   2014  .  Estimated future amortization expense for acquired intangible assets outstanding as of September 30,   2016   is as follows (dollars in millions): 

8  . 
    Long-term Debt 
     Long-term debt consists of the following (dollars in millions): 

(1) Fair value adjustments relate to changes in the fair value of the debt while in a fair value hedging relationship.  See "  Fair Value Hedging  " below. 
  
   64 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Fiscal year maturities on long-term debt outstanding at September 30,   2016   are as follows (dollars in millions): 

Senior Notes     The Company's unsecured, fixed-rate Senior Notes were each sold through a public offering and pay interest semi-annually in arrears.  Key information about the Senior Notes is summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):  

During fiscal 2015, the Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes, together with cash on hand, to repay in full the outstanding principal under its $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.150% Senior Notes that matured on December 1, 2014 (the "2014 Notes").  In addition, the Company issued the 2022 Notes for general corporate purposes, including liquidity for operational contingencies. 
  The 2019 Notes are jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by each of the Company's current and future subsidiaries that is or becomes a borrower or a guarantor under the TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Credit Agreement described below.  Currently, the only subsidiary guarantor of the obligations under the 2019 Notes is TD Ameritrade Online Holdings Corp. ("TDAOH").  The Company's obligations in respect to the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes are not guaranteed by any of its subsidiaries.   
  The Company may redeem the 2019 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a)   100%   of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, and (b) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the notes being redeemed, discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis at the comparable U.S. Treasury rate, plus 35 basis points, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. 
  The Company may redeem the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to   February 1, 2022   and   January 1, 2025  , respectively, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a)   100%   of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, and (b) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the notes being redeemed, discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis at the comparable U.S. Treasury rate, plus 15 basis points in the case of the 2022 Notes and 25 basis points in the case of the 2025 Notes, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption.  The Company may redeem the 2022 Notes and 2025 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after   February 1, 2022   and   January 1, 2025  , respectively, at a redemption price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. 
  Secured Loan     On September 15, 2014, the Company entered into a bank loan agreement in the aggregate principal amount of   $69 million  , the proceeds of which were used to purchase real estate for use in the Company's operations.  During fiscal 2015, the Company paid in full the outstanding principal balance of the loan.  
  
   65 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Fair Value Hedging       The Company is exposed to changes in the fair value of its fixed-rate Senior Notes resulting from interest rate fluctuations.  To hedge a portion of this exposure, the Company has entered into fixed-for-variable interest rate swaps on the 2019 Notes and the 2025 Notes.  Each fixed-for-variable interest rate swap has a notional amount of   $500 million   and a maturity date matching the maturity date of the respective Senior Notes.  
  The interest rate swaps effectively change the fixed-rate interest on the 2019 Notes and 2025 Notes to variable-rate interest.  Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreements, the Company receives semi-annual fixed-rate interest payments based on the same rates applicable to the Senior Notes, and makes quarterly variable-rate interest payments based on   three-month LIBOR   plus (a)   2.3745%   for the swap on the 2019 Notes and (b)   1.1022%   for the swap on the 2025 Notes.  As of September 30,   2016  , the weighted average effective interest rate on the aggregate principal balance of the 2019 Notes and 2025 Notes was   2.48%  . 
  The interest rate swaps are accounted for as fair value hedges and qualify for the shortcut method of accounting.  Changes in the payment of interest resulting from the interest rate swaps are recorded in interest on borrowings on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  Changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps are completely offset by changes in fair value of the related notes, resulting in no effect on net income.  The following table summarizes gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges and the hedged fixed-rate debt for the fiscal years indicated (dollars in millions): 

Cash Flow Hedging       On   January 17, 2014  , the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap contracts with an aggregate notional amount of   $500 million  , to hedge against changes in the benchmark interest rate component of future interest payments resulting from the anticipated refinancing of the 2014 Notes.  The Company designated the contracts as a cash flow hedge of the future interest payments.   
  Under cash flow hedge accounting, until settlement the swap contracts are carried at fair value and, to the extent they are an effective hedge, any unrealized gains or losses are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). Any ineffective portion of the unrealized gains or losses is immediately recorded into earnings.  Upon settlement, any realized gain or loss that has been recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) is amortized into earnings over the term of the newly-issued fixed-rate debt. 
  On October 17, 2014, the Company sold   $500 million   of 2025 Notes as described under "Senior Notes" above, and paid approximately   $45 million   to settle the forward-starting interest rate swap contracts.  As of October 17, 2014, the Company recorded   $0.5 million   of pre-tax loss immediately into earnings to reflect ineffectiveness resulting from the issuance of the 2025 Notes slightly earlier than forecast.  As of September 30,   2016  , the Company expects to amortize   $4.4 million   of pre-tax losses, that were reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss, into interest on borrowings on the Consolidated Statements of Income within the next   12 months  .  
  The following table summarizes pre-tax losses resulting from changes in the fair value of the forward-starting interest rate swaps for the fiscal years indicated (dollars in millions): 

66 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Balance Sheet Impact of Hedging Instruments     The following table summarizes the fair value of outstanding derivatives designated as hedging instruments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars in millions): 

The interest rate swaps are subject to counterparty credit risk.  Credit risk is managed by limiting activity to approved counterparties that meet a minimum credit rating threshold, by entering into credit support agreements, or by utilizing approved central clearing counterparties registered with the CFTC.  The interest rate swaps require daily collateral coverage, in the form of cash or U.S. Treasury securities, for the aggregate fair value of the interest rate swaps (including accrued interest).  As of September 30,   2016   and   2015  , the pay-variable interest rate swap counterparties had pledged   $93 million   and   $77 million   of collateral, respectively, to the Company in the form of cash.  A liability for collateral pledged to the Company in the form of cash is recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Credit Agreement     On   June 11, 2014  , the Parent entered into a credit agreement consisting of a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of   $300 million   (the "Parent Revolving Facility").  The maturity date of the Parent Revolving Facility is   June 11, 2019  .   
  The applicable interest rate under the Parent Revolving Facility is calculated as a per annum rate equal to, at the option of the Parent, (a) LIBOR plus an interest rate margin ("Parent LIBOR loans") or (b) (i) the highest of (x) the prime rate, (y) the federal funds effective rate plus   0.50%   or (z)   one-month LIBOR   plus   1.00%  , plus (ii) an interest rate margin ("Base Rate loans").  The interest rate margin ranges from   0.875%   to   1.75%   for Parent LIBOR loans and from   0%   to   0.75%   for Base Rate loans, determined by reference to the Company's public debt ratings.  The Parent is obligated to pay a commitment fee ranging from   0.10%   to   0.25%   on any unused amount of the Parent Revolving Facility, determined by reference to the Company's public debt ratings.   
  As of September 30,   2016  , the interest rate margin would have been   1.25%   for Parent LIBOR loans and   0.25%   for Base Rate loans, and the commitment fee was   0.15%  , each determined by reference to the Company's public debt ratings.  There were   no   borrowings outstanding under the Parent Revolving Facility as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
  The obligations under the Parent Revolving Facility are guaranteed by TDAOH and each "significant subsidiary" (as defined in SEC Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) of the Parent, other than broker-dealer subsidiaries, FCM/FDM subsidiaries and controlled foreign corporations.  Currently, the only subsidiary guarantor of the obligations under the Parent Revolving Facility is TDAOH. 
  The Parent Revolving Facility contains negative covenants that limit or restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the incurrence of liens, indebtedness of subsidiaries, mergers, consolidations, transactions with affiliates, change in nature of business and the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. The Parent is also required to maintain compliance with a maximum consolidated leverage ratio covenant and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio covenant, and the Company's broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries are required to maintain compliance with a minimum regulatory net capital covenant.  The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Parent Revolving Facility as of September 30,   2016  . 
  TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. Credit Agreement         On   June 11, 2014  , TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. ("TDAC"), the Company's clearing broker-dealer subsidiary, entered into a credit agreement consisting of a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of   $300 million   (the "TDAC Revolving Facility").  The maturity date of the TDAC Revolving Facility is   June 11, 2019  .  
  
   67 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The applicable interest rate under the TDAC Revolving Facility is calculated as a per annum rate equal to, at the option of TDAC, (a) LIBOR plus an interest rate margin ("TDAC LIBOR loans") or (b) the federal funds effective rate plus an interest rate margin ("Fed Funds Rate loans").  The interest rate margin ranges from   0.75%   to   1.50%   for both TDAC LIBOR loans and Fed Funds Rate loans, determined by reference to the Company's public debt ratings.  TDAC is obligated to pay a commitment fee ranging from   0.08%   to   0.20%   on any unused amount of the TDAC Revolving Facility, determined by reference to the Company's public debt ratings.  As of September 30,   2016  , the interest rate margin would have been   1.00%   for both TDAC LIBOR loans and Fed Funds Rate loans, and the commitment fee was   0.125%  , each determined by reference to the Company's public debt ratings.  There were   no   borrowings outstanding under the TDAC Revolving Facility as of September 30,   2016   and   2015  . 
  The TDAC Revolving Facility contains negative covenants that limit or restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the incurrence of liens, indebtedness of TDAC, mergers, consolidations, change in nature of business and the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of TDAC.  TDAC is also required to maintain minimum tangible net worth and is required to maintain compliance with minimum regulatory net capital requirements.  TDAC was in compliance with all covenants under the TDAC Revolving Facility as of September 30,   2016  . 
  Intercompany Credit Agreements         The Parent has entered into credit agreements with each of its primary broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries as described below. 
  The intercompany credit agreement with TDAC was established on   March 31, 2015   and will terminate on   March 1, 2022  .  Under this agreement, TDAC may borrow up to   $700 million   in cash or securities from the Parent under a committed facility.  In addition, the Parent is permitted, but under no obligation, to make loans of up to   $300 million   in cash or securities to TDAC under an uncommitted facility.  Loans under both the committed and uncommitted facilities bear interest at the same rate as borrowings under the TDAC Revolving Facility and must be repaid with interest on or before the termination date.  
  The intercompany credit agreement with TD Ameritrade, Inc., the Company's introducing broker-dealer subsidiary, was established on   March 31, 2015   and will terminate on   March 1, 2022  .  Under this agreement, TD Ameritrade, Inc. may borrow up to   $50 million   in cash or securities from the Parent under a committed facility.  In addition, the Parent is permitted, but under no obligation, to make loans of up to   $300 million   in cash or securities to TD Ameritrade, Inc. under an uncommitted facility.  Loans under both the committed and uncommitted facilities bear interest at the same rate as borrowings under the TDAC Revolving Facility and must be repaid with interest on or before the termination date.  
  The intercompany credit agreement with TD Ameritrade Futures   Forex LLC ("TDAFF"), the Company's FCM and FDM subsidiary, was established on   March 29, 2015  .  Effective August 11, 2016, the agreement was amended and restated because TDAFF became a forex dealer member.  The amended and restated agreement has an initial term of   five   years and will automatically renew for an additional   five  -year term, unless either party provides notice to the other of its intent to terminate not less than   30   days before the end of the then current term.  Under the amended and restated agreement, TDAFF may borrow from the Parent, under a committed facility, up to   75%   of the sum of 1) TDAFF's "residual interest target" as determined by TDAFF in accordance with applicable rules and regulations and 2) TDAFF's total retail forex obligation excess represented solely by TDAFF's deposit.  As of September 30,   2016   and   2015  , the loan commitment amount was   $22.5 million   and   $13.5 million  , respectively.  Loans under the amended and restated facility bear interest at the same rate as borrowings under the TDAC Revolving Facility and must be repaid with interest on or before the termination date. 
  There were   no   borrowings outstanding under any of the intercompany credit agreements as of September 30,   2016   and   2015  . 
  
   68 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

9. 
    Income Taxes 
     Provision for income taxes is comprised of the following for the fiscal years indicated (dollars in millions): 

A reconciliation of the federal statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate applicable to pre-tax income follows for the fiscal years indicated: 

The Company's effective income tax rate for fiscal year   2016   was   33.4%  , compared to   36.9%   and   38.0%   for fiscal years   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  The provision for income taxes for fiscal year 2016 was impacted by   $39 million   of net favorable adjustments to uncertain tax positions and related deferred income tax assets, which included a favorable   $33 million   tax liability remeasurement related to a recent state court decision.  The provision was also impacted by an   $18 million   favorable tax benefit claimed during fiscal year 2016 for federal deductions and tax credits related to calendar tax year 2012 through September 30, 2016 and   $5 million   of net favorable deferred income tax adjustments due to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the cumulative impact of the decline in the state tax rate.  These items had a net favorable impact on the Company's earnings for fiscal year 2016 of approximately   twelve cents   per share.  The provision for income taxes for fiscal year 2015 included   $22 million   of favorable resolutions of state income tax matters.  This favorably impacted the Company's earnings for fiscal year 2015 by approximately   four cents   per share.  The provision for income taxes for fiscal year 2014 included   $10 million   of favorable resolutions of state income tax matters, partially offset by   $2 million   of unfavorable deferred income tax adjustments resulting from state income tax law changes.  These items had a net favorable impact on the Company's earnings for fiscal year 2014 of approximately   one cent   per share.  
  
   69 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) are comprised of the following (dollars in millions): 

As of September 30,   2016  , the Company has recorded a tax benefit for approximately   $1 million   of federal net operating loss carryover that was acquired as part of the thinkorswim Group Inc. acquisition in fiscal 2009.  The net operating loss expires in   2019  , and is subject to substantial annual limitations on the utilization of the net operating loss.  The amount of tax benefit recorded in the financial statements represents the amount that is more likely than not to be realized within the carryforward period.  At September 30,   2016  , subsidiaries of the Company have approximately   $42 million   of separate state operating loss carryforwards.  These carryforwards expire between fiscal   2017   and   2031  .  Because the realization of the tax benefit from state loss carryforwards is dependent on certain subsidiaries generating sufficient state taxable income in future periods, as well as annual limitations on future utilization, the Company has provided a valuation allowance against the computed benefit in order to reflect the tax benefit expected to be realized.  The   $2 million   decrease in the valuation allowance from September 30,   2015   to September 30,   2016   was primarily due to expiration of certain state net operating loss carryforwards during fiscal   2016  . 
  
   70 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

A reconciliation of the activity related to unrecognized tax benefits follows for the fiscal years indicated (dollars in millions): 

The balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30,   2016   was   $142 million   (  $100 million   net of the federal benefit on state matters), all of which, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in any future periods.  The balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30,   2015   was   $154 million   (  $100 million   net of the federal benefit on state matters), all of which, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in any future periods.  The Company's income tax returns are subject to review and examination by federal, state and local taxing authorities.  The federal returns for   2012   through   2015   remain open under the statute of limitations.  The years open to examination by state and local government authorities vary by jurisdiction, but the statute of limitations is generally   three   to   four   years from the date the tax return is filed.  It is reasonably possible that the gross unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30,   2016   could decrease by up to   $29 million   (  $19 million   net of the federal benefit on state matters) within the next twelve months as a result of settlements of certain examinations or expiration of the statute of limitations with respect to other tax filings. 
  The Company recognized   $17 million   and   $2 million   of net benefits for interest and penalties (net of the federal income tax effect) on the Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily due to favorable resolutions and remeasurement of uncertain tax positions.  The Company recognized interest and penalties expense (net of the federal benefit) of   $3 million   for fiscal year   2014  .  As of September 30,   2016   and   2015  , accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits was   $23 million   and   $49 million  , respectively. 
   
           10  . 
    Capital Requirements    
     The Company's broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act), administered by the SEC and FINRA, which requires the maintenance of minimum net capital, as defined.  Net capital and the related net capital requirement may fluctuate on a daily basis.  TDAC, the Company's clearing broker-dealer subsidiary, and TD Ameritrade, Inc., the Company's introducing broker-dealer subsidiary, compute net capital under the alternative method as permitted by Rule 15c3-1.  TDAC is required to maintain minimum net capital of the greater of   $1.5 million  , which is based on the type of business conducted by the broker-dealer, or   2%   of aggregate debit balances arising from client transactions.  TD Ameritrade, Inc. is required to maintain minimum net capital of the greater of   $250,000   or   2%   of aggregate debit balances. In addition, under the alternative method, a broker-dealer may not repay any subordinated borrowings, pay cash dividends or make any unsecured advances or loans to its parent company or employees if such payment would result in a net capital amount of less than (a)   5%   of aggregate debit balances or (b)   120%   of its minimum dollar requirement. 
  TDAFF, the Company's FCM and FDM subsidiary registered with the CFTC, is subject to CFTC Regulations 1.17 and 5.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act, administered by the CFTC and the NFA.  As an FCM, TDAFF is required to maintain minimum adjusted net capital under CFTC Regulation 1.17 of the greater of (a)   $1.0 million   or (b) its futures risk-based capital requirement, equal to   8%   of the total risk margin requirement for all futures  
  
   71 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

positions carried by the FCM in client and nonclient accounts.  On February 16, 2016, TDAFF also became an FDM, subject to the net capital requirements under CFTC Regulation 5.7, which requires TDAFF to maintain minimum adjusted net capital of the greater of (a) any amount required under CFTC Regulation 1.17 as described above or (b)   $20.0 million   plus   5%   of all foreign exchange liabilities owed to forex clients in excess of   $10.0 million  .  In addition, an FCM and FDM must provide notice to the CFTC if its adjusted net capital amounts to less than (a)   110%   of its risk-based capital requirement under CFTC Regulation 1.17, (b)   150%   of its   $1.0 million   minimum dollar requirement, or (c)   110%   of   $20.0 million   plus   5%   of all foreign exchange liabilities owed to forex clients in excess of   $10.0 million  .   
  Net capital and net capital requirements for the Company's broker-dealer subsidiaries are summarized in the following tables (dollars in millions): 

Adjusted net capital and adjusted net capital requirements for the Company's FCM and FDM subsidiary are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions): 

The Company's non-depository trust company subsidiary, TD Ameritrade Trust Company ("TDATC"), is subject to capital requirements established by the State of Maine, which require TDATC to maintain minimum Tier 1 capital, as defined.  TDATC's Tier 1 capital was   $37 million   and   $32 million   as of September 30,   2016   and   2015  , respectively, which exceeded the required Tier 1 capital by   $21 million   and   $17 million  , respectively. 
  
   72 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

11. 
    Stock-based Compensation 
     The Company has   two   stock incentive plans under which Company stock-based awards may be granted: the TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "LTIP") and the 2006 Directors Incentive Plan (the "Directors Plan").  The Company also assumed stock incentive plans in connection with past business combinations.  New stock awards can no longer be granted under the assumed plans.  The LTIP authorizes the award of options to purchase common stock, common stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units.  Under the LTIP,   42,104,174   shares of the Company's common stock are reserved for issuance to eligible employees, consultants and non-employee directors.  The Directors Plan authorizes the award of options to purchase common stock, common stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and restricted stock.  Under the Directors Plan,   1,830,793   shares of the Company's common stock are reserved for issuance to non-employee directors. 
  Stock options, except for replacement options granted in connection with business combinations, are granted by the Company with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the grant date.  Stock options generally vest over a   one  - to   four  -year period and expire   10   years after the grant date.  Restricted stock units ("RSUs") are awards that entitle the holder to receive shares of Company common stock following a vesting period.  RSUs granted to employees generally vest after the completion of a   three  -year period.  RSUs granted to non-employee directors generally vest over a   one  -year period. 
  Stock-based compensation expense was   $34 million  ,   $36 million   and   $32 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  The related income tax benefits were   $13 million  ,   $14 million   and   $12 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  The following is a summary of option activity in the Company's stock incentive plans for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  : 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during fiscal year 2016 was   $6.16  .    No   options were granted during fiscal years   2015   and   2014  .  The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $0.1 million  ,   $11 million   and   $6 million  , respectively.  As of September 30,   2016  , the total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options awards was   $3 million   and was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   3.3   years. 
  The fair value of stock options granted was estimated using a Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model with the following assumptions: 

73 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on U.S. Treasury note yields with remaining terms comparable to the expected option life assumption used in the valuation model.  The expected dividend yield was based on the annual dividend yield at the time of grant.  The expected volatility was based on historical daily price changes of the Company's stock since July 2009.  The expected option life was the average number of years that the Company estimated the options will be outstanding, based primarily on historical employee option exercise behavior. 
  The Company measures the fair value of RSUs based upon the volume-weighted average market price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant.  RSUs are amortized over their applicable vesting period using the straight-line method, reduced by expected forfeitures. 
  The following is a summary of RSU activity in the Company's stock incentive plans for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  : 

As of September 30,   2016  , there was   $36 million   of estimated unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested RSUs, which was expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   2.1   years.  The total fair value of RSUs that vested during fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $71 million  ,   $59 million   and   $48 million  , respectively. 
  Although the Company does not have a formal policy regarding issuance of shares for stock-based compensation, such shares are generally issued from treasury stock.  The stockholders agreement entered into in connection with the acquisition of TD Waterhouse Group, Inc. requires the Company to repurchase its common stock from time to time to offset dilution resulting from stock option exercises and other stock awards subsequent to the acquisition.  As of September 30,   2016  , the Company was not obligated to repurchase additional shares pursuant to the stockholders agreement.  The Company cannot estimate the amount and timing of repurchases that may be required as a result of future stock issuances. 
   
           12. 
    Employee Benefit Plans 
     The Company has a 401(k) and profit-sharing plan under which annual profit-sharing contributions are determined at the discretion of the board of directors.  The Company also makes matching contributions pursuant to the plan document.  Profit-sharing and matching contributions expense was   $35 million  ,   $34 million   and   $30 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  
  
   74 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

13  . 
    Commitments and Contingencies    
     Lease Commitments     The Company has various non-cancelable operating leases on facilities requiring annual payments as follows (dollars in millions): 

A majority of the leases for the Company's branch offices contain provisions for renewal at the Company's option.  Rental expense, net of sublease income, was approximately   $51 million   for fiscal year   2016   and   $49 million   for each of fiscal years   2015   and   2014  . 
  Order Routing Matters       Five   putative class action complaints were filed between August and October 2014 regarding TD Ameritrade's routing of client orders.  The cases were filed in, or transferred to, the U.S. District Court for the District of Nebraska:   Jay Zola et al. v. TD     Ameritrade, Inc., et al.  ;   Tyler Verdieck v. TD     Ameritrade, Inc.  ;   Bruce Lerner v. TD     Ameritrade, Inc.  ;   Michael Sarbacker v. TD     Ameritrade Holding Corporation, et al.; Gerald Klein v. TD     Ameritrade Holding Corporation, et al.    The complaints in   Zola, Klein   and   Sarbacker   allege that the defendants failed to provide clients with "best execution" and routed orders to the market venue that paid the most for its order flow.  The complaints in   Verdieck   and   Lerner   allege that the defendant routed its clients' non-marketable limit orders to the venue paying the highest rates of maker rebates, and that clients did not receive best execution on these kinds of orders.  The complaints variously include claims of breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of the duty of best execution, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, violation  s   of Section 10(b) and 20 of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 10b-5, violation of Nebraska's Consumer Protection Act, violation of Nebraska's Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices Act, aiding and abetting, unjust enrichment and declaratory judgment.  The complaints seek various kinds of relief including damages, restitution, disgorgement, injunctive relief, equitable relief and other relief.  The Company moved to dismiss each of the five putative class action complaints.  The Magistrate Judge subsequently entered Findings and Recommendations with respect to each of the five actions, recommending that the District Judge dismiss each of the five lawsuits.  On March 23, 2016, the District Judge entered an order dismissing all of the state law claims in the five actions, denying the motion to dismiss the federal securities claims in the   Klein   case, and permitting the plaintiffs in the other four actions to amend their complaints to assert a federal securities claim.  None of the plaintiffs in the other four actions filed an amended complaint.  The plaintiffs in the   Zola  ,   Sarbacker   and   Verdieck   cases filed notices of appeal.  The plaintiff in the   Lerner   case did not file a notice of appeal and that case is considered closed.  The   Klein   case is proceeding in the District Court.  The Company intends to vigorously defend against these lawsuits.  The Company is unable to predict the outcome or the timing of the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits, or the potential losses, if any, that may result. 
  Certain regulatory authorities are conducting examinations and investigations regarding the routing of client orders.  TD Ameritrade, Inc. and TDAC have received requests for documents and information from the regulatory authorities.  TD Ameritrade, Inc. and TDAC are cooperating with the requests. 
  Other Legal and Regulatory Matters       The Company is subject to a number of other lawsuits, arbitrations, claims and other legal proceedings in connection with its business.  Some of these legal actions include claims for substantial or unspecified compensatory and/or punitive damages.  In addition, in the normal course of business,  
  
   75 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

the Company discusses matters with its regulators raised during regulatory examinations or otherwise subject to their inquiry.  These matters could result in censures, fines, penalties or other sanctions.  ASC 450,   Loss Contingencies  , governs the recognition and disclosure of loss contingencies, including potential losses from legal and regulatory matters.  ASC 450 categorizes loss contingencies using three terms based on the likelihood of occurrence of events that result in a loss: "probable" means that "the future event or events are likely to occur;" "remote" means that "the chance of the future event or events occurring is slight;" and "reasonably possible" means that "the chance of the future event or events occurring is more than remote but less than likely."  Under ASC 450, the Company accrues for losses that are considered both probable and reasonably estimable.  The Company may incur losses in addition to the amounts accrued where the losses are greater than estimated by management, or for matters for which an unfavorable outcome is considered reasonably possible, but not probable. 
  The Company estimates that the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses in excess of amounts accrued is from   $0   to   $60 million   as of September 30,   2016  .  This estimated aggregate range of reasonably possible losses is based upon currently available information for those legal and regulatory matters in which the Company is involved, taking into account the Company's best estimate of reasonably possible losses for those matters as to which an estimate can be made.  For certain matters, the Company does not believe an estimate can currently be made, as some matters are in preliminary stages and some matters have no specific amounts claimed.  The Company's estimate involves significant judgment, given the varying stages of the proceedings and the inherent uncertainty of predicting outcomes.  The estimated range will change from time to time as the underlying matters, stages of proceedings and available information change.  Actual losses may vary significantly from the current estimated range. 
  The Company believes, based on its current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, that the ultimate disposition of these legal and regulatory matters, individually or in the aggregate, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or cash flows of the Company.  However, in light of the uncertainties involved in such matters, the Company is unable to predict the outcome or the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters, or the potential losses, fines, penalties or equitable relief, if any, that may result, and it is possible that the ultimate resolution of one or more of these matters may be material to the Company's results of operations for a particular reporting period. 
  Income Taxes     The Company's federal and state income tax returns are subject to examination by taxing authorities.  Because the application of tax laws and regulations to many types of transactions is subject to varying interpretations, amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements could be significantly changed at a later date upon final determinations by taxing authorities.  
  General Contingencies     In the ordinary course of business, there are various contingencies that are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements.  These include the Company's broker-dealer and FCM/FDM subsidiaries' client activities involving the execution, settlement and financing of various client securities, options, futures and foreign exchange transactions.  These activities may expose the Company to credit risk in the event the clients are unable to fulfill their contractual obligations. 
  The Company extends margin credit and leverage to its clients.  In margin transactions, the Company extends credit to the client, subject to various regulatory and internal margin requirements, collateralized by cash and securities in the client's account.  In connection with these activities, the Company also routes client orders for execution and clears client transactions involving the sale of securities not yet purchased ("short sales").  Such margin-related transactions may expose the Company to credit risk in the event a client's assets are not sufficient to fully cover losses that the client may incur.  Leverage involves securing a large potential future obligation with a lesser amount of collateral.  The risks associated with margin credit and leverage increase during periods of rapid market movements, or in cases where leverage or collateral is concentrated and market movements occur.  In the event the client fails to satisfy its obligations, the Company has the authority to liquidate certain positions in the client's account at prevailing market prices in order to fulfill the client's obligations.  However, during periods of rapid market movements, clients who utilize margin credit or leverage and who have collateralized their obligations with securities may find that the securities have a rapidly depreciating value and may not be sufficient to cover their  
  
   76 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

obligations in the event of liquidation.  The Company seeks to mitigate the risks associated with its client margin and leverage activities by requiring clients to maintain margin collateral in compliance with various regulatory and internal guidelines.  The Company monitors required margin levels throughout each trading day and, pursuant to such guidelines, requires clients to deposit additional collateral, or to reduce positions, when necessary. 
  The Company contracts with unaffiliated FCM, FDM and broker-dealer entities to clear and execute futures and foreign exchange transactions for its clients.  This can result in concentrations of credit risk with one or more of these counterparties.  This risk is partially mitigated by the counterparties' obligation to comply with rules and regulations governing FCMs, FDMs and broker-dealers in the United States.  These rules generally require maintenance of net capital and segregation of client funds and securities.  In addition, the Company manages this risk by requiring credit approvals for counterparties and by utilizing account funding and sweep arrangement agreements that generally specify that all client cash in excess of futures funding requirements be transferred back to the clients' securities brokerage account at the Company on a daily basis. 
  The Company loans securities temporarily to other broker-dealers in connection with its broker-dealer business.  The Company receives cash as collateral for the securities loaned.  Increases in securities prices may cause the market value of the securities loaned to exceed the amount of cash received as collateral.  In the event the counterparty to these transactions does not return the loaned securities, the Company may be exposed to the risk of acquiring the securities at prevailing market prices in order to satisfy its client obligations.  The Company mitigates this risk by requiring credit approvals for counterparties, by monitoring the market value of securities loaned on a daily basis and requiring additional cash as collateral when necessary, and by participating in a risk-sharing program offered through the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"). 
  The Company borrows securities temporarily from other broker-dealers in connection with its broker-dealer business.  The Company deposits cash as collateral for the securities borrowed.  Decreases in securities prices may cause the market value of the securities borrowed to fall below the amount of cash deposited as collateral.  In the event the counterparty to these transactions does not return the cash deposited, the Company may be exposed to the risk of selling the securities at prevailing market prices.  The Company mitigates this risk by requiring credit approvals for counterparties, by monitoring the collateral values on a daily basis and requiring collateral to be returned by the counterparties when necessary, and by participating in a risk-sharing program offered through the OCC. 
  The Company transacts in reverse repurchase agreements (securities purchased under agreements to resell) in connection with its broker-dealer business.  The Company's policy is to take possession or control of securities with a market value in excess of the principal amount loaned, plus accrued interest, in order to collateralize resale agreements.  The Company monitors the market value of the underlying securities that collateralize the related receivable on resale agreements on a daily basis and may require additional collateral when deemed appropriate. 
  The Company has accepted collateral in connection with client margin loans and securities borrowed.  Under applicable agreements, the Company is generally permitted to repledge securities held as collateral and use them to enter into securities lending arrangements.  The following table summarizes the fair values of client margin securities and stock borrowings that were available to the Company to utilize as collateral on various borrowings or for other purposes, and the amount of that collateral loaned or repledged by the Company (dollars in billions): 

77 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The Company is subject to cash deposit and collateral requirements with clearinghouses based on its clients' trading activity.  The following table summarizes cash deposited with and securities pledged to clearinghouses by the Company (dollars in millions): 

Guarantees     The Company is a member of and provides guarantees to securities clearinghouses and exchanges in connection with client trading activities.  Under related agreements, the Company is generally required to guarantee the performance of other members.  Under these agreements, if a member becomes unable to satisfy its obligations to the clearinghouse, other members would be required to meet shortfalls.  The Company's liability under these arrangements is not quantifiable and could exceed the cash and securities it has posted to the clearinghouse as collateral.  However, the potential for the Company to be required to make payments under these agreements is considered remote.  Accordingly,   no   contingent liability is carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for these guarantees. 
  The Company clears its clients' futures transactions on an omnibus account basis through unaffiliated clearing firms.  The Company also contracts with an external provider to facilitate foreign exchange trading for its clients.  The Company has agreed to indemnify these unaffiliated clearing firms and the external provider for any loss that they may incur for the client transactions introduced to them by the Company. 
  See "  Insured Deposit Account Agreement  " in Note   19   for a description of a guarantee included in that agreement. 
   
           14. 
    Fair Value Disclosures 
     Fair Value Measurement   Definition and Hierarchy 
  ASC 820-10,   Fair Value Measurement  , defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
  ASC 820-10 establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available.  Observable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company.  Unobservable inputs reflect the Company's own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 
  The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels, as follows: 
             
    Level 1   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access.  This category includes active exchange-traded funds, money market mutual funds, mutual funds and equity securities. 
                
    Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  Such inputs include quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active and inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by  
     
   78 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

observable market data by correlation or other means.  This category includes most debt securities and other interest-sensitive financial instruments.  
             
    Level 3   Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, where there is little, if any, observable market activity or data for the asset or liability. 
     The following tables present the Company's fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30,   2016   and   2015   (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    See "  Fair Value Hedging  " in Note   8   for details.    
     
   79 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

(1) 
    See "  Fair Value Hedging  " in Note   8   for details. 
     There were no transfers between any levels of the fair value hierarchy during the periods covered by this report.  
  Valuation Techniques 
  In general, and where applicable, the Company uses quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine fair value.  This pricing methodology applies to the Company's Level 1 assets and liabilities.  If quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then the Company uses quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly.  This pricing methodology applies to the Company's Level 2 assets and liabilities. 
  
   80 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Level 2 Measurements: 
  Debt Securities     Fair values for debt securities are based on prices obtained from an independent pricing vendor.  The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields and credit spreads.  The Company validates the vendor pricing by periodically comparing it to pricing from another independent pricing service.  The Company has not adjusted prices obtained from the independent pricing vendor for any periods presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements because no significant pricing differences have been observed. 
  Interest Rate Swaps     These derivatives are valued by the Company using a valuation model provided by a third party service that incorporates interest rate yield curves, which are observable for substantially the full term of the contract.  The valuation model is widely accepted in the financial services industry and does not involve significant judgment because most of the inputs are observable in the marketplace.  Credit risk is not an input to the valuation because in each case the Company or counterparty has possession of collateral, in the form of cash or U.S. Treasury securities, in amounts equal to or exceeding the fair value of the interest rate swaps.  The Company validates the third party service valuations by comparing them to valuation models provided by the swap counterparties. 
  Level 3 Measurements: 
  The Company has no material assets or liabilities classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value 
  Receivable from/payable to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations, receivable from/payable to clients, receivable from/payable to affiliates, other receivables and accounts payable and other liabilities   are short-term in nature and accordingly are carried at amounts that approximate fair value.  Receivable from/payable to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations, receivable from/payable to clients, receivable from/payable to affiliates, other receivables and accounts payable and other liabilities are recorded at or near their respective transaction prices and historically have been settled or converted to cash at approximately that value (categorized as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy). 
  Cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes   includes reverse repurchase agreements (securities purchased under agreements to resell).  Reverse repurchase agreements are treated as collateralized financing transactions and are carried at amounts at which the securities will subsequently be resold, plus accrued interest.  The Company's reverse repurchase agreements generally have a maturity of   seven   days and are collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities in amounts exceeding the carrying value of the resale agreements.  Accordingly, the carrying value of reverse repurchase agreements approximates fair value (categorized as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).  In addition, this category includes cash held in demand deposit accounts and on deposit with futures commission merchants, for which the carrying values approximate the fair value (categorized as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy).  See Note   3   for a summary of cash and investments segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes. 
  Long-term debt     As of September 30,   2016  , the Company's Senior Notes had an aggregate estimated fair value, based on quoted market prices (categorized as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy), of approximately   $1.87 billion  , compared to the aggregate carrying value of the Senior Notes on the Consolidated Balance Sheet of   $1.82 billion  .  As of September 30,   2015  , the Company's Senior Notes had an aggregate estimated fair value, based on quoted market prices, of approximately   $1.83 billion  , compared to the aggregate carrying value of the Senior Notes on the Consolidated Balance Sheet of   $1.80 billion  . 
  
   81 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

15  .  
    Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
     Substantially all of the Company's reverse repurchase agreements, securities borrowing and securities lending activity and derivative financial instruments are transacted under master agreements that may allow for net settlement in the ordinary course of business, as well as offsetting of all contracts with a given counterparty in the event of default by one of the parties.  However, for financial statement purposes, the Company does not net balances related to these financial instruments. 
  The following tables present information about the potential effect of rights of setoff associated with the Company's recognized assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (dollars in millions): 

82 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

(1) 
    Included in the gross amounts of deposits paid for securities borrowed is   $590 million   and   $332 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, transacted through a risk-sharing program with the OCC, which guarantees the return of cash to the Company.  See "  General Contingencies  " in Note   13   for a discussion of the potential risks associated with securities borrowing transactions and how the Company mitigates those risks.  
              (2) 
    Included in the gross amounts of deposits received for securities loaned is   $1.07 billion   and   $1.16 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, transacted through a risk-sharing program with the OCC, which guarantees the return of securities to the Company.  See "  General Contingencies  " in Note   13   for a discussion of the potential risks associated with securities lending transactions and how the Company mitigates those risks. 
     
   83 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

(3) 
    Substantially all of the Company's securities lending transactions have a continuous contractual term and, upon notice by either party, may be terminated within three business days.  The following table summarizes the Company's gross liability for securities lending transactions by the class of securities loaned (dollars in millions): 

(4) 
    Amounts represent recognized assets and liabilities that are subject to enforceable master agreements with rights of setoff. 
              (5) 
    Represents the fair value of collateral the Company had received or pledged under enforceable master agreements, limited for table presentation purposes to the net amount of the recognized assets due from or liabilities due to each counterparty.  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company had received total collateral with a fair value of   $2.44 billion   and   $2.35 billion  , respectively, and pledged total collateral with a fair value of   $1.81 billion   and   $2.44 billion  , respectively. 
              (6) 
    Represents the amount for which, in the case of net recognized assets, the Company had not received collateral, and in the case of net recognized liabilities, the Company had not pledged collateral. 
      
           16.  
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
     The following table presents the net change in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) before and after income tax for the fiscal years indicated (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    The before tax reclassification amounts and the related tax effects are included in interest on borrowings and provision for income taxes, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
     
   84 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table presents after-tax changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss for the fiscal years indicated (dollars in millions): 

17. 
    Segment and Geographic Area Information 
     The Company primarily operates in the securities brokerage industry and has no other reportable segments.  Substantially all of the Company's revenues from external clients for the fiscal years ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were derived from its operations in the United States. 
   
           18. 
    Accelerated Stock Repurchase Agreements 
     On   June 8, 2016  , the Company entered into an accelerated stock repurchase ("ASR") agreement with an investment bank counterparty.  The Company paid   $42.5 million   to the counterparty and received an initial delivery of   1.1 million   shares of its common stock on   June 9, 2016  , representing   80%   of the potential shares to be repurchased based on the closing stock price of   $31.35   on   June 8, 2016  .  Settlement of the transaction occurred after the end of an averaging period, which began on   June 9, 2016   and ended on   September 15, 2016  .  The total number of shares the Company purchased from the counterparty was based on the average of the daily volume-weighted average share prices of the Company's common stock during the averaging period, less a pre-determined discount.  Upon settlement, the Company received an additional   0.3 million   shares on   September 20, 2016  .  The Company ultimately repurchased a total of   1.4 million   shares under the June 8, 2016 ASR agreement at a net weighted average price of   $29.89   per share. 
  On   December 1, 2015  , the Company entered into an ASR agreement with an investment bank counterparty.  The Company paid   $45 million   to the counterparty and received an initial delivery of   1.0 million   shares of its common stock on   December 2, 2015  , representing   80%   of the potential shares to be repurchased based on the closing stock price of   $36.92   on   December 1, 2015  .  Settlement of the transaction was to occur after the end of an averaging period, which would end no later than   March 1, 2016   and was subject to early termination by the counterparty.  The averaging period began on   December 2, 2015   and ended on   January 12, 2016  , at the election of the counterparty.  The total number of shares the Company purchased from the counterparty was based on the average of the daily volume-weighted average share prices of the Company's common stock during the averaging period, less a pre-determined discount.  Upon settlement, the Company received an additional   0.3 million   shares on   January 15, 2016  .  The Company ultimately repurchased a total of   1.3 million   shares under the December 1, 2015 ASR agreement at a net weighted average price of   $33.98   per share. 
  The Company has treated the ASR agreements as forward contracts indexed to its own common stock.  The forward contracts have met all of the applicable criteria for equity classification, including the Company's right to settle in shares.  The Company has reflected the shares received from the investment bank counterparties as treasury stock as of the dates the shares were delivered, which resulted in reductions of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted average common shares outstanding for both basic and diluted earnings per share during the respective periods.  
  
   85 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

19  . 
    Related Party Transactions    
     Transactions with TD and Affiliates 
  As a result of the Company's acquisition of TD Waterhouse Group, Inc. during fiscal 2006, TD became an affiliate of the Company.  TD owned approximately   42%   of the Company's common stock as of September 30,   2016  .  Pursuant to the stockholders agreement between TD and the Company, TD has the right to designate   five   of   twelve   members of the Company's board of directors.  The Company transacts business and has extensive relationships with TD and certain of its affiliates.  Transactions with TD and its affiliates are discussed and summarized below. 
  Insured Deposit Account Agreement    
  Under the IDA agreement, the TD Depository Institutions make available to clients of the Company FDIC-insured money market deposit accounts as either designated sweep vehicles or as non-sweep deposit accounts.  The Company provides marketing, recordkeeping and support services for the TD Depository Institutions with respect to the money market deposit accounts.  In exchange for providing these services, the TD Depository Institutions pay the Company an aggregate marketing fee based on the weighted average yield earned on the client IDA assets, less the actual interest paid to clients, a servicing fee to the TD Depository Institutions and the cost of FDIC insurance premiums. 
  The current IDA agreement became effective as of   January 1, 2013   and has an initial term expiring   July 1, 2018  .  It is automatically renewable for successive   five  -year terms, provided that it may be terminated by either the Company or the TD Depository Institutions by providing written notice of non-renewal at least   two years   prior to the initial expiration date or the expiration date of any subsequent renewal period.  As of July 1, 2016, notice of non-renewal was not provided by either party, therefore the IDA agreement will automatically renew on   July 1, 2018  . 
  The fee earned on the IDA agreement is calculated based on   two   primary components: (a) the yield on fixed-rate "notional" investments, based on prevailing fixed rates for identical balances and maturities in the interest rate swap market (generally LIBOR-based) at the time such investments were added to the IDA portfolio (including any adjustments required to adjust the variable rate leg of such swaps to a   one  -month reset frequency and the overall swap payment frequency to monthly) and (b) the yield on floating-rate investments.  As of September 30,   2016  , the IDA portfolio was comprised of approximately   68%   fixed-rate notional investments and   32%   floating-rate investments. 
  The IDA agreement provides that the Company may designate amounts and maturity dates for the fixed-rate notional investments in the IDA portfolio, subject to certain limitations.  For example, if the Company designates that   $100 million   of deposits be invested in   5  -year fixed-rate investments, and on the day such investment is confirmed by the TD Depository Institutions the prevailing fixed yield for the applicable   5  -year U.S. dollar LIBOR-based swaps is   1.45%  , then the Company will earn a gross fixed yield of   1.45%   on that portion of the portfolio (before any deductions for interest paid to clients, the servicing fee to the TD Depository Institutions and the cost of FDIC insurance premiums).  In the event that (1) the federal funds effective rate is established at   0.75%   or greater and (2) the rate on   5  -year U.S. dollar interest rate swaps is equal to or greater than   1.50%   for   20   consecutive business days, then the rate earned by the Company on new fixed-rate notional investments will be reduced by   20%   of the excess of the   5  -year U.S. dollar swap rate over   1.50%  , up to a maximum of   0.10%  . 
  The yield on floating-rate investments is calculated daily based on the greater of the following rates published by the Federal Reserve: (1) the interest rate paid by Federal Reserve Banks on balances held in excess of required reserve balances and contractual clearing balances under Regulation D and (2) the daily effective federal funds rate. 
  The interest rates paid to clients are set by the TD Depository Institutions and are not linked to any index.  The servicing fee to the TD Depository Institutions under the IDA agreement is equal to 25 basis points on the aggregate average daily balance in the IDA accounts, subject to adjustment as it relates to deposits of less than or equal to   $20 billion   kept in floating-rate investments or in fixed-rate notional investments with a maturity of up to  
  
   86 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

24   months ("short-term fixed-rate investments").  For such floating-rate and short-term fixed-rate investments, the servicing fee is equal to the difference of the interest rate earned on the investments less the FDIC premiums paid (in basis points), divided by two.  The servicing fee has a floor of 3 basis points (subject to adjustment from time to time to reflect material changes to the TD Depository Institutions' leverage costs) and a maximum of 25 basis points. 
  In the event the marketing fee computation results in a negative amount, the Company must pay the TD Depository Institutions the negative amount.  This effectively results in the Company guaranteeing the TD Depository Institutions revenue equal to the servicing fee on the IDA agreement, plus the reimbursement of FDIC insurance premiums.  The marketing fee computation under the IDA agreement is affected by many variables, including the type, duration, principal balance and yield of the fixed-rate and floating-rate investments, the prevailing interest rate environment, the amount of client deposits and the yield paid on client deposits.  Because a negative marketing fee computation would arise only if there were extraordinary movements in many of these variables, the maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under this arrangement cannot be reasonably estimated.  Management believes the potential for the marketing fee calculation to result in a negative amount is remote.  Accordingly,   no   contingent liability is carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the IDA agreement. 
  In addition, the Company has various other services agreements and transactions with TD and its affiliates.  The following tables summarize revenues and expenses resulting from transactions with TD and its affiliates for the fiscal years indicated (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    On September 30, 2016, the Company notified TD of its intent to not extend or renew the Canadian Call Center Services Agreement.  Of the   $22 million   of expenses related to this agreement,   $19 million   is included in professional services and   $3 million   of contract termination costs are included in other expense on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  The Company expects that services with the Canadian Call Center will be completed by September 30, 2017. 
     
   87 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table summarizes the classification and amount of receivables from and payables to TD and its affiliates on the Consolidated Balance Sheets resulting from related party transactions (dollars in millions): 

Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations primarily relate to securities lending activity and are settled in accordance with customary contractual terms.  Receivables from and payables to TD affiliates resulting from client cash sweep activity are generally settled in cash the next business day.  Other receivables from and payables to affiliates of TD are generally settled in cash on a monthly basis. 
  
   88 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

20. 
    Condensed Consolidating Financial Information 
     The 2019 Senior Notes are jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by TDAOH.  Presented below is condensed consolidating financial information for the Company, its guarantor subsidiary and its non-guarantor subsidiaries for the periods indicated.  Because all other comprehensive income (loss) activity occurred on the parent company for all periods presented, condensed consolidating statements of comprehensive income are not presented. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  As of September 30,   2016   

89 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  As of September 30,   2015 

90 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
  For the Year Ended September 30,   2016 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
  For the Year Ended September 30,   2015 

91 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
  For the Year Ended September 30,   2014 

92 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  For the Year Ended September 30,   2016 

93 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  For the Year Ended September 30,   2015 

94 

     Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  For the Year Ended September 30,   2014 

95 

Table of Contents  

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

21. 
    Quarterly Data (Unaudited) 
     (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

Quarterly amounts may not sum to fiscal year totals due to rounding. 
   
   On   October 24, 2016  , the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Scottrade Financial Services, Inc. ("Scottrade"), a Delaware corporation, Rodger O. Riney, as Voting Trustee of the Rodger O. Riney Family Voting Trust U/A/D 12/31/2012, and Alto Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire Scottrade in a cash and equity transaction valued at   $4 billion  .  The transaction will take place in two, consecutive steps. First, and as a condition precedent to our acquisition of Scottrade, TD will purchase Scottrade Bank from Scottrade for   $1.3 billion   in cash, subject to closing adjustments.  Under the terms of the planned acquisition, Scottrade Bank will merge with and into TD Bank, N.A., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TD.  Additionally, we expect TD to purchase   $400 million   in new common equity, or approximately   11 million   shares, from the Company in connection with the planned transaction.  Immediately following TD's acquisition of Scottrade Bank, the Company will acquire Scottrade for   $4 billion   less the proceeds from the sale of Scottrade Bank, which is subject to closing adjustments.  We intend to fund the acquisition of Scottrade with   $1 billion   in new common equity, or approximately   28 million   shares, issued to Scottrade shareholders, cash on hand, proceeds from the sale of the Company's common stock to TD, as described above, and debt financing. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions and is expected to close by   September 30, 2017  .  Following the transaction's close, Scottrade Founder and CEO, Rodger Riney, will be appointed to the Company's board of directors. 
  
   96 

Table of Contents        

Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
  None. 
   
  Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures 
  MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
  Management of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of and effected by the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
  The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.  Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.  Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,   2016   based on framework established in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework).  Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30,   2016  , the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
  The Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,   2016   has been audited by Ernst   Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,   2016  .  That opinion appears on the next page. 
  
   97 

     Table of Contents        

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
  The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
  TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation 
  We have audited TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,   2016  , based on criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria).  TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  In our opinion, TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,   2016  , based on the COSO criteria  . 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation as of September 30,   2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30,   2016   of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and our report dated   November 18, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
  /s/ ERNST   YOUNG LLP 
  Chicago, Illinois 
  November 18, 2016    
  
   98 

     Table of Contents        

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30,   2016  .  Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30,   2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  Item 9B.      Other Information 
  None. 
   
  PART III 

Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
  The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our   2017   annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after September 30,   2016   (the "Proxy Statement"). 
   
  Item 11.      Executive Compensation 
  The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement.  
   
           Item 12. 
    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item, with the exception of the equity compensation plan information presented below, is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. 
  Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
  The following table summarizes, as of September 30,   2016  , information about compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance: 

Number of securities to 
  be issued upon exercise 
  of outstanding options, 
  warrants and rights 
      
    Weighted average 
  exercise price of 
  outstanding options, 
  warrants and rights 
      
    Number of securities 
  remaining available 
  for future 
  issuance under equity 
  compensation plans 
  (excluding 
  securities reflected 
  in column (a)) 
      
      Plan Category 
      
    (a) 
      
    (b) 
      
    (c) 
      
      Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
      
    5,417,704 
      
     (1)   
    $ 
    21.33 
      
     (2)   
    7,550,961 
      
     (3)   

(2) 
    The weighted average exercise price does not take into account awards that have no exercise price, such as restricted stock units and deferred stock units. 
     
   99 

     Table of Contents        

(3) 
    The TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "LTIP") and the 2006 Directors Incentive Plan (the "Directors Plan") authorize the issuance of shares of common stock as well as options.  As of September 30,   2016  , there were 6,672,853 shares and 878,108 shares remaining available for issuance pursuant to the LTIP and the Directors Plan, respectively. 
     The previous table includes the following options assumed in connection with the Company's acquisition of thinkorswim Group Inc. in fiscal 2009: 

Number of securities to 
  be issued upon exercise of 
  outstanding options, 
  warrants and rights 
      
    Weighted average 
  exercise price of 
  outstanding options, 
  warrants and rights 
      Plan Category 
      
    (a) 
      
    (b) 
      Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
      
    21,300 
      
    $40.33 

Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
  The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. 
   
  Item 14.      Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
  The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. 
   
  PART IV 
   
  Item 15.      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
           (a) 
    Documents filed as part of this Report 
              1. 
    Financial Statements 
     See Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
           2. 
    Financial Statement Schedules 
     Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because the required information is not present, or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedules, or because the required information is provided in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes. 
   See Item 15(b) below. 
   
           (b) 
    Exhibits 
                      Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      2.1^ 
      
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 24, 2016, by and among Scottrade Financial Services, Inc., Rodger O. Riney, as Voting Trustee of the Rodger O. Riney Family Voting Trust U/A/D 12/31/2012, TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and Alto Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016) 

3.1 
      
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, dated January 24, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2006) 

3.2 
      
    Amended and Restated By-Laws of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, effective February 12, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2014) 

4.1 
      
    Form of Certificate for Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 8-A filed on September 5, 2002) 

100 

     Table of Contents        

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      4.2 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated November 25, 2009, among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, TD Ameritrade Online Holdings Corp., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2009) 

4.3 
      
    Form of 5.600% Senior Note due 2019 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 

4.4 
      
    Indenture, dated October 22, 2014, between TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2014) 

4.5 
      
    Form of 3.625% Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.4) 

4.6 
      
    Supplemental Indenture, dated October 22, 2014, between TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2014) 

4.7 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated March 9, 2015 between TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2015) 

4.8 
      
    Form of 2.950% Senior Note due 2022 (included in Exhibit 4.7) 

10.1* 
      
    Form of Indemnification Agreement between TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and members of the Company's board of directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2014) 

10.2* 
      
    Chairman of the Board of Directors Term Sheet, effective as of June 1, 2011, between Joseph H. Moglia and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 18, 2011) 

10.3* 
      
    Employment Agreement, effective as of October 1, 2013, between Fredric J. Tomczyk and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2013) 

10.4* 
      
    Separation and Release of Claims Agreement, dated September 22, 2016, between Fredric J. Tomczyk and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation 

10.5* 
      
    Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, dated May 15, 2008, between Fredric J. Tomczyk and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2008) 

10.6* 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Fredric J. Tomczyk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 6, 2013) 

10.7* 
      
    Employment Agreement, effective as of January 2, 2016, between Tim Hockey and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2016) 

10.8* 
      
    Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated January 21, 2016, between Tim Hockey and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2016) 

10.9* 
      
    Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, dated January 21, 2016, between Tim Hockey and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2016) 

10.10* 
      
    Employment Agreement, as amended and restated, effective as of October 13, 2008, between Ellen L.S. Koplow and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company's Form 10-K filed on November 26, 2008) 

10.11* 
      
    Amendment to Employment Agreement, executed on December 20, 2012, between Ellen L.S. Koplow and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 6, 2013) 

101 

     Table of Contents        

102 

     Table of Contents        

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      10.29 
      
    Amendment No. 1 to Stockholders Agreement among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and certain other stockholders of TD Ameritrade, dated February 22, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2006) 

10.30 
      
    Amendment No. 2 and Waiver to Stockholders Agreement among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and certain other stockholders of TD Ameritrade, dated August 3, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 13, 2009) 

10.31 
      
    Amendment No. 3 to Stockholders Agreement among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and certain other stockholders of TD Ameritrade, dated August 6, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 19, 2010) 

10.32 
      
    Amendment No. 4 to Stockholders Agreement among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and certain other stockholders of TD Ameritrade, dated October 31, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2012) 

10.33 
      
    Amendment No. 5 to Stockholders Agreement among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and certain other stockholders of TD Ameritrade, dated December 4, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2013) 

10.34      
      
    Insured Deposit Account Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2013, among TD Bank USA, N.A., TD Bank, N.A., The Toronto-Dominion Bank, TD Ameritrade, Inc., TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. and TD Ameritrade Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 6, 2013) 

10.35 
      
    Amendment No. 1, dated as of October 24, 2016, to the Insured Deposit Account Agreement by and among TD Bank USA, N.A., TD Bank, N.A., TD Ameritrade, Inc., TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc., TD Ameritrade Trust Company and solely for purposes of Sections 7(b), 14 and 15(c), The Toronto-Dominion Bank, effective as of January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016) 

10.36 
      
    Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and among Ameritrade Holding Corporation, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, J. Joe Ricketts and certain of his affiliates, entities affiliated with Silver Lake Partners, and entities affiliated with TA Associates, dated as of June 22, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2005) 

10.37 
      
    Trademark License Agreement among The Toronto-Dominion Bank and Ameritrade Holding Corporation, dated as of June 22, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2005) 

10.38 
      
    Letter Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2016, by and among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and TD Luxembourg International Holdings S. .r.l. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016) 

10.39 
      
    Subscription Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2016, by and among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and TD Luxembourg International Holdings S. .r.l. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016) 

10.40 
      
    Credit Agreement, dated June 11, 2014, among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, TD Ameritrade Online Holdings Corp., as guarantor, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, Barclays Bank PLC, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-documentation agents and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2014) 

10.41 
      
    Credit Agreement, dated June 11, 2014, among TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc., the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, Barclays Bank PLC, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-documentation agents and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2014) 

103 

     Table of Contents        

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 

10.42 
      
    Construction agreement between TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc. and AP Gulf States Inc., effective May 10, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016) 

12 
      
    Statement Re: Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

14 
      
    Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed February 4, 2011) 

21.1 
      
    Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
      
    Consent of Ernst   Young LLP 

31.1 
      
    Certification of Tim Hockey, Principal Executive Officer, as required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Stephen J. Boyle, Principal Financial Officer, as required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
      
    Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, Rodger O. Riney, as Voting Trustee of the Rodger O. Riney Family Voting Trust U/A/D 12/31/2012, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and the other stockholders described therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016) 

99.2 
      
    Form of Stockholders Agreement by and among TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and Rodger O. Riney, as Voting Trustee of the Rodger O. Riney Family Voting Trust U/A/D 12/31/2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016) 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

^ 
    Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K.  The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule upon request. 

* 
    Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits under Item 15(b) of this report. 

Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to the omitted portions of this Exhibit, which portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

104 

Table of Contents        

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 18   th    day of November,   2016  . 
                   TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 

By: 
      
    /s/    TIM HOCKEY         

Tim Hockey 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
      
    /s/    STEPHEN J. BOYLE         

Stephen J. Boyle 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 18   th    day of November,   2016  . 
                   /s/    JOSEPH H. MOGLIA          
      
    /s/    IRENE R. MILLER 
      Joseph H. Moglia 
  Chairman of the Board 
      
    Irene R. Miller 
  Director 

/s/    BHARAT B. MASRANI 
      
    /s/    MARK L. MITCHELL 
      Bharat B. Masrani 
  Vice Chairman of the Board 
      
    Mark L. Mitchell 
  Director 

/s/    LORENZO A. BETTINO 
      
    /s/    WILBUR J. PREZZANO 
      Lorenzo A. Bettino 
  Director 
      
    Wilbur J. Prezzano 
  Director 

/s/    V. ANN HAILEY 
      
    /s/    TODD M. RICKETTS 
      V. Ann Hailey 
  Director 
      
    Todd M. Ricketts 
  Director 

/s/    BRIAN M. LEVITT 
      
    /s/    ALLAN R. TESSLER 
      Brian M. Levitt 
  Director 
      
    Allan R. Tessler 
  Director 

/s/    KAREN E. MAIDMENT 

Karen E. Maidment 
  Director 

105 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 amtd_20160930xex104.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.4 

SEPARATION AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT 
    
  This Separation and Release of Claims Agreement (the "  Agreement"  ) is made by and between Fredric J. Tomczyk ("  Executive"  ) and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (the "  Company"  ) (collectively referred to as the "  Parties"   or individually referred to as a "  Party"  ). 
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS, Executive was employed by the Company; 
    
  WHEREAS, Executive and the Company entered into an Employment Agreement effective as of October 1, 2013 (the "  Employment Agreement"  );   
    
  WHEREAS, Executive separated from employment with the Company effective October 1, 2016 (the "  Separation Date"  ); and 
    
  WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions, and demands that the Executive may have against the Company and any of the Releasees as defined below, including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising out of or in any way related to Executive's employment with or separation from the Company; 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows: 
  COVENANTS 
  1.  Consideration  .  The Company agrees to pay Executive the consideration set forth in the Employment Agreement.  
    
  2.  Equity Awards  .  The Parties agree that for purposes of determining the number of shares of the Company's common stock that Executive is entitled to purchase from the Company, pursuant to the exercise of outstanding equity awards, Executive will be considered to have vested only up to the Separation Date.  Executive acknowledges that as of the Separation Date, Executive will have vested in the number of shares subject to Executive's equity awards as set forth in the schedule attached hereto as   Appendix A  .  Except as specified in Section 1.a. above, the exercise of any of Executive's vested and outstanding options, if any, shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable equity plan of the Company and the applicable equity award agreement thereunder. 
    
  3.  Benefits  .  Executive's health insurance benefits shall cease on October 31, 2016, subject to Executive's right to continue his health insurance under COBRA.  Except as specified in this Section 3 and Section 1.a. above, Executive's participation in all benefits and incidents of employment, including, but not limited to, vesting in equity awards, and the accrual of bonuses, vacation, and paid time off, ceased as of the Separation Date. 
    
  4.  Payment of Salary and Receipt of All Benefits  .  Executive acknowledges and represents that, other than the consideration set forth in this Agreement, the Company has paid or  

provided all salary (including but not limited to all payments under Section 6(a)(i) of the Employment Agreement), wages, bonuses (including but not limited to all payments under Section 6(a)(ii) of the Employment Agreement), accrued vacation/paid time off (including but not limited to all payments under Section 6(a)(iii) of the Employment Agreement), premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses (including but not limited to all payments under Section 6(a)(v) of the Employment Agreement), commissions, equity awards, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Executive (including but not limited to all payments under Section 6(a)(iv) of the Employment Agreement).   
    
  5.  Release of Claims  .  Executive agrees that the foregoing consideration represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations owed to Executive by the Company and its current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, attorneys, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, benefit plans, plan administrators, insurers, trustees, divisions, and subsidiaries, and predecessor and successor corporations and assigns (collectively, the "  Releasees"  ).  Executive, on his own behalf and on behalf of his respective heirs, family members, executors, agents, and assigns, hereby and forever releases the Releasees from, and agrees not to sue concerning, or in any manner to institute, prosecute, or pursue, any claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that Executive may possess against any of the Releasees arising from any omissions, acts, facts, or damages that have occurred up until and including the Effective Date of this Agreement, including, without limitation: 
    
  a.    any and all claims relating to or arising from Executive's employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that relationship;  
    
  b.    any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executive's right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law; 
    
  c.    any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment; termination in violation of public policy; discrimination; harassment; retaliation; breach of contract, both express and implied; breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied; promissory estoppel; negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress; fraud; negligent or intentional misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage; unfair business practices; defamation; libel; slander; negligence; personal injury; assault; battery; invasion of privacy; false imprisonment; conversion; and disability benefits; 
    
  d.    any and all claims for violation of any federal, state, or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Equal Pay Act; the Fair Labor Standards Act; the Fair Credit Reporting Act; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act;     the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;  

Page 2 of 11 

e.    any and all claims for violation of the federal or any state constitution; 
    
  f.    any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination; 
    
  g.    any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the non-withholding or other tax treatment of any of the proceeds received by Executive as a result of this Agreement; and 
    
  h.    any and all claims for attorneys' fees and costs. 
    
  Executive agrees that the release set forth in this section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released.  This release does not extend to any obligations incurred under this Agreement.  This release does not release claims that cannot be released as a matter of law, including, but not limited to, Executive's right to file a charge with or participate in a charge by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, against the Company (with the understanding that any such filing or participation does not give Executive the right to recover any monetary damages against the Company; Executive's release of claims herein bars Executive from recovering such monetary relief from the Company).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive acknowledges that any and all disputed wage claims that are released herein shall be subject to binding arbitration in accordance with Section 16 below, which precludes Executive from filing a claim with the Division of Labor Standards Enforcement.  Executive represents that he has made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, cause of action, or other matter waived or released by this Section. 
    
  6.  Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA  .  Executive acknowledges that he is waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ("  ADEA"  ), and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary.  Executive agrees that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement.  Executive acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled.  Executive further acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that: (a) he should consult with an attorney   prior   to executing this Agreement; (b) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement; (c) he has seven (7) days following his execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement; (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until after the revocation period has expired; and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law.  In the event Executive signs this Agreement and returns it to the Company in less than the 21-day period identified above, Executive hereby acknowledges that he has freely and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement. 
    
  7.  Unknown Claims  .  Executive acknowledges that he has been advised to consult with legal counsel and that he is familiar with the principle that a general release does not extend to  
  
   Page 3 of 11 

claims that the releaser does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him, must have materially affected his settlement with the releasee.  Executive, being aware of said principle, agrees to expressly waive any rights he may have to that effect, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
    
  8.  No Pending or Future Lawsuits  .  Executive represents that he has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in his name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any of the other Releasees.  Executive also represents that he does not intend to bring any claims on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any of the other Releasees. 
    
  9.  Application for Employment  .  Executive understands and agrees that, as a condition of this Agreement, Executive shall not be entitled to any employment with the Company, and Executive hereby waives any right, or alleged right, of employment or re-employment with the Company.  Executive further agrees not to apply for employment with the Company and not otherwise pursue an independent contractor or vendor relationship with the Company. 
    
  10.  Trade Secrets and Confidential Information/Company Property  .  Executive reaffirms and agrees to observe and abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and Section 8 of the Employment Agreement, including specifically the nondisclosure of the Company's trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information.  Executive's signature below constitutes his certification under penalty of perjury that he has returned all documents and other items provided to Executive by the Company, developed or obtained by Executive in connection with his employment with the Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company.   
    
  11.  No Cooperation  .  Executive agrees that he will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against any of the Releasees, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement.  Executive agrees both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order, and to furnish, within three (3) business days of its receipt, a copy of such subpoena or other court order.  If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints against any of the Releasees, Executive shall state no more than that he cannot provide counsel or assistance. 
    
  12.  Non-solicitation, Non-competition, Non-disparagement and Share Ownership Requirement  .  During the period of two (2) years following the Separation Date, Executive agrees to comply with the non-solicitation and non-competition requirements set forth in Section 7(b) of the Employment Agreement, the non-disparagement requirements set forth in Section 7(c) of the Employment Agreement, and the Company's common stock ownership requirement set forth in Section 7(d) of the Employment Agreement. 
    
  13.  Breach  .  In addition to the rights provided in the "Attorneys' Fees" section below, Executive acknowledges and agrees that any material breach of this Agreement (unless such breach constitutes a legal action by Executive challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA), or of any provision of the Confidentiality Agreement, except as provided by law, shall entitle the Company immediately to recover and/or  
  
   Page 4 of 11 

cease providing the consideration provided to Executive under this Agreement and to obtain damages, including but not limited to the Company's rights under Section 7(b)(iii) of the Employment Agreement. 
    
  14.  No Admission of Liability  .  Executive understands and acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by Executive.  No action taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Agreement, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Executive or to any third party. 
    
  15.  Costs  .  The Parties shall each bear their own costs, attorneys' fees, and other fees incurred in connection with the preparation of this Agreement. 
    
  16.  ARBITRATION  .  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, AND ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION IN NEW YORK COUNTY, BEFORE JUDICIAL ARBITRATION   MEDIATION SERVICES ("  JAMS"  ), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES   PROCEDURES ("  JAMS RULES"  ).  THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES.  THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH NEW YORK LAW, AND THE ARBITRATOR SHALL APPLY SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL NEW YORK LAW TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION.  TO THE EXTENT THAT THE JAMS RULES CONFLICT WITH NEW YORK LAW, NEW YORK LAW SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE.  THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION.  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD.  THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL AWARD ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW.  THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.  SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN. 

Page 5 of 11 

17.  Tax Consequences  .  The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the payments and any other consideration provided to Executive or made on his behalf under the terms of this Agreement.  Executive agrees and understands that he is responsible for payment, if any, of local, state, and/or federal taxes on the payments and any other consideration provided hereunder by the Company and any penalties or assessments thereon.  Executive further agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any claims, demands, deficiencies, penalties, interest, assessments, executions, judgments, or recoveries by any government agency against the Company for any amounts claimed due on account of (a) Executive's failure to pay or delayed payment of federal or state taxes, or (b) damages sustained by the Company by reason of any such claims, including attorneys' fees and costs. 
    
  18.  Section 409A  .  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder ("Section 409A") (together, the "Deferred Payments") will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A.  Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A.  Further, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a "specified employee" within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executive's separation from service (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive's separation from service, will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive's separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of Executive's death following Executive's separation from service, but before the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive's death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment under Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.  The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt.  In no event will the Company reimburse Executive for any taxes that may be imposed on Executive as result of Section 409A. 
    
  19.  Authority  .  The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Executive represents and warrants that he has the capacity to act on his own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through him to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Each Party warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein. 
  
   Page 6 of 11 

20.  No Representations  .  Executive represents that he has had an opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement.  Executive has not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
    
  21.  Severability  .  In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. 
    
  22.  Attorneys' Fees  .  Except with regard to a legal action challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA, in the event that either Party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of mediation, arbitration, litigation, court fees, and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in connection with such an action. 
    
  23.  Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Executive's employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Executive's relationship with the Company including the Employment Agreement (except as specifically set forth in this Agreement), with the exception of the Confidentiality Agreement.  
    
  24.  No Oral Modification  .  This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by Executive and the Company's Board of Directors. 
    
  25.  Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard for choice-of-law provisions.   
    
  26.  Effective Date  .  Executive understands that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by him within twenty one (21) days.   Each Party has seven (7) days after that Party signs this Agreement to revoke it.  This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after Executive signed this Agreement, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked by either Party before that date (the "  Effective Date"  ). 
    
  27.  Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by facsimile, and each counterpart and facsimile shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 
    
  28.  Voluntary Execution of Agreement  .  Executive understands and agrees that he executed this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of his claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees.  Executive acknowledges that: 
    
  (a)    he has read this Agreement; 
  
   Page 7 of 11 

(b) 
    he has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of his own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel; 
       
           (c) 
    he understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains; and 
       
  (d)    he is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. 

[  signature page follows.  ] 
  
   Page 8 of 11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 

Fredric J. Tomczyk, an individual 

Dated:  September 22, 2016      /s/  FREDRIC J. TOMCZYK     
  Fredric J. Tomczyk 

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 

Dated:  September 22, 2016    By   /s/  KAREN GANZLIN     
  Karen Ganzlin 
  EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Page 9 of 11 

APPENDIX A 
    
  [SCHEDULE OF EQUITY AWARDS OF EXECUTIVE] 
  
   Page 10 of 11 

Fred Tomczyk - Equity Schedule 
  September 15, 2016 
  ________________________________________________________________________________ 
    
  Income Recognition 

Restricted Stock Units       
    
      RSUs will be distributed April 2017 to be 409A compliant 
    - Federal and state income withholdings will be collected using the AMTD closing price on the 
       April 2017 distribution date   1   

1) Social Security and Medicare taxes were collected on grant date given the retirement eligibility provisions in 
  Mr. Tomczyk's RSU agreements 
    
               At Time of 
      Exercise 

Vested, Unexercised Stock Options 
    
      Income   will be recognized at the time of exercise (Income = Exercise Price - Strike Price) 
    - Taxes will be withheld at time of exercise 
          Can choose to: (i) sell exercised shares to cover withholding taxes, (ii) pay withholding taxes in cash and 
  receive the full number of shares exercised 

2) In-the-money valuation shown 

Page 11 of 11 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 amtd_20160930xex1015.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.15

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.15 
  August 1, 2016 
  Private and Confidential  
  Mr. Marvin Adams 
  ************* 
  *************** 
    
  Separation Agreement and Release of Claims 
  Dear Marv: 
  This Separation Agreement and Release of Claims ("Agreement") sets forth the terms of your resignation from employment with TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (together with any of its predecessors, subsidiaries, parents or other affiliates, and their respective successors, assigns, representatives, agents, shareholders, officers, directors, attorneys, and employees, "TD Ameritrade" or the "Company"). We hope that the separation of your employment will occur on an amicable basis. This Agreement describes the terms agreed upon to accomplish these objectives and sets forth the consideration and benefits you shall receive if you sign and do not revoke this Agreement. 
  1.  Advisor Position and Resignation of Employment  . You agree that effective as of the close of business on December 1, 2016 you will resign your employment with TD Ameritrade and your employment with the Company will cease (your "Resignation Date"). However, as of July 28, 2016, you relinquished the title of EVP, Chief Operations Officer, any and all titles and authorities you may have had with respect to TD Ameritrade unless expressly authorized by the CEO and President of TD Ameritrade and agree to render Advisory Services as provided in Section 2 below. You are no longer authorized to incur expenses, obligations or liabilities on behalf of TD Ameritrade unless it is in your role as Advisor and only until the Resignation Date at which time that authorization will be relinquished and you will immediately return to TD Ameritrade all TD Ameritrade property within your possession, including, but not limited to, iPhone, iPad Pro, iPad Air2, MacBook Air, iMac, EX 90; Confidential Information (as defined below), employee badge, and any other items provided to you by the Company during your employment. The termination of your employment shall be represented internally and externally as one by mutual agreement. 
  During your employment with the Company as an Advisor, you will receive the same base salary compensation and remain eligible to participate in the various incentive programs for the Company's fiscal year 2016 as are in effect and applicable to you immediately before your transition to the Advisor role. Accordingly, during such employment period, you will: 
  (a)  continue to receive an annual base salary of $500,000, in accordance with the Company's regular payroll practices; 
  (b)  remain eligible to receive your cash bonus for the Company's fiscal year 2016 (whereby your target bonus opportunity is equal to $1,500,000) under the Company's Management Incentive Plan ("MIP") based on the extent to which performance actually is achieved against the applicable performance goals under the MIP and subject to the terms of the MIP; 

1 

(c)  remain eligible to receive an award under the equity-based bonus portion of the Company's annual incentive plan for the Company's fiscal year 2016 (whereby your target bonus opportunity is equal to $1,500,000), based on the extent to which performance actually is achieved against the applicable performance goals under the Company's annual incentive plan, provided that such award if any will be payable to you in cash and not in the form of an equity award covering shares of the Company's common stock; 
  (d)  continue to receive Company-paid rent allowance with respect to your apartment residence in New York, New York based on the same monthly amount as the Company has paid with respect to such rent on your behalf as per existing practice in effect immediately prior to your transition to the Advisor role (including payment by the Company of certain taxes related to the rent payment), provided that no Company-paid rent allowance will be paid for any periods after November 2016   except as described in Section 4(b) below; and 
  (e)  be granted an award of $1,000,000 in cash in lieu of the restricted stock units having a value of $1,000,000 that otherwise were expected to be granted to you, with the cash payment to be made on October 31, 2016. 
  Any bonuses under clauses (b) and (c) above will be paid to you in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan to which they are subject and at the same time or times as bonuses (if any) under the applicable plan are paid to other participants of that plan. For the sake of clarity, your transition to Advisor for a portion of the bonus year shall not be reflected in any calculations or evaluations under the bonus plans stated in (b) or (c). 
  On or before the next regularly scheduled pay date following your Resignation Date, you will receive a check for all unpaid wages and all accrued but unpaid PTO hours, less deductions authorized by law or by you. Participation in all employee benefit plans maintained by TD Ameritrade will cease as of the Resignation Date. 
  2.  Advisory Services  . You agree to be available to TD Ameritrade until the Resignation Date for the purpose of advising the CEO and President of TD Ameritrade as reasonably requested. During your time as an Advisor, you will not be expected to maintain regular attendance at the Company's offices, but will remain available at mutually agreeable times to render such Advisory Services. You will continue to be an employee of TD Ameritrade until the Resignation Date entitled to compensation (base and bonus) and benefits and pursuant to all the same terms as applied prior to this Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, the terms of Section 1 supersede the role, title and authority previously applicable. 
  3.  Supplemental Release  . In exchange for the Supplemental Release Consideration (as defined below), you agree to execute, within twenty-one (21) days after the Resignation Date, the Supplemental Release Agreement attached hereto as   Exhibit A     (the "Supplemental Release"), which agreement will serve to cover the time period from the Effective Date of this Agreement through the Supplemental Release Effective Date (as defined in the Supplemental Release); provided, however, the Parties agree to modify, in a mutually agreeable manner, the Supplemental Release to comply with any new laws that become applicable prior to the Resignation Date. If you fail to sign the Supplemental Release, such failure shall be deemed to constitute a material breach of this Agreement, entitling the Company to recover the payments provided for in Section 1 above. Further, you understand and agree that you will only be entitled to the consideration set forth in Section 4 if you execute the Supplemental Release within the time allotted in this Section 3 and do not revoke it. 

2 

4.  Supplemental Release Consideration  . Subject to your execution and non-revocation of the Supplemental Release in accordance with Section 3 herein, the Company agrees to the following (collectively, the "Supplemental Release Consideration"): 
           (a) 
    RSU Acceleration  : The Parties acknowledge certain awards of restricted stock units granted to you remain outstanding and unvested as described in   Exhibit B     attached hereto. Subject to compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the execution and non-revocation of the Supplemental Release by you as described in Section 3 above, the vesting of these restricted stock unit awards will accelerate, inclusive of dividend equivalents through the vesting date, to the extent as specified in   Exhibit B  ; 
              (b) 
    Lump Sum Payment  : The Company agrees to make, within thirty (30) days following the Supplemental Release Effective Date (but no later than March 15, 2017), except as may be  required to be delayed pursuant to Section 14 below, a one-time, taxable, lump-sum payment to you in an amount equivalent to the Company-paid rent for your apartment in New York, New York, from December 2016 through the date that the existing lease agreement for the apartment expires in April 2017, based on the same monthly amount as the Company has paid with respect to such rent on your behalf as per existing practice in effect immediately prior to your transition to the Advisor role (including payment by the Company of certain taxes related to the rent payment), less applicable withholding and reportable as income to you under Form W-2; and 
              (c) 
    COBRA  : The Company agrees that to the extent you have medical, dental and vision coverage in place as of your Resignation Date, and/or are participating in the health care reimbursement, limited health care FSA, health savings account and employee assistance programs, such coverage will be continued (collectively, "Continued Health Care") for a period of eighteen (18) months from the Resignation Date under the same terms and conditions applicable to active TD Ameritrade Associates in accordance with COBRA. During the period beginning on your Resignation Date and ending on June 30, 2017, TD Ameritrade will continue paying, on your behalf, its employer portion of the Continued Health Care premiums that you otherwise would be required to pay with respect to any continued participation in the Continued Health Care by you and your eligible dependents, if any, during such period. Except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, you will be responsible for payment of premiums for any Continued Health Care following your Resignation Date with respect to any continued participation therein pursuant to COBRA. 
     5.  Other Payments, Benefits and 401(k)  . Except as provided for above, and your vested rights, if any, in the 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan (participation in which will cease as of your Resignation Date), you will be entitled to no other or further compensation, remuneration, payments or benefits of any kind, including but not limited to company contributions to the 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan, life, disability and medical/dental insurance, and other salary continuation benefits. 
  6.  Release of Claims  . In consideration of the arrangements set forth in this Agreement, and as a material inducement to TD Ameritrade to enter into this Agreement, you, on your own behalf and on behalf of your respective heirs, family members, executors, agents, and assigns, hereby fully and forever release TD Ameritrade and its current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, attorneys, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, divisions, parents, subsidiaries, representatives, predecessors and successor corporations and assigns (collectively, the "Released Parties") from, and agree not to sue, concerning any claim, duty, obligation or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind arising out of or relating to your employment by TD Ameritrade or any other Released Party, or your service as an officer or employee of TD Ameritrade or any other Released Party, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that you may possess arising from any omissions, acts or facts that have 

3 

occurred up until and including the effective date of this Agreement, including, without limitation: (i) any and all claims relating to or arising from your employment with TD Ameritrade or any other Released Party, or the termination of that employment; (ii) any and all claims relating to, or arising from, your right to purchase, or actual purchase of, shares of stock of TD Ameritrade or any other Released Party, including, but not limited to, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law; (iii) any and all claims under the law of any jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, wrongful discharge of employment; constructive discharge from employment; termination in violation of public policy; discrimination; breach of contract, both express and implied; breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied; promissory estoppel; negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress; negligent or intentional misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage; unfair business practices; defamation; libel; slander; negligence; personal injury; assault; battery; invasion of privacy; false imprisonment; and conversion; (iv) any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Fair Labor Standards Act; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Fair Credit Reporting Act; Elliott-Larsen Civil Rights Act, as amended; Michigan Minimum Wage Law of 1964, as amended; Michigan Persons With Disabilities Civil Rights Act, as amended; Michigan Whistle-Blowers' Protection Act; New Jersey Law Against Discrimination; New Jersey Equal Pay Act; New Jersey Conscientious Employee Protection Act; New Jersey Civil Rights Act; New Jersey Family Leave Act; New Jersey State Wage and Hour Law; Millville Dallas Airmotive Plant Job Loss Notification Act; New York Human Rights Law; New York City Human Rights Law; New York Hours of Labor Law; New York Wage Payment Law; New York Minimum Wage Act; New York Whistleblower Law; New York Off-Duty Conduct Lawful Activities Discrimination Law; New York Civil Rights Law; (v) any and all claims for violation of the federal, or any state, constitution; (vi) any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination; (vii) any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the non-withholding or other tax treatment of any of the proceeds received by you as a result of this Release; and (viii) any and all claims for attorney fees and costs. By signing this Agreement, however, you do not release any claims arising after the Resignation Date, any vested rights under any Company-sponsored or administered group employee welfare benefit or 401(k) plan, any rights under this Agreement or any restricted stock agreements, any rights to coverage under any applicable directors and officers liability insurance policy or any indemnification provision provided in the Company bylaws, policies, and or procedures, or any claims that cannot be released as a matter of law. 
  7.  Acknowledgement of Waiver of Claims Under ADEA  . You acknowledge that you are waiving and releasing any rights you may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ("ADEA") and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. You and TD Ameritrade agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the effective date of this Agreement. You acknowledge that the consideration given for this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which you are already entitled. You further acknowledge that you have been advised by this writing that: (i) you should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (ii) you have up to twenty-one (21) days from the date of this Agreement within which to consider this Agreement (the "Review Period"); (iii) you have seven (7) days following your execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement (the "Revocation Period"); (iv) this Agreement, including the ADEA waiver, shall not be effective until the Revocation Period has expired; and (v) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes you from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized  by federal law.   If you have not returned the signed Agreement within the time 

4 

permitted, then the offer of payments and benefits set forth herein will expire by its own terms at such time.      This Agreement shall be effective on the eighth (8th) day after it is signed by you (the "Effective Date"). 
  8.  Unknown Claims  . Because you agree to release all claims, known or unknown, as set forth in Section 6, above, you also agree to expressly waive your rights under any applicable state law (or any analogous law, regulation or common law principle) providing, in words or effect, that a general release does not extend to claims which the releasor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the releasee. 
  9.  Confidential Information  . During your employment with TD Ameritrade, you had access to the company's confidential and proprietary information (collectively, "Confidential Information"). You will continue to abide by the terms of any code of conduct, confidentiality agreement, agreement that contains confidentiality provisions, or agreement relating to the assignment of technology developed or conceived during your employment that you previously signed, including, but not limited to, the non-competition and non-solicitation covenants set forth in the Associate Agreement signed by you on or around March 22,  2011 (the "Associate Agreement"), the Term Sheet signed by you on April 11, 2011 and as amended on December 19, 2012 (the "Term Sheet"), and the Restricted Stock Award Agreements signed by you on November 25, 2014 and November 25, 2015 (the "2014, 2015 Restricted Stock Award Agreements"), all of which agreements you acknowledge will survive the termination of your employment and this Agreement (all together, the "Effective Agreements"). For your reference, those non-competition and non-solicitation provisions are set forth in   Exhibit C     attached hereto; provided, however, that notwithstanding that the parties have agreed to modify Exhibit C as provided therein. You further acknowledge that the term "primary businesses" contained in   Exhibit C     includes robo-advisors and hybrid advisors (dually registered advisors). You additionally agree and acknowledge that upon a breach of the restrictive covenants contained in the Term Sheet or Associate Agreement, TD Ameritrade would suffer irreparable harm and, accordingly, you hereby acknowledge that the issuance of an injunction enjoining you from any violation of this section is an appropriate remedy available to TD Ameritrade. The foregoing remedy of injunction shall be in addition to and not in limitation of any other right or remedy which TD Ameritrade has or may be entitled to, and shall survive the expiration or any termination of this Agreement. You agree and acknowledge that this is a fair and reasonable and is not an unfair penalty. 
  You will not disclose or impart to any other person, directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information which you acquired as an employee, nor will you remove any Confidential Information from any of TD Ameritrade's premises. You will immediately return to TD Ameritrade or confirm the destruction of any Confidential Information that you may have in your possession, including any copies, regardless of the form or media of such Confidential Information. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to prohibit or restrict you in any way from: (i) making any disclosure of information required by law, rule or regulation; (ii) providing information to the Company's legal, compliance, or human resources personnel; (iii) making any disclosure of information in any litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding between you and the Company; or (iv) exercising rights under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, which provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Furthermore, nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to impede, prohibit or restrict you (or your attorney acting on your behalf) from initiating communications directly with, or 

5 

responding to any inquiry from, or providing testimony before, the Securities Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, National Futures Association, and any other self-regulatory organization or any other state or federal regulatory authority, regarding this Agreement or its underlying facts or circumstances, or about a possible violation of securities laws, the Commodities Exchange Act, or employment laws. 
  If you disclose any Confidential Information, TD Ameritrade will be entitled to an injunction and damages. You agree that TD Ameritrade will not have to post a bond if it must sue you to prevent your unauthorized disclosure or continued unauthorized disclosure of any Confidential Information. If you do disclose Confidential Information, your entitlement to any payments or benefits shall immediately cease and be forfeited. For the avoidance of doubt, your employment and compensation related documents are not Confidential Information, nor is any information of a type commonly found on a resume. 
  10.  Detrimental Comments  . You agree that, with deference to any rights that may apply to you pursuant  to The National Labor Relations Act, you will not make any comments or statements to any person, including, without limitation, the press, employees of TD Ameritrade, or any individual or entity with whom TD Ameritrade has a business relationship, if such comment or statement could be likely to adversely affect the conduct of the business of TD Ameritrade, or any of its plans or prospects, or the business or personal reputation of TD Ameritrade or any of the other Released Parties; provided that statements in the course of ordinary competition, if not made with the intent to specifically adversely affect the conduct of the business of TD Ameritrade or other Related Parties, shall not be a violation hereto. TD Ameritrade agrees that it will not make any detrimental comments or statements regarding you or your employment with the Company. The Company's obligations under this Section 11 shall extend only to its executives and members of the Board of Directors and only so long as such board member or executive remains in his or her respective position. The foregoing shall not apply to statements or comments made by you or TD Ameritrade to investigative authorities or legal tribunals. Any inquiries received by TD Ameritrade regarding your employment will be responded to with a neutral reference, identifying solely your position (without reference to Executive Advisor) and dates of employment. 
  11.  Non-Compliance  . Your receipt of the payments and arrangements provided in this Agreement is conditioned upon your compliance with all the provisions of this Agreement, including your agreement not to engage in any prohibited conduct or make any statements that are detrimental to TD Ameritrade or any of the other Released Parties, and your preservation of the confidentiality of Confidential Information. Each of these provisions is material, and if you are held by a fact-finder to have violated any of them, TD Ameritrade may withhold and/or recover any of the monies or benefits paid or agreed to be paid to you, without waiving its right to pursue any other available legal or equitable remedies. 
  12.  Cooperation in Litigation  . You agree to cooperate fully with TD Ameritrade in any matters that have or may result in a legal claim against TD Ameritrade or any of the other Released Parties and of which you may have knowledge as a result of your employment with TD Ameritrade or any of the other Released Parties. This requires you, without limitation, to (a) make yourself available upon reasonable request to provide information and assistance to TD Ameritrade on such matters without additional compensation, except for your out-of-pocket costs, and (b) notify TD Ameritrade promptly of any requests to you for information related to any pending or potential legal claim or litigation involving TD Ameritrade or any of the other Released Parties, reviewing any such request with a designated representative of TD Ameritrade prior to disclosing any such information, and permitting the representative of TD Ameritrade to be present during any communication of such information. Nothing herein is intended to prohibit you from retaining your own attorney to represent you in a matter, provided, however, you agree to first meet with the attorney representing the Company in the matter. If you in your sole discretion make a good faith determination not to use the Company attorney and to engage an attorney of your own choosing, then the 

6 

Company agrees to reimburse you for the reasonable attorney's fees incurred. However, the Company will not pay for such attorney's fees if you are adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction as guilty of, or personally sanctioned by a federal regulatory body as having engaged in wrongdoing against the Company in the matter being investigated or litigated. 
  13.  No Admission  . Neither the offer nor the provision of the payment or benefits shall in any way be construed as an admission by TD Ameritrade or any of the other Released Parties of any wrongful or unlawful act or omission whatsoever against you or any other person; and TD Ameritrade specifically disclaims any liability to you, or wrongful or unlawful act or omission against you, or any other person on the part of itself and the other Released Parties. 
  14.  Tax Consequences  . The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the payment of any sums to you under the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 409A (as defined below). You agree and understand that you alone are responsible for payment, if any, of local, state and/or federal taxes on the sums paid hereunder by the Company and any penalties or assessments thereon. All payments and benefits under this Agreement are subject to applicable tax and other withholdings. You agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any claims, demands, deficiencies, penalties, assessments, executions, judgments, or recoveries by any government agency against the Company for any amounts claimed due on account of your failure to pay federal or state taxes or damages sustained by the Company by reason of any such claims, including reasonable attorneys' fees. 
  It is intended that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any guidance or regulations promulgated thereunder ("Section 409A") so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to so comply. No payment or benefits to be paid to you, if any, pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the "Deferred Payments") will be paid or otherwise provided until you have a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A. If, at the time of termination of your employment, you are a "specified employee" within the meaning of Section 409A, then the payment of the Deferred Payments will be delayed to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, which generally means that you will receive payment on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following termination of employment. The Company reserves the right to amend this letter as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without your consent, to comply with Section 409A or otherwise to avoid income recognition under Section 409A prior to the actual payment of any benefits or imposition of any additional tax, provided that no such amendment shall result in a material reduction in the payments or benefits otherwise owed to you. However, in no event will the Company reimburse you for any taxes imposed on or other costs incurred by you as a result of Section 409A. Each payment and benefit payable hereunder is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
  15.  No Reliance; Complete Agreement; Severability; Governing Law; Amendment  . You acknowledge that you have not relied upon any representation or statement not set forth in this Agreement by any representative of the Released Parties about the contents, basis or effect of this Agreement, or otherwise. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement are unenforceable, that clause will be severed and the balance of the Agreement will be enforceable, except that if Sections 6, 7 or 8 are found to unenforceable, then (a) this entire Agreement will be null and void at TD Ameritrade's option, and (b) you shall return the Payment to TD Ameritrade. This Agreement will be 

7 

interpreted and enforced by the laws of the State of New York. This Agreement may not be changed or modified except by a written instrument signed by you and TD Ameritrade. 
  The Effective Agreements, together with this Agreement, contains our entire agreement and fully supersede any and all prior agreements or understandings between you and any Released Party about the subject matter of this Agreement, but with the exception of the award agreements governing your outstanding equity awards covering shares of the Company's common stock, to the extent not modified by this Agreement, and the Plan;   provided, however,   that (1) to the extent that there is any discrepancy among or between agreements, the terms of this Agreement will control, and (2) all of the policies and agreements applicable to you as an employee remains in full force and effect until the Resignation Date. 
  16.  Protected Activity Not Prohibited  . You understand that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit or prohibit you from engaging for a lawful purpose in any Protected Activity. For purposes of this Agreement, "Protected Activity" shall mean filing a charge or complaint, or otherwise communicating, cooperating, or participating with, any state, federal, or other governmental agency, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the National Labor Relations Board. Notwithstanding any restrictions set forth in this Agreement, you understand that you are not required to obtain authorization from the Company prior to disclosing information to, or communicating with, such agencies, nor are you obligated to advise the Company as to any such disclosures or communications. Notwithstanding, in making any such disclosures or communications, you agree to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that may constitute Company confidential information to any parties other than the relevant government agencies. You further understand that "Protected Activity" does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications, and that any such disclosure without the Company's written consent shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. 
  17.  Death  . In the event that you die after the execution of this Agreement, or are rendered permanently disabled such that you cannot perform the Advisory Services contemplated herein, the Supplemental Release Consideration as outlined in Section 4 of this Agreement and any payments earned under the terms of Section 1 of the Agreement, to the extent not yet paid to you and due and owing, shall be paid to your estate as per the existing payment schedule, subject to this Section 17 and the provisions of this Agreement. The Company may require any administrator or executor of the your estate to furnish (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with applicable laws pertaining to the payment or remainder thereof, to such transferee, and/or (c) to the extent permitted under applicable law, the Company with an effective and irrevocable release of claims on behalf of the estate in a form specified by the Company (but with provisions similar to those in this Agreement). For the purposes of clarity, in the event you forfeit any rights to receive the Supplemental Release Consideration or payments under Section 1 by non-compliance with the terms of this Agreement and such forfeiture has been finally adjudicated or resolved, your estate will have no independent right to all or part of the Separation Payment or any other payments. 

Acknowledgments and Certifications  : 
    
  You acknowledge and certify that you: 
    
  (a)  Have read and fully understand all of the terms of this Agreement and do not rely on any representation or statement, written or oral, not set forth in this Agreement; 
    
           (b) 
    Are signing this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily; 

8 

(c)  Have the right to consider the terms of this Agreement during a twenty-one (21) day Review Period, and if you take fewer than twenty-one (21) days to review this Agreement, you hereby waive any and all rights to the balance of the Review Period; and 
    
  (d)  Have the right to revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days after signing it by notifying TD AMERITRADE in writing delivered to: 
    
  Karen Ganzlin, EVP and CHRO 
  TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation 
  200 South 108th Avenue 
  Omaha, NE 68154 

If you revoke this Agreement during the Revocation Period, it at once becomes null and void in its entirety. 

9 

THIS IS A LEGALLY ENFORCEABLE DOCUMENT. 

To accept the Agreement, please date and sign below and return one copy to: 
    
  Karen Ganzlin, EVP and CHRO 
  TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation 
  200 South 108th Avenue 
  Omaha, NE 68154 
    
  (An extra copy for your files is enclosed.) Sincerely, 
  /s/  KAREN GANZLIN             
  Karen Ganzlin 
  EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 
  TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation 

Accepted and Agreed: 
    
                            Marvin W. Adams 

10 

EXHIBIT A 
    
  SUPPLEMENTAL RELEASE AGREEMENT 
    
  This Supplemental Release Agreement ("Supplemental Release") is made by and between Marvin W. Adams ("Employee") and TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (the "Company") (jointly referred to as the "Parties" and individually referred to as a "Party"). 
  1.  Consideration  . In consideration for the mutual promises and consideration provided both herein and in Section 4 of the Separation Agreement and Release of Claims signed between Employee and the Company on December           , 2016 (the "Separation Agreement"), Employee hereby extends his release and waiver of claims to any claims that may have arisen between the Effective Date (as such term is defined in the Separation Agreement) and the Supplemental Release Effective Date, as defined below. 
  2.  Incorporation of Terms of Release Agreement  . The undersigned Parties further acknowledge that all terms of the Separation Agreement shall apply to this Supplemental Release and are incorporated herein to the extent that they are not inconsistent with the express terms of this Supplemental Release. 
  3.  Supplemental Release Effective Date  . Executive understands that this Supplemental Release shall be null and void if not executed by him within twenty-one (21) days after the Resignation Date. This Supplemental Release will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after Executive signs this Supplemental Release (the "Supplemental Release Effective Date"), so long as the Separation Agreement and the Supplemental Release have both been signed by the Parties and neither has been revoked by either Party before that date. The Company will begin providing the consideration set forth in Section 4 of the Separation Agreement as soon as applicable in accordance with the terms of that agreement. 
  4.  Voluntary Execution of Agreement  . Executive understands and agrees that he executed this Supplemental Release voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of his claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. Executive acknowledges that: 
  (a)  he has read this Supplemental Release; 
  (b)  he cannot sign the Supplemental Release before the Resignation Date, but that he must sign the Supplemental Release no later than twenty-one (21) days following the Resignation Date; 
  (c)  he has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Supplemental Release by legal counsel of his own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel; 
  (d)  he understands the terms and consequences of this Supplemental Release and of the releases it contains; and 
           (e) 
    he is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Supplemental Release. 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Supplemental Release on the respective dates set forth below. 

11 

MARVIN W. ADAMS, an individual 
    
  Dated:        , 2016            
  Marvin W. Adams 

TD AMERITRADE HOLDING CORPORATION 
    
  Dated:        , 2016    By         
  Karen Ganzlin 
   EVP and Chief Human Resources Office 

12 

EXHIBIT B 
    
  November 25, 2014 and November 25, 2015, Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grants  : 
    
  The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the following time-based restricted stock unit awards ("RSU Awards") will remain outstanding following the Resignation Date and, subject to the Supplemental Release becoming effective and irrevocable, as of the Supplemental Release Effective Date: 
           1. 
    The RSU Award granted to you pursuant to the MIP on November 25, 2014, will become fully accelerated so that 49,026 units subject to the RSU Award and 1,446 DEUs outstanding and subject thereto will vest. 
              2. 
    The discretionary RSU Award granted to you on November 25, 2014, will become fully vested so that 29,079 units subject to the RSU Award and 857 DEUs outstanding and subject thereto will vest. 
              3. 
    The RSU Award granted to you pursuant to the MIP on November 25, 2015, will become fully accelerated so that 41,710 units subject to the RSU Award and 501 DEUs outstanding and subject thereto will vest. 
              4. 
    The discretionary RSU Award granted to you on November 25, 2015, will become fully accelerated so that 27,587 units subject to the RSU Award and 331 DEUs outstanding and subject thereto will vest. 
     Any cash, units and DEUs that accelerate vesting as described in this   Exhibit B     will be paid on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the Separation Date. In the event that the Agreement does not become effective within the time period specified in Section 25 of the Agreement, the RSU Awards automatically will be forfeited in their entirety and you no longer will have any rights with respect to the RSU Awards or any cash, units, shares and DEUs subject thereto. 

13 

EXHIBIT C 
    
  NON-COMPETITION OBLIGATIONS 
    
  Continuing Obligations: Executive to remain bound by obligations of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation following termination of employment for any reason pursuant to the following provisions: 
    
  "Non-Competition" means that, for a period of (a) eight (8) months following the Resignation Date or (b) twelve (12) months following termination of Executive's employment prior to the Resignation Date by Executive, or by the Company for cause, Executive will not (without the Company's express consent) engage or participate in any business within the United States (as an owner, partner, stockholder, holder of any other equity interest, or financially as an investor or lender, or in any capacity calling for the rendition of personal services or acts of management, operation or control) which is engaged in any activities and for any business competitive with any of the primary businesses conducted by the Company or any of its Affiliates. The term "primary businesses" is defined as an online brokerage business, including active trader and long term investor client segments, and also includes any such other business formally proposed to be conducted by the Company during the twelve (12) month period prior to Executive's date of termination (collectively a "Competitive Business"). Provided that this restriction will not restrict Executive from being employed by or consulting with a business, firm, corporation, partnership or other entity that owns or operates a Competitive Business, provided that (i) the Competitive Business is de minimis as compared to its core business in terms of revenue and/or resources, and (ii) Executive's involvement with the company excludes, directly or indirectly, the Competitive business during the relevant non-competition period. 
  Non-Disclosure of "Confidential Information," "Rights to Work Product" and "Non-Solicitation" shall have the meanings set forth in the Associate Agreement. 
  Your non-competition and non-solicitation obligations under the "2013, 2014, 2015 Restricted Stock Award Agreements": 
  Non-solicitation and Non-competition. The receipt of any Shares pursuant to this award will be subject to the Grantee (i) for the period of his employment with the Company and for a period of twenty-four (24) months after the termination of his employment with the Company, not directly or indirectly soliciting customers of the Company in an attempt to have such customers cease their relationship with the Company or soliciting any employee of the Company for employment with any employer other than the Company; and (ii) for the period of his or her employment with the Company and for a period of (a) eight (8) months following the Resignation Date or (b) twelve (12) months after the termination of his employment with the Company prior to the Resignation Date by the Grantee, or by the Company for cause, not directly or indirectly engaging in, having any ownership interest in or participating in any entity which is engaged in any activities and for any business competitive with any of the primary businesses  conducted by the Company or any of its Affiliates. The term "primary businesses" is defined as an online brokerage business, including active trader and long term investor client segments, and also includes any such other business formally proposed to be conducted by the Company during the twelve (12) month period prior to the Grantee's date of termination. To the extent the Grantee has violated any term and condition of this paragraph 14, the Restricted Stock Units prior to settlement shall be forfeited pursuant to paragraph 7 and if Shares of Company Stock have already been issued to the Grantee, then the Grantee shall be required to either return the Shares or forfeit any gain recognized by the Grantee from the sale of such Shares. 

14 

Capitalized terms not defined herein and any section references are as defined or set forth, respectively, in the applicable agreement pursuant to which the provisions above are excerpted. 

15 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-12>
 4
 amtd_20160930xex12.htm
 EXHIBIT 12

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 12 

(1) Interest on borrowings includes amortization of capitalized debt issuance costs. 
  (2) Because interest expense incurred in connection with brokerage activities is completely offset by brokerage interest revenue, the Company considers such interest to be a reduction of net revenues.  Accordingly, the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, excluding brokerage interest expense, reflects the elimination of such interest expense from fixed charges. 

</EX-12>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 amtd_20160930xex211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
    
                   Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
      Subsidiary 
      
    State or Other Jurisdiction of Domicile 
      Ameritrade International Company 
      
    Cayman Islands 
      Amerivest Investment Management, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Datek Online Management Corp. 
      
    Delaware 
      Financial Passport, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Investools Inc. 
      
    Utah 
      TD Ameritrade Asia (HK) Limited 
      
    Hong Kong 
      TD Ameritrade Asia Pte. Ltd. 
      
    Singapore 
      TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc. 
      
    Nebraska 
      TD Ameritrade Futures   Forex LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      TD Ameritrade, Inc. 
      
    New York 
      TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      TD Ameritrade Online Holdings Corp. 
      
    Delaware 
      TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc. 
      
    Delaware* 
      TD Ameritrade Trust Company 
      
    Maine 
      TD Waterhouse Canadian Call Center, Inc. 
      
    Ontario 
      Ten Bagger Inc. 
      
    Nevada 
      ThinkTech, Inc. 
      
    Delaware** 
      myTrade, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      TradeBridge, Inc. 
      
    Maryland 
      TradeWise Advisors, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      The Insurance Agency of TD Ameritrade, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      * In Texas this entity does business as Ameritrade Support Services Corporation 
      ** In Texas this entity does business as T2 Technology Support, Inc. 

Unless otherwise noted, each subsidiary does business under its actual name. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 amtd_20160930xex231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation: 
        of our reports dated   November 18, 2016  , with respect to the consolidated financial statements of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation for the year ended September 30,   2016  .          
  /s/ ERNST   YOUNG LLP 
  Chicago, Illinois 
  November 18, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 amtd_20160930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Tim Hockey, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 
     (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   November 18, 2016 
                   
    /  S  / TIM HOCKEY 
        
    Tim Hockey 
        
    President, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 amtd_20160930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Stephen J. Boyle, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 
     (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   November 18, 2016       
                   
    /s/ STEPHEN J. BOYLE 
        
    Stephen J. Boyle 
        
    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 amtd_20160930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  The undersigned hereby certify that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,   2016   filed by TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation.    

Dated: 
    November 18, 2016 
      
    /s/ TIM HOCKEY 

Tim Hockey 

President, Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:  
    November 18, 2016 
      
    /s/ STEPHEN J. BOYLE 

Stephen J. Boyle 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 amtd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 amtd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 amtd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 amtd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 amtd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 amtd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

