<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1574596_0001574596-16-000221_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6852632</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127484</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>431215</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2345026</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2802381</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1003046</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001574596-16-000221.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104172645
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001574596-16-000221
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Home Co Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				270560089
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36283
		FILM NUMBER:		161976065

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 ENTERPRISE STE 450
		CITY:			ALISO VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92656
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9493827800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 ENTERPRISE STE 450
		CITY:			ALISO VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92656

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Home Co LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130417

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001574596-16-000221.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 nwhm10-q_q3x16.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) 
   
 For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   or 

For the transition period from ______to ______ 

The New Home Company Inc. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware 
      
    27-0560089 
      (State or other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

85 Enterprise, Suite 450 
  Aliso Viejo, California 92656 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code (949) 382-7800 
                     
    Not Applicable 
      
      (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                             Large accelerated filer 
      
    Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Accelerated filer 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  Registrant s shares of common stock outstanding as of November 2, 2016:   20,711,952    

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  INDEX 

Page 
  Number 
        
      PART I  Financial Information 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    3 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
    5 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    24 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    37 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    38 
        
      Part II   Other Information 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    39 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    39 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    39 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    39 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    39 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    39 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    40 

Signatures  
    41 

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
                 Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC. 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

  See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.    Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Organization 
    
  The New Home Company Inc. (the  Company ), a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries are primarily engaged in all aspects of residential real estate development, including acquiring land and designing, constructing and selling homes in California and Arizona. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring entries) necessary for the fair presentation of our results for the interim period presented. Results for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.  
    
  Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms  we ,  us ,  our  and  the Company  refer to the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and notes. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
    
  Reclassifications 
    
            Certain items in prior year condensed financial statements related to capitalized selling and marketing expenses have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation.  Effective January 1, 2016, these costs were amortized to selling and marketing expenses rather than cost of home sales in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  Effective July 1, 2016, capitalized selling and marketing costs were reclassified to other assets from real estate inventories in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Prior year periods have been reclassified to conform.  Please see "Selling and Marketing Expense" below for more information.   
    
  Segment Reporting 
    
  Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 280,   Segment Reporting   ( ASC 280 ) established standards for the manner in which public enterprises report information about operating segments. In accordance with ASC 280, we have determined that our homebuilding division and our fee building division are our operating segments. Corporate is a non-operating segment. 
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  We define cash and cash equivalents as cash on hand, demand deposits with financial institutions, and short term liquid investments with a maturity date of less than three months from the date of purchase. 
    
  Restricted Cash 
    
  Restricted cash of   $1.0 million   and   $0.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, is held in accounts for payments of subcontractor costs incurred in connection with various fee building projects. 
    
  Real Estate Inventories and Cost of Sales 
    
  We capitalize pre-acquisition, land, development and other allocated costs, including interest, property taxes and indirect construction costs.  Pre-acquisition costs, including non-refundable land deposits, are expensed to other expense, net if we determine continuation of the prospective project is not probable.  

7 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Land, development and other common costs are typically allocated to real estate inventories using a methodology that approximates the relative-sales-value method. Home construction costs per production phase are recorded using the specific identification method. Cost of sales for homes closed includes the estimated total construction costs of each home at completion and an allocation of all applicable land acquisition, land development and related common costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) based upon the relative-sales-value of the home within each project. Changes in estimated development and common costs are allocated prospectively to remaining homes in the project. 
    
  In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 360,   Property, Plant and Equipment   ( ASC 360 ), inventory is stated at cost, unless the carrying amount is determined not to be recoverable, in which case inventory is written down to its fair value. We review each real estate asset on a periodic basis or whenever indicators of impairment exist. Real estate assets include projects actively selling and projects under development or held for future development. Indicators of impairment include, but are not limited to, significant decreases in local housing market values and selling prices of comparable homes, significant decreases in gross margins and sales absorption rates, costs significantly in excess of budget, and actual or projected cash flow losses. 
    
  If there are indicators of impairment, we perform a detailed budget and cash flow review of the applicable real estate inventories to determine whether the estimated remaining undiscounted future cash flows of the project are more or less than the asset s carrying value. If the undiscounted estimated future cash flows are more than the asset s carrying value, no impairment adjustment is required. However, if the undiscounted estimated future cash flows are less than the asset s carrying value, the asset is deemed impaired and is written down to its fair value. 
    
  When estimating undiscounted estimated future cash flows of a project, we make various assumptions, including: (i) expected sales prices and sales incentives to be offered, including the number of homes available, pricing and incentives being offered by us or other builders in other projects, and future sales price adjustments based on market and economic trends; (ii) expected sales pace and cancellation rates based on local housing market conditions, competition and historical trends; (iii) costs expended to date and expected to be incurred including, but not limited to, land and land development costs, home construction costs, interest costs, indirect construction and overhead costs, and selling and marketing costs; (iv) alternative product offerings that may be offered that could have an impact on sales pace, sales price and/or building costs; and (v) alternative uses for the property. 
    
  Many assumptions are interdependent and a change in one may require a corresponding change to other assumptions. For example, increasing or decreasing sales absorption rates has a direct impact on the estimated per unit sales price of a home, the level of time sensitive costs (such as indirect construction, overhead and carrying costs), and selling and marketing costs (such as model maintenance costs and advertising costs). Depending on the underlying objective of the project, assumptions could have a significant impact on the projected cash flow analysis. For example, if our objective is to preserve operating margins, our cash flow analysis will be different than if the objective is to increase the velocity of sales. These objectives may vary significantly from project to project and over time. If assets are considered impaired, the amount of the impairment is determined by the amount the asset s carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows discounted for inherent risks associated with real estate assets. These discounted cash flows are impacted by: expected risk based on estimated land development; construction and delivery timelines; market risk of price erosion; uncertainty of development or construction cost increases; and other risks specific to the asset or market conditions where the asset is located when assessment is made. These factors are specific to each project and may vary among projects. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   no   impairment adjustments relating to homebuilding real estate inventories were recorded.  
    
  Capitalization of Interest 
    
  We follow the practice of capitalizing interest to real estate inventories during the period of development and to investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, when applicable, in accordance with ASC 835,   Interest   ( ASC 835 ). Interest capitalized as a component of cost of real estate inventories is included in cost of home sales as related homes or lots are sold. To the extent interest is capitalized to investment in unconsolidated joint ventures, it is included as a reduction of income from unconsolidated joint ventures when the related homes or lots are sold to third parties. To the extent our debt exceeds our qualified assets as defined in ASC 835, we expense a portion of the interest incurred by us. Qualified assets represent projects that are actively selling or under development as well as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for under the equity method until such equity investees begin their principal operations. 

8 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Revenue Recognition 
    
  Home Sales and Profit Recognition 
    
  In accordance with ASC 360, revenues from home sales and other real estate sales are recorded and a profit is recognized when the respective homes are closed under the full accrual method. Home sales and other real estate sales are closed when all conditions of escrow are met, including delivery of the home or other real estate asset, title passes, appropriate consideration is received and collection of associated receivables, if any, is reasonably assured. Sales incentives are a reduction of revenues when the respective home is closed. When it is determined that the earnings process is not complete, the sale and related profit are deferred for recognition in future periods. The profit we record is based on the calculation of cost of sales, which is dependent on our allocation of costs, as described in more detail above in the section entitled  Real Estate Inventories and Cost of Sales.  
    
  Fee Building 
    
  The Company enters into fee building agreements to provide services whereby it builds homes on behalf of independent third-party property owners. The independent third-party property owner funds all project costs incurred by the Company to build and sell the homes. The Company primarily enters into cost plus fee contracts where it charges independent third-party property owners for all direct and indirect costs plus a negotiated management fee. For these types of contracts, the Company recognizes revenue based on the actual total costs it has expended plus the applicable management fee. The management fee is typically a fixed fee based on a percentage of the cost or home sales revenue of the project depending on the terms of the agreement with the independent third-party property owner. In accordance with ASC 605,   Revenue Recognition   ( ASC 605 ), revenues from fee building services are recognized using a cost-to-cost approach in applying the percentage-of-completion method. Under this approach, revenue is earned in proportion to total costs incurred, divided by total costs expected to be incurred. The total estimated cost plus the management fee represents the total contract value. The Company recognizes revenue based on the actual labor and other direct costs incurred, plus the portion of the management fee it has earned to date. In the course of providing its services, the Company routinely subcontracts for services and incurs other direct costs on behalf of the property owners. These costs are passed through to the property owners and, in accordance with industry practice and GAAP, are included in the Company s revenue and cost of revenue. The Company recognizes revenue for any incentive compensation when such financial thresholds are probable of being met and such compensation is deemed to be collectible, generally at the date the amount is communicated to us by the independent third-party property owner. 
    
  The Company also enters into fee building and management contracts with third parties and its unconsolidated joint ventures where it provides construction supervision services, as well as sales and marketing services, and does not bear financial risks for any services provided. In accordance with ASC 605, revenues from these services are recognized over a proportional performance method or completed performance method. Under ASC 605, revenue is earned as services are provided in proportion to total services expected to be provided to the customer or on a straight line basis if the pattern of performance cannot be determined.  Costs are recognized as incurred. Revenue recognition for any portion of the fees earned from these services that are contingent upon a financial threshold or specific event is deferred until the threshold is achieved or the event occurs. 
    
  The Company s fee building revenues have historically been concentrated with a small number of customers. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   one   customer comprised   97%  ,   95%  ,   88%   and   92%   of fee building revenue, respectively.  The balance of the fee building revenues represented management fees earned from unconsolidated joint ventures.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   one   customer comprised   91%   and   74%   of contracts and accounts receivable, respectively. 
    
  Variable Interest Entities 
    
  The Company accounts for variable interest entities in accordance with ASC 810,   Consolidation   ( ASC 810 ). Under ASC 810, a variable interest entity ( VIE ) is created when: (a) the equity investment at risk in the entity is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by other parties, including the equity holders; (b) the entity s equity holders as a group either (i) lack the direct or indirect ability to make decisions about the entity, (ii) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity or (iii) do not have the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity; or (c) the entity s equity holders have voting rights that are not proportionate to their economic interests, and the activities of the entity involve or are conducted on behalf of the equity holder with disproportionately few voting rights. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE pursuant to ASC 810, the enterprise that has both (i) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the  
  
   9 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

entity or right to receive benefits from the entity that could be potentially significant to the VIE is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. 
    
  Under ASC 810, a non-refundable deposit paid to an entity may be deemed to be a variable interest that will absorb some or all of the entity s expected losses if they occur. Our land purchase and lot option deposits generally represent our maximum exposure to the land seller if we elect not to purchase the optioned property. In some instances, we may also expend funds for due diligence, development and construction activities with respect to optioned land prior to takedown. Such costs are classified as real estate inventories, which we would have to write off should we not exercise the option. Therefore, whenever we enter into a land option or purchase contract with an entity and make a non-refundable deposit, a VIE may have been created. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company concluded that some of its joint ventures were VIEs. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company was not required to consolidate any VIEs.  In accordance with ASC 810, we perform ongoing reassessments of whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE. 
    
  Noncontrolling Interest 
    
  During 2013, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with a third-party property owner.  In accordance with ASC 810, the Company analyzed this arrangement and determined that it was not a VIE; however, the Company determined it was required to consolidate the joint venture as the Company has a controlling financial interest with the powers to direct the major decisions of the entity.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the third-party investor had an equity balance of   $0.1 million   and   $0.9 million  , respectively.  
    
  Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
    
  We first analyze our homebuilding and land development joint ventures to determine if they are VIEs under the provisions of ASC 810 when determining whether the entity should be consolidated. If we conclude that our homebuilding and land development joint ventures are not VIEs, then, in accordance with the provisions of ASC 810, limited partnerships or similar entities must be further evaluated to determine if the Company has a controlling interest through (1) the ability to dissolve or liquidate the entity, or kick-out the other member/partner without cause, or (2) substantive participatory rights that are exercised in the ordinary course of business and therefore must consolidate the entity.  
    
  As noted above, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company concluded that some of its joint ventures were VIEs.  The Company concluded that it was not the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entities and accounted for these entities under the equity method of accounting. 
    
  Investments in our unconsolidated joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, we recognize our proportionate share of earnings and losses generated by the joint venture upon the delivery of lots or homes to third parties. Our proportionate share of intra-entity profits and losses are eliminated until the related asset has been sold by the unconsolidated joint venture to third parties.  We classify cash distributions received from equity method investees using the cumulative earnings approach as defined in ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flow (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.    Our ownership interests in our unconsolidated joint ventures vary, but are generally less than or equal to   35%  . The accounting policies for our unconsolidated joint ventures are generally consistent with those of the Company. 
    
  We review real estate inventory held by our unconsolidated joint ventures for impairment, consistent with our real estate inventories. We also review our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures for evidence of other-than-temporary declines in value. To the extent we deem any portion of our investment in unconsolidated joint ventures as not recoverable, we impair our investment accordingly. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   no   impairments related to investment in unconsolidated joint ventures were recorded. 
    
  The Company selectively provides loan-to-value ( LTV ) maintenance agreements and completion guaranties for debt held by its unconsolidated joint ventures.  Such arrangements facilitate the financing of our joint ventures' development projects and arise in the ordinary course of business. Refer to Note 10 for more information discussing the LTV maintenance agreements and completion guaranties. 

10 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Selling and Marketing Expense 
    
  Selling and marketing costs incurred to sell real estate projects are capitalized if they are reasonably expected to be recovered from the sale of the project or from incidental operations, and are incurred for tangible assets that are used directly through the selling period to aid in the sale of the project or services that have been performed to obtain regulatory approval of sales.  These capitalizable selling and marketing costs include, but are not limited to, model home design, model home decor and landscaping, and sales office/design studio setup.  Effective January 1, 2016, these costs were amortized to selling and marketing expenses rather than cost of home sales.  Prior year periods have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation.  The reclassification caused homebuilding gross margin to increase by approximately   $1.1 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively, during the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015, or   2.0%   and   2.0%   of home sales revenue, respectively, and a corresponding increase to selling and marketing expenses by the same amount.  All other selling and marketing costs, such as commissions and advertising, are expensed in the period incurred and included in selling and marketing expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  Effective July 1, 2016, these capitalized costs were reclassified to other assets from real estate inventories.  Prior year periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation including   $9.3 million   reclassified from real estate inventories to other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015.  
    
  Warranty Accrual 
    
  We offer warranties on our homes that generally cover various defects in workmanship or materials, or structural construction defects for one-year periods.  Estimated future direct warranty costs are accrued and charged to cost of sales in the period when the related homebuilding revenues are recognized.  Amounts are accrued based upon the Company s historical rates.  In addition, the Company has received warranty payments from third-party property owners for certain of its fee building projects that have since been closed-out where the Company has the contractual risk of construction.  These payments are recorded as warranty accruals.  We assess the adequacy of our warranty accrual on a quarterly basis and adjust the amounts recorded if necessary.  Our warranty accrual is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and adjustments to our warranty accrual are recorded through cost of sales. 
    
  Contracts and Accounts Receivable 
    
  Contracts and accounts receivable primarily represent the fees earned, but not collected, and reimbursable project costs incurred in connection with fee building agreements. The Company periodically evaluates the collectability of its contracts receivable, and, if it is determined that a receivable might not be fully collectible, an allowance is recorded for the amount deemed uncollectible. This allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated based on management s evaluation of the contracts involved and the financial condition of its customers. Factors considered in such evaluations include, but are not limited to: (i) customer type; (ii) historical contract performance; (iii) historical collection and delinquency trends; (iv) customer credit worthiness; and (v) general economic conditions.  In addition to contracts receivable, escrow receivables are included in contracts and accounts receivable in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   no   allowance was recorded related to contracts and accounts receivable. 
    
  Property and Equipment 
    
  Property and equipment are recorded at cost and included in other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives ranging from three to five years. Leasehold improvements are stated at cost and are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of either their estimated useful lives or the term of the lease. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC 740,   Income Taxes   ( ASC 740 ).  The consolidated provision for, or benefit from, income taxes is calculated using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.  
  Deferred tax assets are evaluated on a quarterly basis to determine if adjustments to the valuation allowance are required. In accordance with ASC 740, we assess whether a valuation allowance should be established based on the consideration of all available evidence using a  more likely than not  standard with respect to whether deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends primarily on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in  
  
   11 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

which the differences become deductible. The value of our deferred tax assets will depend on applicable income tax rates. Judgment is required in determining the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements and/or tax returns. Differences between anticipated and actual outcomes of these future tax consequences could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  ASC 740 defines the methodology for recognizing the benefits of uncertain tax return positions as well as guidance regarding the measurement of the resulting tax benefits.  These provisions require an enterprise to recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%), based on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination.  In addition, these provisions provide guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.  The evaluation of whether a tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold requires a substantial degree of judgment by management based on the individual facts and circumstances.  Actual results could differ from estimates.  
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  We account for share-based awards in accordance with ASC 718,   Compensation   Stock Compensation   ( ASC 718 ) and ASC 505-50,   Equity   Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees   ( ASC 505-50 ). 
    
  ASC 718 requires that the cost resulting from all share-based payment transactions be recognized in a company's financial statements. ASC 718 requires all entities to apply a fair-value-based measurement method in accounting for share-based payment transactions with employees except for equity instruments held by employee share ownership plans. 
    
  On June 26, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement that transitioned Joseph Davis' role within the Company from Chief Investment Officer to a non-employee consultant to the Company. Per the agreement, Mr. Davis' outstanding restricted stock units and stock option equity awards will continue to vest in accordance with their original terms. Under ASC 505-50, if an employee becomes a non-employee and continues to vest in an award pursuant to the award's original terms, that award will be treated as an award to a non-employee prospectively, provided the individual is required to continue providing services to the employer (such as consulting services). Based on the terms and conditions of Mr. Davis' consulting agreement noted above, we account for Mr. Davis' share-based awards in accordance with ASC 505-50. 
    
  ASC 505-50 requires that Mr. Davis' award be accounted for prospectively, such that the fair value of the award will be re-measured at each reporting date until the earlier of (a) the performance commitment date or (b) the date the services required under the transition agreement with Mr. Davis have been completed. ASC 505-50 requires that compensation cost ultimately recognized in the Company's financial statements be the sum of (a) the compensation cost recognized during the period of time the individual was an employee (based on the grant-date fair value) plus (b) the fair value of the award determined on the measurement date determined in accordance with ASC 505-50 for the pro-rata portion of the vesting period in which the individual was a non-employee. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  The Company qualifies as an  emerging growth company  pursuant to the provisions of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ). Section 102 of the JOBS Act provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. As previously disclosed, the Company has chosen, irrevocably, to  opt out  of such extended transition period, and as a result, will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes existing accounting literature relating to how and when a company recognizes revenue.  Under ASU 2014-09, a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  , which delayed the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year.  As a result, for public companies, ASU 2014-09 will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and is to be applied either with a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach, with early application permitted, but not before the original effective date.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

12 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)   ( ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 will require organizations that lease assets (referred to as  lessees ) to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases.  Under ASU 2016-02, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months.  Lessor accounting remains substantially similar to current GAAP.  In addition, disclosures of leasing activities are to be expanded to include qualitative along with specific quantitative information.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU 2016-02 mandates a modified retrospective transition method.  This guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ).  ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 

2.    Computation of Earnings Per Share 
  The following table sets forth the components used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

13 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3.    Contracts and Accounts Receivable 
  Contracts and accounts receivable consist of the following: 

Billed contracts receivable represent amounts billed to customers that have yet to be collected.  Unbilled contracts receivable represents the contract revenue recognized but not yet billable pursuant to contract terms or administratively not invoiced.  All unbilled receivables as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are expected to be billed and collected within 90 days.  Accounts payable at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   includes   $17.9 million   and   $16.7 million  , respectively, related to costs incurred under the Company s fee building contracts. 

4.    Real Estate Inventories and Capitalized Interest 
  Real estate inventories are summarized as follows: 

All of our deposits and pre-acquisition costs are non-refundable, except for   $0.1 million   and   $0.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  Land held and land under development includes costs incurred during site development such as land, development, indirects, and permits.  Homes completed or under construction and model homes (except for capitalized selling and marketing costs, which have been classified in other assets) include all costs associated with home construction, including land, development, indirects, permits, materials and labor.    
  
   14 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest is capitalized to inventory during development and other qualifying activities.  Interest capitalized as a cost of inventory is included in cost of sales as related homes are closed.  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   interest incurred, capitalized and expensed was as follows: 

5.    Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had ownership interests in   13   and   14  , respectively, unconsolidated joint ventures with ownership percentages that generally range from   5%   to   35%  . The condensed combined balance sheets for our unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for under the equity method are as follows: 

15 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The condensed combined statements of operations for our unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for under the equity method are as follows: 

The Company has entered into agreements with its unconsolidated joint ventures to provide management services related to the underlying projects (collectively referred to as the  Management Agreements ). Pursuant to the Management Agreements, the Company receives a management fee from its unconsolidated joint ventures based on each project's revenues.  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company earned   $1.5 million  ,   $6.3 million  ,   $3.3 million   and   $8.4 million  , respectively, in management fees, which have been recorded as fee building revenues in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  During June 2016, our LR8 Investors LLC unconsolidated joint venture (LR8) made its final distributions, allocated   $0.5 million   of income to the Company from a reduction in reserves, and our outside equity partner exited the joint venture.  Upon the change in control, we were required to consolidate this venture as a wholly owned subsidiary, and the Company assumed the cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, including warranty reserve, of the joint venture.  In accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations  , we remeasured the assets and liabilities at fair value at the time of consolidation and recognized a gain of   $1.1 million  , which is included in equity in net income of unconsolidated joint ventures in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

6.    Other Assets 
  Other assets consist of the following:  

Effective July 1, 2016, capitalized selling and marketing costs were reclassified to other assets from real estate inventories in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Prior year periods have been reclassified to conform.  These costs will continue to be amortized through selling and marketing expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

16 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

7.    Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
  Accrued expenses and other liabilities consist of the following: 

Changes in our warranty accrual are detailed in the table set forth below:  

During the third quarter of 2016, we recorded an adjustment of   $1.1 million   to our warranty accrual primarily due to lower than expected warranty related expenditures. The corresponding adjustment was included as a reduction to cost of home sales in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

17 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

8.    Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and Other Notes Payable 
  Notes payable consisted of the following: 

We have a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) with a bank group.  In May 2016, we increased the commitment under the Credit Facility from   $200 million   to   $260 million   with an accordion feature that allows borrowings thereunder to be increased up to an aggregate of   $350 million   and extended the maturity date by one year to April 30, 2019. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $229.9 million   outstanding under the credit facility and   $30.1 million   in availability.  We may repay advances at any time without premium or penalty.  Interest is payable monthly and is charged at a rate of 1-month LIBOR plus a margin ranging from   2.25%   to   3.00%   depending on the Company s leverage ratio as calculated at the end of each fiscal quarter.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate under the Credit Facility was   3.28%  .  Pursuant to the Credit Facility, the Company is required to maintain certain financial covenants as defined in the Credit Facility, including (i) a minimum tangible net worth; (ii) leverage ratios; (iii) a minimum liquidity covenant; and (iv) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio based on EBITDA (as detailed in the Credit Facility) to interest incurred.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants.  
  The Company has a note payable to a land seller, secured by real estate, which bears interest at   7.0%   per annum.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding balance of the loan was   $4.0 million   and matures on the earlier of (i) 10 days following entitlement approval, or (ii) December 15, 2016.  Interest is payable monthly and the remaining principal is due at maturity.  

9.    Fair Value Disclosures 
  ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  , defines fair value as the price that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at measurement date and requires assets and liabilities carried at fair value to be classified and disclosed in the following three categories:  
                   
    Level 1   Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets 
        
    Level 2   Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are inactive; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets at measurement date 
        
    Level 3   Valuations derived from techniques where one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable in active markets at measurement date 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
  The accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets include the following financial instruments: cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, contracts and accounts receivable, due from affiliates, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, due to affiliates, unsecured revolving credit facility and other notes payable. 
  The Company considers the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, contracts and accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses and other liabilities to approximate the fair value of these financial instruments based on the short duration between origination of the instruments and their expected realization. The fair value of amounts due from affiliates and due to affiliates is not determinable due to the related party nature of such amounts.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of the Company's unsecured revolving credit facility and other notes payable approximated the carrying value. The Company has determined that its unsecured revolving credit facility and other notes payable are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy.  The estimated fair value of the outstanding revolving credit facility balance at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   approximated the carrying value due to the short-term nature of LIBOR contracts.  The estimated  fair value of other notes payable at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was based on a cash flow model discounted at market interest rates that considered underlying risks of the debt. 
  
   18 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Non-Recurring Fair Value Adjustments  
  Nonfinancial assets and liabilities include items such as inventory and long-lived assets that are measured at cost when acquired and adjusted for impairment to fair value, if deemed necessary.  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company did not record any fair value adjustments to those nonfinancial assets and liabilities remeasured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.  

10.    Commitments and Contingencies 
  The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits related to its normal course of business.  We record a reserve for potential legal claims and regulatory matters when they are probable of occurring and a potential loss is reasonably estimable.  We accrue for these matters based on facts and circumstances specific to each matter and revise these estimates when necessary.  
  In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting outcomes of legal claims and related contingencies, we generally cannot predict their ultimate resolution, related timing or eventual loss.  If our evaluations indicate loss contingencies that could be material are not probable, but are reasonably possible, we will disclose their nature with an estimate of possible range of losses or a statement that such loss is not reasonably estimable.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company did not have any accruals for asserted or unasserted matters. 
  As an owner and developer of real estate, the Company is subject to various environmental laws of federal, state and local governments.  The Company is not aware of any environmental liability that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.  However, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, the uses and conditions of real estate in the vicinity of the Company s real estate and other environmental conditions of which the Company is unaware with respect to the real estate could result in future environmental liabilities.  
             The Company has provided credit enhancements in connection with joint venture borrowings in the form of LTV maintenance agreements in order to secure the joint venture's performance under the loans and maintenance of certain LTV ratios. The Company has also entered into agreements with its partners in each of the unconsolidated joint ventures whereby the Company and its partners are apportioned liability under the LTV maintenance agreements according to their respective capital interest. In addition, the agreements provide the Company, to the extent its partner has an unpaid liability under such credit enhancements, the right to receive distributions from the unconsolidated joint venture that would otherwise be made to the partner.  However, there is no guarantee that such distributions will be made or will be sufficient to cover the share of the liability apportioned to us.  The loans underlying the LTV maintenance agreements comprise acquisition and development loans, construction revolvers and model home loans, and the agreements remain in force until the loans are satisfied.  Due to the nature of the loans, the outstanding balance at any given time is subject to a number of factors including the status of site improvements, the mix of horizontal and vertical development underway, the timing of phase build outs, and the period necessary to complete the escrow process for homebuyers.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $81.7 million   and   $74.1 million  , respectively, was outstanding under the loans and credit enhanced by the Company through LTV maintenance agreements.  Under the terms of the joint venture agreements, the Company's proportionate share of LTV maintenance agreement liabilities was   $12.0 million   and   $22.5 million  , respectively, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  In addition, the Company has provided completion guaranties regarding specific performance for certain projects whereby the Company is required to complete the given project with funds provided by the beneficiary of the guaranty.  If there are not adequate funds available under the specific project loans, the Company would then be subject to financial liability under such completion guaranties.  Typically, under such terms of the joint venture agreements, the Company has the right to apportion the respective share of any costs funded under such completion guaranties to its partners.  However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to recover against our partners for such amounts owed to us under the terms of such joint venture agreements. 
  We obtain surety bonds in the normal course of business to ensure completion of certain infrastructure improvements of our projects.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had outstanding surety bonds totaling   $48.2 million   and   $33.6 million  , respectively.  The estimated remaining costs to complete such improvements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were   $15.5 million   and   $17.0 million  , respectively.  The beneficiaries of the bonds are various municipalities and other organizations.  In the event that any such surety bond issued by a third party is called because the required improvements are not completed, the Company could be obligated to reimburse the issuer of the bond. 
  On May 6, 2015, the Company entered into a letter of credit facility agreement that allows the Company and certain affiliated unconsolidated joint ventures to issue up to   $5.0 million   in letters of credit.  The agreement includes an option to increase this amount to   $7.5 million  , subject to certain conditions.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our affiliated unconsolidated joint ventures had   $3.6 million   in outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility. 

19 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11  .    Related Party Transactions 
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company incurred construction-related costs on behalf of its unconsolidated joint ventures totaling   $2.6 million  ,   $7.0 million  ,   $2.8 million   and   $8.6 million  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $0.3 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, are included in due from affiliates in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  The Company has entered into Management Agreements with its unconsolidated joint ventures to provide management services related to the underlying projects. Pursuant to the Management Agreements, the Company receives a management fee based on each project s revenues. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company earned   $1.5 million  ,   $6.3 million  ,   $3.3 million   and   $8.4 million  , respectively, in management fees, which have been recorded as fee building revenue in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $0.2 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively, of management fees are included in due from affiliates in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  One member of the Company's board of directors beneficially owns more than   10%   of the Company's outstanding common stock through an affiliated entity and is also affiliated with an entity that has investments in   two   of the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company's investment in these   two   unconsolidated joint ventures totaled   $10.2 million  . 
  TL Fab LP, an affiliate of Paul Heeschen, one of the Company's non-employee directors, was engaged by the Company and some of its unconsolidated joint ventures as a trade contractor to provide metal fabrication services.  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company incurred   $32,000  ,   $0.2 million  ,   $0  ,   $0.1 million  , respectively, for these services.  The Company's unconsolidated joint ventures incurred   $0.1 million  ,   $0.5 million  ,   $0.3 million   and    $0.7 million  , respectively, for these services.  Of these costs,   $18,000   and   $0   was due to TL Fab LP from the Company at    September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and    $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   was due to TL Fab LP from the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Company may enter into agreements to purchase lots from unconsolidated land development joint ventures of which it is a member.  In accordance with  ASC 360-20,   Property, Plant and Equipment - Real Estate Sales   ("ASC 360-20"), the Company will defer its portion of the underlying gain from the joint venture's sale of these lots.  When the Company purchases lots directly from the joint venture, the deferred gain is recorded as a reduction to the Company's land basis on the purchased lots.  In certain instances, a third party may purchase lots from our unconsolidated joint ventures with the intent to finish the lots.  Then, the Company has an option to acquire these finished lots from the third party.  In these instances, the Company defers its portion of the underlying gain and records the deferred gain as deferred profit from unconsolidated joint ventures included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Once the lot is purchased by the Company, the pro-rata share of the previously deferred profit is recorded as a reduction to the Company's land basis in the purchased lots.  In both instances, the gain is ultimately recognized when the Company delivers lots to third-party home buyers at the time of future home closing.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $0.6 million   and   $1.2 million  , respectively, of deferred gain from lot sale transactions is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as deferred profit from unconsolidated joint ventures. In addition, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $1.4 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, of deferred gain from lot sale transactions remained unrecognized and included as a reduction to land basis in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  The Company s land purchase agreement with TNHC-HW Cannery LLC requires profit participation payments due to the joint venture upon the closing of each home.  Payment amounts are calculated based upon a percentage of estimated net profits and are due every 90 days after the first home closing.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   no   new profit participation was due to TNHC-HW Cannery LLC, and due to a change in estimates, the Company was owed a refund of   $0.2 million   from TNHC-HW Cannery LLC for profit participation overpayments.  Also per the purchase agreement, the Company is due   $0.1 million   in fee credits from TNHC-HW Cannery LLC at September 30, 2016.  Both amounts are included in due from affiliates in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  On January 15, 2016, the Company entered into an assignment and assumption of membership interest agreement (the  Buyout Agreement ) for its partner's interest in the TNHC San Juan LLC unconsolidated joint venture.  Per the terms of the Buyout Agreement, the Company contributed   $20.6 million   to the joint venture, and the joint venture made a liquidating cash distribution to our partner for the same amount in exchange for its membership interest.  Prior to the buyout, the Company accounted for its investment in TNHC San Juan LLC as an equity method investment.  After the buyout, TNHC San Juan LLC is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
  During June 2016, our LR8 Investors LLC unconsolidated joint venture (LR8) made its final distributions, allocated   $0.5 million   of income to the Company from a reduction in reserves, and our outside equity partner exited the joint venture. Upon  
  
   20 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

the change in control, we were required to consolidate this venture as a wholly owned subsidiary, and the Company assumed the cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, including warranty reserve, of the joint venture.  In accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations  , we remeasured the assets and liabilities at fair value at the time of consolidation and recognized a gain of   $1.1 million  , which is included in equity in net income of unconsolidated joint ventures in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

12.    Stock-Based Compensation 
  The 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  2014 Incentive Plan ), was adopted by our board of directors in January 2014.  The 2014 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including options to purchase shares of common stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted and unrestricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance awards. The 2014 Incentive Plan will automatically expire on the tenth anniversary of its effective date. Our board of directors may terminate or amend the 2014 Incentive Plan at any time, subject to any requirement of stockholder approval required by applicable law, rule or regulation and provided that the rights of a holder of an outstanding award may not be impaired without the consent of the holder.  
    The number of shares of our common stock that are authorized to be issued under the 2014 Incentive Plan is   1,644,875   shares. To the extent that shares of the Company's common stock subject to an outstanding option, stock appreciation right, stock award or performance award granted under the 2014 Incentive Plan or any predecessor plan are not issued or delivered by reason of the expiration, termination, cancellation or forfeiture of such award or the settlement of such award in cash, then such shares of common stock generally shall again be available under the 2014 Incentive Plan.  
  The Company has issued stock option and restricted stock unit awards under the 2014 Incentive Plan.  As of September 30, 2016,   11,484   shares remain available for grant under the 2014 Incentive Plan.  The exercise price of stock-based awards may not be less than the market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The fair value for stock options is established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model for time-based vesting awards. The Company's stock option and restricted stock awards typically vest over a   one   to   three   year period and the stock options expire   ten years   from the date of grant.  
  At our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 24, 2016, our shareholders approved the Company's 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the "2016 Incentive Plan").  The 2016 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock- or cash-based awards. Non-employee directors of the Company and employees and consultants of the Company or any of its subsidiaries are eligible to receive awards under the 2016 Incentive Plan. The 2016 Incentive Plan authorizes the issuance of   800,000   shares of common stock, subject to certain limitations.  The 2016 Incentive Plan may be amended or terminated by the Board at any time, subject to certain limitations requiring stockholder consent or the consent of the participant. The 2016 Incentive Plan will expire on February 23, 2026.  At   September 30, 2016  , no awards had been granted from the 2016 Incentive Plan.  
  A summary of the Company s common stock option activity as of and for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is presented below:  

21 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A summary of the Company s restricted stock unit activity as of and for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is presented below: 

The expense related to the Company's stock-based compensation programs, included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations, was as follows: 

We used the "simplified method" to establish the expected term of the common stock options granted by the Company.  Our restricted stock unit awards are valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. At   September 30, 2016  , the amount of unearned stock-based compensation currently estimated to be expensed through 2019 related to unvested common stock options and restricted stock units is   $4.1 million  , net of estimated forfeitures. The weighted-average period over which the unearned stock-based compensation is expected to be recognized is   2.0   years.  If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying unvested awards, the Company may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel any remaining unearned stock-based compensation expense. 

13.     Income Taxes 
  The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, which requires an asset and liability approach for measuring deferred taxes based on temporary differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities existing at each balance sheet date using enacted tax rates for the years in which taxes are expected to be paid or recovered.  
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $3.5 million   and   $2.2 million  , respectively.  The effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   differs from the   35%   federal statutory tax rate due to the tax benefit of production activities, partially offset by state income taxes and return to provision adjustments during the 2015 and 2016 third quarters. 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $4.7 million   and   $5.3 million  , respectively.  Included in the nine month period for 2016 is an allocation of income from LR8 of   $0.5 million   and a   $1.1 million   gain from the closeout of our LR8 joint venture, which resulted in a provision for income taxes of   $0.6   million for the nine month period ended   September 30, 2016   and did not impact our effective tax rate.  The effective tax rate for the   nine   month periods differs from the   35%   federal statutory tax rate, primarily due to the tax benefit of production activities, partially offset by state income taxes and return to provision adjustments during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and stock compensation shortfalls in excess of available additional paid-in capital ( APIC ) pools during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Each quarter we assess our deferred tax asset to determine whether all or any portion of the asset is more likely than not unrealizable under ASC 740.  We are required to establish a valuation allowance for any portion of the asset we conclude is more likely than not unrealizable.  Our assessment considers, among other things, the nature, frequency and severity of prior cumulative losses, forecasts of future taxable income, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our utilization experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and the planning alternatives, to the extent these items are applicable.  
   The Company classifies any interest and penalties related to income taxes assessed by jurisdiction as part of income tax expense. The Company has concluded that there were no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in its financial statements, nor has the Company been assessed interest or penalties by any major tax jurisdictions related to any open tax periods.  

14.    Segment Information 
  The Company s operations are organized into   two   reportable segments: homebuilding and fee building. In accordance with ASC 280, in determining the most appropriate reportable segments, we considered similar economic and other characteristics, including product types, gross margins, production processes, suppliers, subcontractors, regulatory environments, land acquisition results, and underlying demand and supply.  
  The reportable segments follow the same accounting policies as our consolidated financial statements described in Note 1.  Operational results of each reportable segment are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have been achieved had the reportable segment been an independent, stand-alone entity during the periods presented.  Financial information relating to reportable segments was as follows: 

22 

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

15.    Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 
    
  The following table presents certain supplemental cash flow information: 

Nine months ended September 30, 
        
    2016 
      
    2015 
        
    (Dollars in thousands) 
      Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized 
    $ 

$ 

Income taxes paid 
    $ 
    8,270 

$ 
    8,356 
      
      Supplemental disclosures of non-cash transactions 

Purchase of real estate with notes payable to affiliate 
    $ 

$ 
    747 
      
      Contribution of real estate to unconsolidated joint ventures 
    $ 

$ 
    18,828 
      
      Contribution of real estate from noncontrolling interest in subsidiary 
    $ 

$ 
    1,301 
      
      Assets assumed from unconsolidated joint ventures 
    $ 
    46,811 

$ 

Liabilities and equity assumed from unconsolidated joint ventures 
    $ 
    47,197 

$ 

23 

Item 2  . 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. All statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are frequently accompanied by words such as  believe,   may,   will,   estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   expect,   goal,   plan  and similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs.  
    
  These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  and Part II, Item 7,  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  The following factors, among others, may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements:  

economic changes either nationally or in the markets in which we operate, including declines in employment, volatility of mortgage interest rates and inflation; 
                
    shortages of or increased prices for labor, land or raw materials used in housing construction; 
                
    a downturn in the homebuilding industry; 
                
    volatility and uncertainty in the credit markets and broader financial markets; 
                
    our business and investment strategy; 
                
    availability of land to acquire and our ability to acquire such land on favorable terms or at all; 
                
    our liquidity and availability, terms and deployment of capital; 
                
    delays in land development or home construction resulting from adverse weather conditions, regulatory approval delays, or other events outside our control; 
                
    our customers' ability to obtain mortgage financing; 
                
    issues concerning our joint venture partnerships; 
                
    the cost and availability of insurance and surety bonds; 
                
    changes in, or the failure or inability to comply with, governmental laws and regulations; 
                
    the timing of receipt of regulatory approvals and the opening of projects; 
                
    the degree and nature of our competition; 
                
    our leverage and debt service obligations; 
                
    restrictive covenants relating to our operations in our current or future financing arrangements; and 
                
    availability of qualified personnel and our ability to retain our key personnel. 
                
    the impact of recent accounting standards. 
       
  Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
  The forward-looking statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
  
   24 

Consolidated Financial Data 

Overview  
    
  The Company delivered solid top and bottom line growth during the 2016 third quarter, while continuing to lay the foundation for future success by focusing more on its wholly owned operations.  We grew our wholly owned community count by 30% year-over-year to 13 actively selling communities, home sales revenue by 116%, and our estimated backlog value by 37% to $290 million. At the same time, we grew our investment in wholly owned real estate inventories by $182.8 million, or 91%, since December 31, 2015 and our wholly owned lots owned and controlled by 20% to nearly 1,600 lots. 
    
  Total revenues for the 2016 third quarter were   $177.9 million  , compared to   $87.0 million   in the prior year period.  Net income attributable to the Company was   $5.5 million  , or   $0.27   per diluted share, compared to net income of   $4.4 million  , or   $0.27   per diluted share, in the prior year period. The year-over-year increase in net income was primarily attributable to a   105%   increase in total revenues, a   480   basis point reduction in selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses as a percentage of home sales revenue, which was partially offset by a $3.6 million reduction in joint venture income.  The increase in revenues and improvement in our SG A leverage is consistent with the shift in focus to our wholly owned operations. 

25 

Results of Operations 
    
  Net New Home Orders   

Net new home orders for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   5%   and   46%  , respectively. The increases as compared to the same periods in   2015   were primarily driven by an increase in the number of average selling communities, which was partially offset by slower monthly sales absorption rates.  

Backlog 

Backlog reflects the number of homes, net of cancellations, for which we have entered into a sales contract with a customer, but for which we have not yet delivered the home.  The dollar value of backlog was up   37%   to   $290.2 million   primarily due to a   34%   increase in the number of homes in backlog, and to a lesser extent, a   2%   increase in the average selling price of homes in backlog to   $2.2 million  . The higher dollar value in backlog in Southern California as compared to Northern California was due to higher community counts in Southern California combined with higher-priced communities, particularly in Newport Coast where we have three coastal luxury communities where average home prices range from $4 million to $7 million. The increase in number of homes in backlog as of   September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period was the result of increased net new home orders due to an increase in the number of selling communities.  

26 

Lots Owned and Controlled 

Consistent with our focus to grow our wholly owned business, the Company increased its number of wholly owned lots owned and controlled by 47% year-over-year. 

(1) 
    Includes lots that we control under purchase and sale agreements or option agreements subject to customary conditions and have not yet closed.  There can be no assurance that such acquisitions will occur. 
              (2) 
    Subject to agreements with property owners. 

Home Sales Revenue and New Homes Delivered 

New home deliveries increased   100%   and   85%  , respectively, during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The increase in deliveries was the result of a higher number of homes in beginning backlog for each period and an increase in the number of net new home orders generated during the respective periods.  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , home sales revenue increased   116%   and   85%  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to an increase in the number of homes delivered, coupled with an   8%   higher average sales price for the 2016 third quarter. Southern California is our largest operation and represented 85% and 77% of our home sales revenue for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. The higher revenues and average home prices in  
  
   27 

Southern California as compared to Northern California were driven by higher-priced, luxury coastal communities in top-notch master plans located in Orange County, California. The average selling prices in Northern California as compared to Southern California were lower primarily due to the relative geographic location of the communities in which we currently have deliveries, none of which are coastal, as well as the delivery of smaller attached product. 
  Homebuilding Gross Margin 
  Homebuilding gross margin percentage for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   15.5%   and   14.0%  , respectively, compared to   15.8%   and   15.4%  , respectively, for the same periods in   2015  .  The year-over-year change in gross margin percentages was primarily due to a change in the mix of homes delivered and was partially offset by a 90 basis point benefit from a warranty accrual adjustment made during the 2016 third quarter that increased homebuilding gross margin by   $1.1 million  .  In order to reflect more comparable gross margin and SG A percentage metrics with other homebuilders, effective January 1, 2016, we started amortizing certain capitalizable selling and marketing costs associated with model set-up to selling and marketing expenses versus through cost of home sales.  As a result of this change, we reclassified   $1.1 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively, in capitalizable selling and marketing costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 out of cost of home sales to selling and marketing expenses to conform with current year presentation. 
  Excluding interest in cost of home sales, adjusted homebuilding gross margin percentage for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   16.5%   and   15.2%  , respectively, compared to   16.5%   and   16.1%  , respectively, for the same periods in   2015  .  Adjusted homebuilding gross margin percentage is a non-GAAP financial measure.  See the table below reconciling this non-GAAP financial measure to homebuilding gross margin, the nearest GAAP equivalent. 

(1) 
    Adjusted homebuilding gross margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that by adding interest in cost of home sales back to homebuilding gross margin, investors are able to assess the performance of our homebuilding business excluding our interest cost.  We believe this information is meaningful as it isolates the impact that leverage has on homebuilding gross margin and permits investors to make better comparisons with our competitors who adjust gross margins in a similar fashion. 
     Fee Building 

Fee building revenues include (i) billings to independent third-party land owners for general contracting services and (ii) management fees from our unconsolidated joint ventures for construction management services.  Cost of fee building includes (i) labor, subcontractor, and other indirect construction and development costs that are reimbursable by the land owner and (ii) general and administrative, or G A, expenses that are attributable to fee building activities.  Besides allocable G A expenses, there are no other material costs associated with management fees from our unconsolidated joint ventures. 
    Billings to land owners are a function of construction activity and reimbursable costs are incurred as homes are started.  The total billings and reimbursable costs are driven by the pace at which the land owner has us execute its development plan.  Management fees from our unconsolidated joint ventures are collected over the project's life and increase as homes and lots are delivered. 
  
   28 

For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , fee building revenues increased   81%   and   23%  , respectively, from the prior year periods.  Included in fee building revenues for the three months ended periods were (i)   $51.2 million   and   $25.8 million   of billings to land owners for 2016 and 2015, respectively, and (ii)   $1.5 million   and   $3.3 million   of management fees from our unconsolidated joint ventures for 2016 and   2015  , respectively.  Included in fee building revenues for the nine months ended periods were (i)   $119.5 million   and   $93.8 million   of billings to land owners for 2016 and   2015  , respectively, and (ii)   $6.3 million   and   $8.4 million   of management fees from our unconsolidated joint ventures for 2016 and   2015  , respectively. The overall increase in fee building revenues was primarily driven by an increase in construction activity at our fee building projects and offset partially by a decline in management fees from unconsolidated joint ventures, which was due to a reduction in the number of homes and lots delivered by our joint venture communities. 
  Our fee building revenues have historically been concentrated with a small number of customers. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   one   customer comprised   97%  ,   95%  ,   88%   and   92%   of fee building revenue, respectively. 
  For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , cost of fee building increased due to the increase in fee building revenues, compared to the same periods during   2015  .  The amount of G A expenses included in cost of fee building was   $2.2 million  ,   $6.6 million  ,   $2.4 million   and   $6.7 million   respectively, for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Fee building gross margin percentage decreased to   3.7%   from   7.1%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and decreased to   4.5%   from   6.0%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the prior year periods.  The overall decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by a decrease in management fees from our unconsolidated joint ventures due to a reduction in the number of homes and lots delivered by our joint venture communities, which was partially offset by a slightly higher fee rate with our largest customer on certain projects. 
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

SG A expenses for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were up for each year-over-year period consistent with the increase in our wholly owned community count and higher revenue totals.  However, our SG A operating leverage improved significantly due to the increase in home sales revenue, resulting in a   480   basis point reduction in our SG A expense ratio for the 2016 third quarter and a 240 basis point improvement for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.  
  Equity in Net Income of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had ownership interests in   13   unconsolidated joint ventures.  We own economic interests in our unconsolidated joint ventures, which include our capital interests that generally range from 5% to 35% plus, in each case, a share of the distributions from the unconsolidated joint ventures in excess of our capital interest if certain minimum returns are achieved.  These economic interests vary among our different unconsolidated joint ventures. 
  Our share of joint venture income decreased for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   due to a decrease in total revenues of the joint ventures which was driven by fewer new home deliveries and a 43% decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered.  Our share of joint venture income also decreased for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   due to a reduction in total joint venture revenues, but was partially offset by a one-time gain related to the close-out of one joint venture.  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company closed out one of its unconsolidated joint ventures known as "LR8" and received an income allocation of $0.5 million from a reserve reduction prior to the close out.  As part of this transaction, the Company also recognized a gain of $1.1 million due to the purchase of our JV partner's interest for less than its carrying value.  
  
   29 

The following sets forth supplemental operational and financial information about our unconsolidated joint ventures.  Such information is not included in our financial data for GAAP purposes, but is recognized in our results as a component of equity in net income of unconsolidated joint ventures. This data is included for informational purposes only. 

(1) 
    Adjusted unconsolidated joint ventures homebuilding gross margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that by adding interest in cost of unconsolidated joint venture home sales back to unconsolidated joint ventures homebuilding gross margin, investors are able to assess the performance of our unconsolidated joint ventures excluding interest cost.  We believe this information is meaningful as it isolates the impact that leverage has on unconsolidated joint venture homebuilding gross margin and permits investors to make better comparisons with our competitors who adjust gross margins in a similar fashion. 

30 

(1) 
    Amounts include $0 and $18.1 million of backlog dollar value related to purchase contracts between an unconsolidated joint venture and the Company as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

(1) 
    Consists of lots that are under purchase and sale agreements. 

Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $3.5 million   and   $2.2 million  , respectively.  The effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   differs from the   35%   federal statutory tax rate due to the tax benefit of production activities, partially offset by state income taxes and return to provision adjustments during the 2015 and 2016 third quarters.  
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $4.7 million   and   $5.3 million  , respectively.  Included in the nine month period for 2016 is an allocation of income of $0.5 million from LR8 and a $1.1 million gain from the closeout of our LR8 joint venture, which resulted in a provision for income taxes of $0.6 million for the nine month period ended   September 30, 2016   and did not impact our effective tax rate.  The effective tax rate for the   nine   month periods differs from the   35%   federal statutory tax rate, primarily due to the tax benefit of production activities, partially offset by state income taxes and return to provision adjustments during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and stock compensation shortfalls in excess of available additional paid-in capital ( APIC ) pools during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .   

31 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
  Overview  
  Our principal uses of capital for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were land purchases, land development, home construction, contributions to our unconsolidated joint ventures, operating expenses, repayments on our credit facility and the payment of routine liabilities. Our principal sources of capital for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were advances from our senior unsecured revolving credit facility, cash generated from home sales activities and distributions from our unconsolidated joint ventures.   
  Cash flows for each of our communities depend on their stage in the development cycle, and can differ substantially from reported earnings. Early stages of development or expansion require significant cash outlays for land acquisitions, entitlements and other approvals, and construction of model homes, roads, utilities, general landscaping and other amenities. Because these costs are a component of our real estate inventories and not recognized in our consolidated statement of operations until a home is delivered, we incur significant cash outlays prior to our recognition of earnings. In the later stages of community development, cash inflows may significantly exceed earnings reported for financial statement purposes, as the cash outflow associated with home and land construction was previously incurred.  From a liquidity standpoint, we are actively acquiring and developing lots to increase our lot supply and community count.  As we continue to expand our business, we expect cash outlays for land purchases, land development and home construction to exceed our cash generated by operations. 
  We exercise strict controls and believe we have a prudent strategy for companywide cash management, including those related to cash outlays for land and inventory acquisition, development and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. We ended the   third   quarter of   2016   with   $44.3 million   of cash and cash equivalents, a   $1.6 million   decrease from   December 31, 2015  , primarily as a result of net increased investment in real estate inventories of   $159.8 million  , partially offset by net borrowings of   $139.7 million   due to the growth in community count and operations.  We expect to generate cash from the sale of our inventory, but intend to redeploy the net cash generated from the sale of inventory to acquire and develop strategic, well-positioned lots that represent opportunities to generate future income and cash flows.  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had   $17.9 million   and   $16.7 million  , respectively, in accounts payable that related to costs incurred under our fee building agreements. Funding to pay these amounts is the obligation of the independent third-party land owner, which is generally funded on a monthly basis.  Similarly, contracts and accounts receivable as of the same dates included   $19.5 million   and   $17.8 million  , respectively, related to the payment of the above payables.  
  We intend to utilize both debt and equity as part of our ongoing financing strategy, coupled with redeployment of cash flows from continuing operations, to provide us with the financial flexibility to operate our business. In that regard, we expect to employ prudent levels of leverage to finance the acquisition and development of our lots and construction of our homes.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding borrowings of   $233.9 million  . We will consider a number of factors when evaluating our level of indebtedness and when making decisions regarding the incurrence of new indebtedness, including the purchase price of assets to be acquired with debt financing, the estimated market value of our assets and the ability of particular assets, and our company as a whole, to generate cash flow to cover the expected debt service. In addition, our senior unsecured revolving credit facility contains certain financial covenants that limits the amount of leverage we can maintain.  
  We intend to finance future acquisitions and developments with what we believe to be the most advantageous source of capital available to us at the time of the transaction, which may include a combination of secured and unsecured corporate level debt, property-level debt and mortgage financing, other public, private or bank debt, or common and preferred equity.  Additionally, we have an existing effective shelf registration statement that allows us to issue equity, debt or hybrid securities up to   $349.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Land Acquisition Notes  
  The Company has a term loan with a land seller, secured by real estate, which bears interest at 7.0% per annum. As of   September 30, 2016  , the total available commitment under the note is   $4.0 million  , all of which has been funded.  The note matures on the earlier of (i) 10 days following entitlement approval, or (ii) December 15, 2016.  Interest is payable monthly and the remaining principal is due at maturity. 
  Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility  
  We have a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) with a bank group.  In May 2016, we increased the commitment under the Credit Facility from $200 million to $260 million with an accordion feature that allows borrowings thereunder to be increased up to an aggregate of $350 million and extended the maturity date by one year to April 30, 2019. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $229.9 million   outstanding under the credit facility and   $30.1 million   in availability.  We may repay advances at any time without premium or penalty.  Interest is payable monthly and is charged at a rate of 1-month LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 2.25% to 3.00% depending on the Company s leverage ratio as calculated at the end of each fiscal quarter.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate under the Credit Facility was   3.28%  .  
  
   32 

Under our Credit Facility, we are required to comply with certain financial covenants, including but not limited to those summarized in the table below, and as described and defined further in the Credit Facility: 

(1)    Adjusted Leverage Ratio is computed as total joint venture debt divided by total joint venture equity. 
   We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Debt-to-Capital Ratios 
  We believe that debt-to-capital ratios provide useful information to the users of our financial statements regarding our financial position and leverage. Net debt-to-capital ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure.  See the table below reconciling this non-GAAP measure to debt-to-capital ratio, the nearest GAAP equivalent.  The ratio of debt-to-capital and the ratio of net debt-to-capital are calculated as follows: 

(1) 
    The ratio of debt-to-capital is computed as the quotient obtained by dividing notes payable by the sum of total notes payable (including unsecured revolving credit facility) plus equity, exclusive of noncontrolling interest.       
              (2) 
    The ratio of net debt-to-capital is computed as the quotient obtained by dividing net debt (which is notes payable (including unsecured revolving credit facility) less cash to the extent necessary to reduce the debt balance to zero) by total capital, exclusive of noncontrolling interest. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is the ratio of debt-to-capital. We believe the ratio of net debt-to-capital is a relevant financial measure for investors to understand the leverage employed in our operations and as an indicator of our ability to obtain financing. We believe that by deducting our cash from our notes payable, we provide a measure of our indebtedness that takes into account our cash liquidity. We believe this provides useful information as the ratio of debt-to-capital does not take into account our liquidity and we believe that the ratio net of cash provides supplemental information by which our financial position may be considered. Investors may also find this to be helpful when comparing our leverage to the leverage of our competitors that present similar information. See the table above reconciling this non-GAAP financial measure to the ratio of debt-to-capital.       

33 

Cash Flows     Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the comparison of cash flows is as follows: 
             
    Net cash used in operating activities was   $146.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   versus   $83.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The year-over-year change was primarily a result of a net increase in cash outflows for real estate inventories of   $159.8 million   in the 2016 period compared to   $100.8 million   in the 2015 period.  The significant investment in real estate inventories in the 2016 period was the result of growth in our community count, increased land spend, and increased construction activity at our wholly owned communities. 
                
    Net cash provided by investing activities was   $7.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $17.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our net distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures (excluding distributions of earnings) were   $6.3 million   compared to   $17.7 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and was the primary reason net cash provided by investing activities decreased.  The reduction in distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures primarily related to the reduction in revenues, new home deliveries, and the completion of certain joint venture communities. 
                
    Net cash provided by financing activities was   $137.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   versus   $56.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The change was primarily driven by net borrowings under our revolving credit facility of   $155.0 million   in the 2016 period due to the growth in our community count, increased land spend and construction activity at our wholly owned communities versus   $57.9 million   in the 2015 period. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
    
  Option Contracts 
    
             In the ordinary course of business, we enter into land option contracts in order to procure lots for the construction of our homes. We are subject to customary obligations associated with entering into contracts for the purchase of land and improved lots. These purchase contracts typically require a cash deposit and the purchase of properties under these contracts is generally contingent upon satisfaction of certain requirements by the sellers, including obtaining applicable property and development entitlements. We also utilize option contracts with land sellers as a method of acquiring land in staged takedowns, to help us manage the financial and market risk associated with land holdings, to reduce the use of funds from our corporate financing sources, and to enhance our return on equity. Option contracts generally require a non-refundable deposit for the right to acquire lots over a specified period of time at pre-determined prices. We generally have the right at our discretion to terminate our obligations under both purchase contracts and option contracts by forfeiting our cash deposit with no further financial responsibility to the land seller.  In some instances, we may also expend funds for due diligence and development activities with respect to our option contracts prior to purchase which we would have to write off should we not purchase the land.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $35.1 million   of non-refundable cash deposits pertaining to land option contracts and purchase contracts with an estimated aggregate remaining purchase price of   $462.3 million   (net of deposits). 
    
           Our utilization of land option contracts is dependent on, among other things, the availability of land sellers willing to enter into option arrangements, the availability of capital to financial intermediaries to finance the development of optioned lots, general housing market conditions, and local market dynamics. Options may be more difficult to procure from land sellers in strong housing markets and are more prevalent in certain geographic regions. 
    
  Joint Ventures 
    
           We enter into land development and homebuilding joint ventures from time to time as means of: 

leveraging our capital base 
                
    accessing larger or highly desirable lot positions 
                
    expanding our market opportunities 
                
    managing financial and market risk associated with land holdings 
                
    establishing strategic alliances 
       
           These joint ventures have historically obtained secured acquisition, development and/or construction financing which reduces the use of funds from our corporate financing sources. 
  
   34 

We have provided credit enhancements in connection with joint venture borrowings in the form of loan-to-value ( LTV ) maintenance agreements in order to secure the joint venture's performance under the loans and maintenance of certain LTV ratios. We have also entered into agreements with our partners in each of the unconsolidated joint ventures whereby we and our partners are apportioned liability under the LTV maintenance agreements according to their respective capital interest. In addition, the agreements provide us, to the extent our partner has an unpaid liability under such credit enhancements, the right to receive distributions from the unconsolidated joint venture that would otherwise be made to the partner. However, there is no guarantee that such distributions will be made or will be sufficient to cover the share of the liability apportioned to us. The loans underlying the LTV maintenance agreements comprise acquisition and development loans, construction revolvers and model home loans, and the agreements remain in force until the loans are satisfied.  Due to the nature of the loans, the outstanding balance at any given time is subject to a number of factors including the status of site improvements, the mix of horizontal and vertical development underway, the timing of phase build outs, and the period necessary to complete the escrow process for homebuyers.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $81.7 million   and   $74.1 million  , respectively, was outstanding under the loans and credit enhanced by us through LTV maintenance agreements.  Under the terms of the joint venture agreements, our proportionate share of LTV maintenance agreement liabilities was   $12.0 million   and   $22.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  In addition, we have provided completion guaranties regarding specific performance for certain projects whereby we are required to complete the given project with funds provided by the beneficiary of the guaranty.  If there are not adequate funds available under the specific project loans, then we would be subject to financial liability under such completion guaranties.  Typically, under such terms of our joint venture agreements, we have the right to apportion the respective share of any liabilities funded under such completion guaranties to our partners. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to recover against our partners for such amounts owed to us under the terms of such joint venture agreements. 
  
   35 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we held membership interests in   13   unconsolidated joint ventures, nine of which related to homebuilding activities and four of which related to land development as noted below. We were a party to   four   LTV maintenance agreements related to unconsolidated joint ventures as of   September 30, 2016  . The following table reflects certain financial and other information related to our unconsolidated joint ventures as of   September 30, 2016   : 

(2) 
    Estimated future capital commitment represents our proportionate share of estimated future contributions as of   September 30, 2016  . Actual contributions may differ materially. 
              (3) 
    Certain members of the Company's board of directors are affiliated with entities that have an investment in these joint ventures. 
              (4) 
    The debt associated with this joint venture consists of a land seller note. 
              (5) 
    Land development joint ventures. 
     As of   September 30, 2016  , the unconsolidated joint ventures were in compliance with their respective loan covenants, where applicable, and we were not required to make any LTV maintenance-related payments during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   36 

Seasonality  
    
  Historically, the homebuilding industry experiences seasonal fluctuations in quarterly operating results and capital requirements. We typically experience the highest new home order activity in spring and summer, although this activity is also highly dependent on the number of active selling communities, timing of new community openings and other market factors. Since it typically takes five to nine months to construct a new home, we deliver more homes in the second half of the year as spring and summer home orders convert to home deliveries. Because of this seasonality, home starts, construction costs and related cash outflows have historically been highest in the second and third quarters, and a higher level of cash receipts from home deliveries occurs during the second half of the year. We expect this seasonal pattern to continue over the long-term, although it may be affected by volatility in the homebuilding industry.  

Critical Accounting Policies  
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting policies generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management evaluates such estimates and judgments on an on-going basis and makes adjustments as deemed necessary. Actual results could differ from these estimates if conditions are significantly different in the future.  
    
  Our critical accounting estimates and policies have not changed from those reported in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards  
  Note 1 to the accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. 
    
  JOBS Act 
  We qualify as an "emerging growth company" pursuant to the provisions of the JOBS Act. For as long as we are an "emerging growth company," we may elect certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies," including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our annual reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding shareholder advisory "say-on-pay" votes on executive compensation. 
    
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An "emerging growth company" can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However, we have chosen to "opt out" of such extended transition period and, as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 

37 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Information about our market risk is disclosed in Part II, Item 7A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , and is incorporated herein by reference.  There have been no material changes during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , to such information. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and is communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance of reaching our desired disclosure control objectives.  In designing controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, will be detected.  These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error and mistake.  Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of controls.  
    
  At the end of the period being reported upon, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act).  Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Change in Internal Controls 
    
  There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

38 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  Item 1.           Legal Proceedings 
  We are involved in various claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.  We do not believe that any such claims and litigation will materially affect our results of operations or financial position.  For more information regarding how we account for legal proceedings, see Note 10,  Commitments and Contingencies,  to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  Item 1A.   Risk Factors 
    
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed under Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Item 2.        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  None. 
    
  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
    
  The Company did not make any purchases of its common stock during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Item 3.        Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 
    
  Item 4.        Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Not applicable. 
    
  Item 5.        Other Information 
       
  None. 

39 

Item 6.        Exhibits 

Exhibit 
  Number 
       
    Exhibit Description 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The New Home Company Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013) 

3.2 

State of Delaware Certificate of Change of Registered Agent and/or Registered Office (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on From 8-K filed on August 1, 2016) 

3.3 

Bylaws of The New Home Company Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2016) 

4.1 

Specimen Common Stock Certificate of The New Home Company Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No. 10, filed on January 24, 2014)) 

4.2 

Investor Rights Agreement among The New Home Company Inc., TNHC Partners LLC, IHP Capital Partners VI, LLC, WATT/TNHC LLC, TCN/TNHC LP and collectively H. Lawrence Webb, Wayne J. Stelmar, Joseph D. Davis and Thomas Redwitz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013) 

31.1 
      
    * 
    Chief Executive Officer Section 302 Certification of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
      
    * 
    Chief Financial Officer Section 302 Certification of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
      
    ** 
    Chief Executive Officer Section 906 Certification of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
      
    ** 
    Chief Financial Officer Section 906 Certification of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
      
    * 
    The following materials from The New Home Company Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

*     Filed herewith 
      **   Furnished and not filed herewith for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

40 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

The New Home Company Inc. 

By: 
      
    /s/ H. Lawrence Webb 

H. Lawrence Webb 

Chief Executive Officer  

By: 
      
    /s/ John M. Stephens 

John M. Stephens 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 4, 2016 

41 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  Section 302 CERTIFICATION  
  I, H. Lawrence Webb, certify that:  
    
                 (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The New Home Company Inc.; 

(2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ H. Lawrence Webb 

H. Lawrence Webb 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  Section 302 CERTIFICATION  
          I, John M. Stephens, certify that:  
    
                 (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The New Home Company Inc.; 

(2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ John M. Stephens 

John M. Stephens 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Report of The New Home Company Inc. (the  Company ) on   Form 10-Q   for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, H. Lawrence Webb, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ H. Lawrence Webb 

H. Lawrence Webb 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Report of The New Home Company Inc. (the  Company ) on   Form 10-Q   for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John M. Stephens, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ John M. Stephens 

John M. Stephens 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 nwhm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nwhm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nwhm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nwhm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nwhm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nwhm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

