<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1130144_0001144204-16-132126_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15818501</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169248</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>509823</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5566154</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7560673</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1663666</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>69</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132126.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107171055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIERRA BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130144
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				330937517
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33063
		FILM NUMBER:		161979080

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		86 NORTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			PORTERVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93257
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5597824900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		86 NORTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			PORTERVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93257

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132126.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v451543_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 

 Commission file number: 000-33063 

Sierra
Bancorp   

  ( Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

86 North Main Street, Porterville, California
93257 

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

(559) 782-4900 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  R 
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). 

 Yes  R 
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer   R  

Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller Reporting Company      

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes    
No  R  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Common stock, no par value, 13,791,101 shares
outstanding as of November 1, 2016 

FORM 10-Q   

Table of Contents   

Page   
 
        Part I - Financial Information    
      1   
 
       Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      1   
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      1   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Income   
      2   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
      3   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      4   
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      5   

Item 2. Management s Discussion   Analysis of Financial Condition   Results of Operations   
      31   
 
       Forward-Looking Statements   
      31   
 
       Critical Accounting Policies   
      31   
 
       Overview of the Results of Operations and Financial Condition   
      32   
 
       Earnings Performance   
      33   
 
       Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin   
      33   
 
       Provision for Loan and Lease Losses   
      37   
 
       Non-interest Income and Non-Interest Expense   
      38   
 
       Provision for Income Taxes   
      41   
 
       Balance Sheet Analysis   
      41   
 
       Earning Assets   
      41   
 
       Investments   
      41   
 
       Loan and Lease Portfolio   
      42   
 
       Nonperforming Assets   
      43   
 
       Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   
      45   
 
       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
      46   
 
       Other Assets   
      46   
 
       Deposits and Interest-Bearing Liabilities   
      47   
 
       Deposits   
      47   
 
       Other Interest-Bearing Liabilities   
      48   
 
       Other Non-Interest
    Bearing Liabilities   
      48   
 
       Liquidity and Market Risk Management   
      48   
 
       Capital Resources   
      51   

Item 3. Qualitative   Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      52   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
      52   

Part II - Other Information    
      53   
 
       Item 1. - Legal Proceedings   
      53   
 
       Item 1A. - Risk Factors   
      53   
 
       Item 2. - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      53   
 
       Item 3. - Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      53   
 
       Item 4. - Mine Safety Disclosures   
      53   
 
       Item 5. - Other Information   
      53   
 
       Item 6. - Exhibits   
      54   

Signatures    
      55   

PART I    FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

    Item 1   Financial Statements  

SIERRA BANCORP 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (dollars in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

1   

SIERRA BANCORP 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

 (dollars in thousands, except per
share data, unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

2   

SIERRA BANCORP 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

   (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

(1)     Amounts
are included in net gains on investment securities available-for-sale on the Consolidated Statements of Income in non-interest  revenue. Income
tax expense associated with the reclassification adjustment for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $38 thousand
and $45 thousand respectively. Income tax expense associated with the reclassification adjustment for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $89 thousand and $181 thousand respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

3   

SIERRA BANCORP 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

4   

Sierra
Bancorp  

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 September 30, 2016 

 (Unaudited) 

Note 1   The Business of Sierra Bancorp    

Sierra Bancorp (the  Company ) is a California corporation
headquartered in Porterville, California, and is a registered bank holding company under federal banking laws. The Company was
formed to serve as the holding company for Bank of the Sierra (the  Bank ), and has been the Bank s sole shareholder
since August 2001. The Company exists primarily for the purpose of holding the stock of the Bank and of such other subsidiaries
it may acquire or establish. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s only other subsidiaries were Sierra Statutory Trust
II, Sierra Capital Trust III, and Coast Bancorp Statutory Trust II, which were formed solely to facilitate the issuance of capital
trust pass-through securities ( TRUPS ). Pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
standard on the consolidation of variable interest entities, these trusts are not reflected on a consolidated basis in the Company s
financial statements. References herein to the  Company  include Sierra Bancorp and its consolidated subsidiary, the
Bank, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

Bank of the Sierra is a California state-chartered bank also
headquartered in Porterville, California. The Bank was incorporated in September 1977, and opened for business in January 1978
as a one-branch bank with $1.5 million in capital and eleven employees. Our growth in the ensuing years has been largely organic,
but also includes three whole-bank acquisitions: Sierra National Bank in the year 2000, Santa Clara Valley Bank in 2014, and Coast
National Bank in July of 2016 (see Note 13 to the financial statements, Acquisition, for details on the acquisition of Coast Bancorp
[ Coast ], the holding company for Coast National Bank, by Sierra Bancorp). With our latest acquisition the Bank now
operates 33 full-service branches and a loan production office, and offers a full range of retail and commercial banking services
in California s South Central Valley and neighboring communities, the Central Coast, and select Southern California locations including
Ventura County and the Santa Clarita Valley. Our most recent branching activity occurred in the second quarter of 2016, with the
opening of a de novo branch in Sanger, California and the purchase of a competitor bank s Porterville branch which was consolidated
into our main office (see Note 14 to the financial statements, Recent Developments, for details on the branch acquisition). Furthermore,
we have received regulatory approvals for another branch in Bakersfield, California, which is under construction and should be
ready to commence operations by the first quarter of 2017, as well as a proposed de novo branch in Pismo Beach, California, although
the timing for that branch opening remains uncertain. In addition to our stand-alone offices the Bank has specialized lending units
which include a real estate industries center, an agricultural credit center, and an SBA lending unit. We also have ATMs at all
branch locations and offsite ATMs at six different non-branch locations. We were close to $2.0 billion in total assets as of September
30, 2016, and for the past several years have claimed the distinction of being the largest bank headquartered in the South San
Joaquin Valley. The Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC )
up to maximum insurable amounts. 

Note 2   Basis of Presentation    

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in a condensed format, and therefore do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. The information furnished in these interim
statements reflects all adjustments that are, in the opinion of Management, necessary for a fair statement of the results for such
periods. Such adjustments can generally be considered as normal and recurring unless otherwise disclosed in this Form 10-Q. In
preparing the accompanying financial statements, Management has taken subsequent events into consideration and recognized them
where appropriate. The results of operations in the interim statements are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for any other quarter, or for the full year. Certain amounts reported for 2015 have been reclassified to be consistent
with the reporting for 2016. The interim financial information should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). 

Note 3   Current Accounting Developments   

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . This ASU is the result of a joint project initiated by the FASB
and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue, and to develop common
revenue standards and disclosure requirements that would: (1) remove inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue requirements; (2)
provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues; (3) improve comparability of revenue recognition practices across
entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets; (4) provide more useful information to users of financial statements
through improved disclosures; and (5) simplify the preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of requirements to
which an entity must refer. The guidance affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods
or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets. The core principle is that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides steps to follow to achieve the
core principle. An entity should disclose sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Qualitative and quantitative information
is required with regard to contracts with customers, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from
the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods therein, with early adoption permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company
does not expect to adopt this guidance early and is currently evaluating the potential effects of the guidance on its financial
statements and disclosures. 

5   

In June 2014 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,  Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could
Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period . These amendments to existing guidance require that a performance target be
treated as a  performance condition  if it affects vesting and can be achieved after the requisite service period.
To account for such awards, a reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance
conditions that affect vesting. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the requisite service period
should reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest, and should be adjusted to reflect those awards that ultimately vest.
The requisite period ends when the employee can cease rendering service and still be eligible to vest in the award if the performance
target is achieved. ASU 2014-12 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2015. It was adopted by the Company for the first quarter of 2016, and because our stock compensation practices do
not currently utilize performance-based criteria there was no impact upon our financial statements or operations upon adoption. 

In April 2015 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest Imputation
of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , to simplify the presentation of debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability by reflecting those costs as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of debt liability,
consistent with debt discounts. ASU 2015-15 was subsequently issued in August 2015 to clarify the SEC staff s position on
presenting and measuring debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements. ASU 2015-03, as modified
by ASU 2015-15, became effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and we adopted this guidance
for the first quarter of 2016 without any material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall:
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . This guidance primarily affects the accounting for
equity securities with readily determinable fair values, by requiring that the changes in fair value for such securities will be
reflected in earnings rather than in other comprehensive income. The accounting for other financial instruments such as loans,
debt securities, and financial liabilities is largely unchanged. ASU 2016-01 also changes the presentation and disclosure requirements
for financial instruments, including a requirement that public business entities use exit pricing when estimating fair values for
financial instruments measured at amortized cost for disclosure purposes. ASU 2016-01 is generally effective for public business
entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are evaluating
the potential effects of this guidance on our financial statements and disclosures, but do not currently expect it to have a material
impact upon adoption. 

In February 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic
842) . This new standard is being issued to increase the transparency and comparability around lease obligations. Previously
unrecorded off-balance sheet obligations will now be brought more prominently to light by presenting lease liabilities on the face
of the balance sheet, accompanied by enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures in the notes to the financial statements.
ASU 2016-02 is generally effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on its financial statements
and disclosures. 

In March 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , as part of its simplification initiative.
Currently, as they relate to share-based payments, tax benefits in excess of compensation costs ( windfalls ) are recorded
in equity, and tax deficiencies ( shortfalls ) are recorded in equity to the extent of previous windfalls, and then
to the income statement. ASU 2016-09 will reduce some of the administrative complexities by eliminating the need to track a windfall
 pool,  but could increase the volatility of income tax expense. This change is required to be applied prospectively
to all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies resulting from settlements after the date of adoption. ASU 2016-09 also removes
the requirement to delay recognition of a windfall tax benefit until it reduces current taxes payable. Under the new guidance,
the benefit will be recorded when it arises, subject to normal valuation allowance considerations. This change is required to be
applied on a modified retrospective basis, with a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings. Furthermore, all tax-related
cash flows resulting from share-based payments are to be reported as operating activities on the statement of cash flows, a change
from the current requirement to present windfall tax benefits as an inflow from financing activities and an outflow from operating
activities. However, cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified
as a financing activity. Under the new guidance, entities are also permitted to make an accounting policy election for the impact
of forfeitures on expense recognition for share-based payment awards. Forfeitures can be estimated in advance, as required today,
or recognized as they occur. Estimates will still be required in certain circumstances, such as at the time of modification of
an award or issuance of a replacement award in a business combination. If elected, the change to recognize forfeitures when they
occur needs to be adopted using a modified retrospective approach, with a cumulative effect adjustment recorded to opening retained
earnings. ASU 2016-09 is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
and interim periods within that reporting period. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our financial
statements and disclosures. 

6   

In June 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments
  Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which eliminates the probable initial
recognition threshold for credit losses in current U.S. GAAP, and instead requires an organization to record a current estimate
of all expected credit losses over the contractual term for financial assets carried at amortized cost. This is commonly referred
to as the current expected credit losses ( CECL ) methodology. Expected credit losses for financial assets held at
the reporting date will be measured based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.
Another change from existing U.S. GAAP involves the treatment of purchased credit deteriorated assets, which are more broadly defined
than purchased credit impaired assets in current accounting standards. When such assets are purchased, institutions will estimate
and record an allowance for credit losses that is added to the purchase price rather than being reported as a credit loss expense.
Furthermore, ASU 2016-13 updates the measurement of credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities, by mandating that institutions
record credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities through an allowance for credit losses rather than the current practice
of writing down securities for other-than-temporary impairment. ASU 2016-13 will also require the enhancement of financial statement
disclosures regarding estimates used in calculating credit losses. ASU 2016-13 does not change the existing write-off principle
in U.S. GAAP or current nonaccrual practices, nor does it change accounting requirements for loans held for sale or certain other
financial assets which are measured at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. As a public business entity that is an SEC filer,
ASU 2016-13 becomes effective for the Company on January 1, 2020, although early application is permitted for 2019. On the effective
date, institutions will apply the new accounting standard as follows: for financial assets carried at amortized cost, a cumulative-effect
adjustment will be recognized on the balance sheet for any change in the related allowance for loan and lease losses generated
by the adoption of the new standard; financial assets classified as purchased credit impaired assets prior to the effective date
will be reclassified as purchased credit deteriorated assets as of the effective date, and will be grossed up for the related allowance
for expected credit losses created as of the effective date; and, debt securities on which other-than-temporary impairment had
been recognized prior to the effective date will transition to the new guidance prospectively with no change in their amortized
cost basis. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our financial statements and disclosures, and
in general expect an increase in our allowance for loan and lease losses upon adoption. 

Note 4   Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow
Information    

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash
paid for interest due on interest-bearing liabilities was $2.341 million and $1.957 million, respectively. There was $2.890 million
in cash paid for income taxes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $6.390 million in cash paid for income taxes
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Assets totaling $847,000 and $1.004 million were acquired in settlement of loans
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. We received $982,000 in cash from the sale of
foreclosed assets during the first nine months of 2016 relative to $1.454 million during the first nine months of 2015, which represents
sales proceeds less loans (if any) extended to finance such sales. 

Cash flow information relative to the Coast acquisition is disclosed
in the following table: 

Note 5   Share Based Compensation    

The 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2007 Plan )
was adopted by the Company in 2007. Our 1998 Stock Option Plan was concurrently terminated, although options to purchase 28,500
shares that were granted under that plan were still outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and remain unaffected by the plan s
termination. The 2007 Plan provides for the issuance of both  incentive  and  nonqualified  stock options
to officers and employees, and of  nonqualified  stock options to non-employee directors of the Company. The 2007 Plan
also provides for the issuance of restricted stock awards to these same classes of eligible participants, on such terms and conditions
as are established at the discretion of the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, although no restricted stock awards
have been issued by the Company. The total number of shares of the Company s authorized but unissued stock reserved for issuance
pursuant to awards under the 2007 Plan was initially 1,500,000 shares, although due to awards granted since the inception of the
plan the number remaining available for grant had declined to 748,420 at September 30, 2016. No equity awards can be issued under
the 2007 Plan on or after March 15, 2017, when the plan expires, but any award granted under the plan prior to March 15, 2017 had,
or will have, an original life of 10 years and thus may extend beyond that date. The dilutive impact of stock options outstanding
is discussed below in Note 6, Earnings per Share. 

7   

Pursuant to FASB s standards on stock compensation, the
value of each stock option granted is reflected in our income statement as employee compensation or directors  expense by
amortizing the value over the vesting period for options with graded vesting, or by expensing it as of the grant date for immediately
vested options. The Company is utilizing the Black-Scholes model to value stock options, and the  multiple option 
approach is used to allocate the resulting valuation to actual expense. Under the multiple option approach an employee s
options for each vesting period are separately valued and amortized, which appears to be the preferred method for option grants
with graded vesting. A pre-tax charge of $11,000 was reflected in the Company s income statement during the third quarter
of 2016 and $14,000 was charged during the third quarter of 2015, as expense related to stock options. For the first nine months,
the charges totaled $180,000 in 2016 and $33,000 in 2015. 

Note 6   Earnings per Share    

The computation of earnings per share, as presented in the Consolidated
Statements of Income, is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period. There were 13,790,107 weighted
average shares outstanding during the third quarter of 2016, and 13,358,895 during the third quarter of 2015. There were 13,446,567
weighted average shares outstanding during the first nine months of 2016, and 13,531,370 during the first nine months of 2015. 

Diluted earnings per share include the effect of the potential
issuance of common shares, which for the Company is limited to shares that would be issued on the exercise of  in-the-money 
stock options. For the third quarter of 2016, calculations under the treasury stock method resulted in the equivalent of 114,353
shares being added to basic weighted average shares outstanding for purposes of determining diluted earnings per share, while a
weighted average of 146,900 stock options were excluded from the calculation because they were underwater and thus anti-dilutive.
For the third quarter of 2015 the equivalent of 123,469 shares were added in calculating diluted earnings per share while 169,300
anti-dilutive stock options were excluded. Likewise, for the first nine months of 2016 the equivalent of 114,149 shares were added
to basic weighted average shares outstanding in calculating diluted earnings per share and a weighted average of 196,900 stock
options that were anti-dilutive for the period were excluded, compared to the inclusion of the equivalent of 125,377 shares and
exclusion of 171,700 anti-dilutive options in calculating diluted earnings per share for first nine months of 2015. 

Note 7   Comprehensive
Income   

As presented in the Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income, comprehensive income includes net income and other comprehensive income. The Company s only source
of other comprehensive income is unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investment securities. Gains or losses on investment
securities that were realized and reflected in net income of the current period, which had previously been included in other comprehensive
income as unrealized holding gains or losses in the period in which they arose, are considered to be reclassification adjustments
that are excluded from other comprehensive income in the current period. 

Note 8   Financial Instruments
with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk   

The Company is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business. Those financial instruments currently consist of unused commitments
to extend credit and standby letters of credit. They involve, to varying degrees, elements of risk in excess of the amount recognized
in the balance sheet. The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties for commitments
to extend credit and letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same
credit policies in making commitments and issuing letters of credit as it does for originating loans included on the balance sheet.
The following financial instruments represent off-balance-sheet credit risk (dollars in thousands): 

Commitments to extend credit consist primarily
of the unused or unfunded portions of the following: home equity lines of credit; commercial real estate construction loans, where
disbursements are made over the course of construction; commercial revolving lines of credit; mortgage warehouse lines of credit;
unsecured personal lines of credit; and formalized (disclosed) deposit account overdraft lines. Commitments generally have fixed
expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many commitments are expected to expire without
being drawn upon, the unused portions of committed amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Standby letters
of credit are generally unsecured and are issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party, and
the credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as the risk involved in extending loans to customers. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company was also
utilizing a letter of credit in the amount of $97 million issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank on the Company s behalf as
security for certain deposits and to facilitate certain credit arrangements with the Company s customers. That letter of
credit is backed by loans which are pledged to the FHLB by the Company. 

8   

Note 9   Fair Value Disclosures
and Reporting, the Fair Value Option and Fair Value Measurements    

FASB s standards on financial instruments, and on fair
value measurements and disclosures, require all entities to disclose in their financial statement footnotes the estimated fair
values of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate fair values. In addition to disclosure requirements, FASB s
standard on investments requires that our debt securities which are classified as available for sale and our equity securities
that have readily determinable fair values be measured and reported at fair value in our statement of financial position. Certain
impaired loans are also reported at fair value, as explained in greater detail below, and foreclosed assets are carried at the
lower of cost or fair value. FASB s standard on financial instruments permits companies to report certain other financial
assets and liabilities at fair value, but we have not elected the fair value option for any of those financial instruments. 

Fair value measurement and disclosure standards also establish
a framework for measuring fair values. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid
to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability, in an orderly
transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Further, the standards establish a fair value hierarchy that encourages
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and limit the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair values. The standards
describe three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values: 

Level 1 : Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability
to access as of the measurement date.   

Level 2 : Significant observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities,
quoted prices in markets that are not active, and other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data.   

Level 3 : Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the factors that market
participants would likely consider in pricing an asset or liability.   

Fair value estimates are made at a specific
point in time based on relevant market data and information about the financial instruments. The estimates do not reflect any premium
or discount that could result from offering the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument for sale at
one time, nor do they attempt to estimate the value of anticipated future business related to the instruments. In addition, the
tax ramifications related to realized gains and losses could have a significant effect on fair value estimates but have not been
considered in those estimates. Because no active market exists for a significant portion of our financial instruments, fair value
disclosures are based on judgments regarding current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments
and other factors. The estimates are subjective and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment, and therefore cannot
be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly alter the fair values presented. The following methods
and assumptions were used by the Company to estimate its financial instrument fair values disclosed at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015: 

Cash and cash equivalents and fed funds sold : The carrying amount is estimated to be fair value.   

Investment securities : Fair values are determined by obtaining quoted prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges
or by matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities by relying on their
relationship to other benchmark quoted securities when quoted prices for specific securities are not readily available.   

Loans and leases : For variable-rate loans and leases that re-price frequently with no significant change in credit risk
or interest rate spread, fair values are based on carrying values. Fair values for other loans and leases are estimated by discounting
projected cash flows at interest rates being offered at each reporting date for loans and leases with similar terms, to borrowers
of comparable creditworthiness. The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable approximates its fair value.   

Loans held for sale : Since loans designated by the Company as available-for-sale are typically sold shortly after making
the decision to sell them, realized gains or losses are usually recognized within the same period and fluctuations in fair values
are not relevant for reporting purposes. If available-for-sale loans are on our books for an extended period of time, the fair
value of those loans is determined using quoted secondary-market prices.   

Collateral-dependent impaired loans : Collateral-dependent impaired loans are carried at fair value when it is probable
that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement and
the loan has been written down to the fair value of its underlying collateral, net of expected disposition costs where applicable.   

Cash surrender value of life insurance policies : Fair values are based on net cash surrender values at each reporting
date.   

Investments in, and capital commitments to, limited partnerships : The fair values of our limited partner investments
in low-income housing tax credit funds and other limited partnership investments are estimated using quarterly indications of value
provided by the general partners. The fair values of undisbursed capital commitments are assumed to be the same as their book values.   

Other investments : Certain investments for which no secondary market exists are carried at cost and the carrying amount
for those investments typically approximates their estimated fair value, unless an impairment analysis indicates the need for adjustments.   

Deposits : Fair values for non-maturity deposits are equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date, which
is the carrying amount. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a cash flow analysis, discounted
at interest rates being offered at each reporting date by the Bank for certificates with similar remaining maturities. The carrying
amount of accrued interest payable approximates its fair value.   

Short-term borrowings : Current carrying amounts are used as an approximation of fair values for federal funds purchased,
overnight advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ), borrowings under repurchase agreements, and other short-term
borrowings maturing within ninety days of the reporting dates. Fair values of other short-term borrowings are estimated by discounting
projected cash flows at the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.   

Long-term borrowings : Fair values are estimated using projected cash flows discounted at the Company s current
incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.   

Subordinated debentures : Fair values are determined based on the current market value for like instruments of a similar
maturity and structure.   

Commitments to extend credit and letters of credit : If funded, the carrying amounts for
currently unused commitments would provide an equivalent measure of fair values for the newly created financial assets at the funding
date. However, because of the high degree of uncertainty with regard to whether or not those commitments will ultimately be funded,
fair values for loan commitments and letters of credit in their current undisbursed state cannot reasonably be estimated, and only
notional values are disclosed in the table below.  

9   

Estimated fair values for the Company s financial instruments
are as follows, as of the dates noted: 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

Notional Amount     
 
     Off-balance-sheet financial instruments:    

Commitments to extend credit    
     $  399,273     
 
     Standby letters of credit    
        8,456     

10   

For financial asset categories that were actually reported at
fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company used the following methods and significant assumptions: 

Investment securities : Fair values are determined by obtaining quoted prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges
or by matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities by relying on their
relationship to other benchmark quoted securities.   

Collateral-dependent impaired loans : Collateral-dependent impaired loans are carried at fair value when it is probable
that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement and
the loan has been written down to the fair value of its underlying collateral, net of expected disposition costs where applicable.   

Foreclosed assets : Repossessed real estate (known as other real estate owned, or  OREO ) and other foreclosed
assets are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Fair value is the appraised value less expected selling costs for OREO and
some other assets such as mobile homes, and fair values for any other foreclosed assets are represented by estimated sales proceeds
as determined using reasonably available sources. Foreclosed assets for which appraisals can be feasibly obtained are periodically
measured for impairment using updated appraisals. Fair values for other foreclosed assets are adjusted as necessary, subsequent
to a periodic re-evaluation of expected cash flows and the timing of resolution. If impairment is determined to exist, the book
value of a foreclosed asset is immediately written down to its estimated impaired value through the income statement, thus the
carrying amount is equal to the fair value and there is no valuation allowance.   

Assets reported at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized
below: 

Fair Value Measurements - Recurring 

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited)                 

11   

Assets reported at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are summarized
below: 

Fair Value Measurements - Nonrecurring 

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited)               

Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2016, using     

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for  Identical Assets (Level 1)       
     Significant Observable Inputs  (Level 2)       
     Significant Unobservable Inputs  (Level 3)       
     Total     
 
     Impaired loans    

Real Estate:    

1-4 family residential construction    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
             Other construction/land    
        -       
        70       
        -       
        70     
 
             1-4 family - closed-end    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
             Equity lines    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
             Multi-family residential    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
             Commercial real estate - owner occupied    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
             Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied    
        -       
        69       
        -       
        69     
 
             Farmland    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
                Total real estate    
        -       
        139       
        -       
        139     
 
           Agriculture    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
           Commercial and industrial    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
           Consumer loans    
        -       
        26       
        -       
        26     
 
     Total impaired loans    
        -       
        165       
        -       
        165     
 
     Foreclosed assets    
     $  -       
     $  2,782       
     $  -       
     $  2,782     
 
           Total assets measured on a nonrecurring basis    
     $  -       
     $  2,947       
     $  -       
     $  2,947     

The table above includes collateral-dependent
impaired loan balances for which a specific reserve has been established or on which a write-down has been taken. Information on
the Company s total impaired loan balances and specific loss reserves associated with those balances is included in Note
11 below, and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation in the  Nonperforming
Assets  and  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses  sections. 

The unobservable inputs are based on Management s
best estimates of appropriate discounts in arriving at fair market value. Increases or decreases in any of those inputs could result
in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. For example, an increase or decrease in actual loss rates would create
a directionally opposite change in the fair value of unsecured impaired loans. 

12   

Note 10   Investments    

Investment Securities  

Although the Company currently has the intent
and the ability to hold the securities in its investment portfolio to maturity, the securities are all marketable and are classified
as  available for sale  to allow maximum flexibility with regard to interest rate risk and liquidity management. Pursuant
to FASB s guidance on accounting for debt and equity securities, available for sale securities are carried on the Company s
financial statements at their estimated fair market values, with monthly tax-effected  mark-to-market  adjustments
made vis- -vis accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders  equity. 

Amortized Cost And Estimated Fair Value 

The amortized cost and estimated fair
value of investment securities available-for-sale are as follows (dollars in thousands, unaudited): 

13   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company had 120 securities and 175 securities, respectively, with unrealized losses. Management has evaluated those securities
as of the respective dates, and does not believe that any of the unrealized losses are other than temporary. Gross unrealized losses
on our investment securities as of the indicated dates are disclosed in the table below, categorized by investment type and by
the duration of time that loss positions on individual securities have continuously existed (over or under twelve months). 

Investment Portfolio - Unrealized Losses 

(dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

The table below summarizes the Company s gross realized
gains and losses as well as gross proceeds from the sales of securities, for the periods indicated: 

Investment Portfolio - Realized Gains/(Losses) 

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited)               

14   

The amortized cost and estimated fair value
of investment securities available-for-sale at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are shown below, grouped by the remaining
time to contractual maturity dates. The expected life of investment securities may not be consistent with contractual maturity
dates, since the issuers of the securities could have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. 

Estimated Fair Value
of Contractual Maturities   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

At September
30, 2016, the Company s investment portfolio included securities issued by 314 different government municipalities and agencies
located within 32 states with a fair value of $113.6 million. The largest exposure to any single municipality or agency was a $926,000
(fair value) bond issued by the Northern Inyo County Hospital District in California, to be repaid by property taxes.   

The Company s
investments in bonds issued by states, municipalities and political subdivisions are evaluated in accordance with Supervision and
Regulation Letter 12-15 issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,  Investing in Securities without
Reliance on Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization Ratings,  and other regulatory guidance. Credit ratings
are considered in our analysis only as a guide to the historical default rate associated with similarly-rated bonds. There have
been no significant differences in our internal analyses compared with the ratings assigned by the third party credit rating agencies.  

15   

The following
table summarizes the amortized cost and fair values of general obligation and revenue bonds in the Company s investment securities
portfolio at the indicated dates, identifying the state in which the issuing municipality or agency operates for our largest geographic
concentrations:  

Revenue and General Obligation Bonds by Location   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

The revenue
bonds in the Company s investment securities portfolios were issued by government municipalities and agencies to fund public
services such as utilities (water, sewer, and power), educational facilities, and general public and economic improvements. The
primary sources of revenue for these bonds are delineated in the table below, which shows the amortized cost and fair market values
for the largest revenue concentrations as of the indicated dates.  

Revenue Bonds by Type   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

16   

Low-Income Housing Tax Credit ( LIHTC ) Fund
Investments  

The Company has the ability to invest in limited partnerships
which own housing projects that qualify for federal and/or California state tax credits, by mandating a specified percentage of
low-income tenants for each project. The tax credits flow through to investors, supplementing any returns that might be derived
from an increase in property values. Because rent levels are lower than standard market rents and the projects are generally highly
leveraged, each project also typically generates tax-deductible operating losses that are allocated to the limited partners. 

The Company invested in seven LIHTC fund limited partnerships
from 2001 through 2007, and in the second quarter of 2016 we committed $3 million to another such fund. Our investments to date
have all been in California-focused funds which help the Company meet its obligations under the Community Reinvestment Act. We
utilize the equity method of accounting for our LIHTC fund investments. Under the equity method, our balance sheet initially reflects
an asset that represents the total cash expected to be invested over the life of the partnership. Any commitments or contingent
commitments for future investment are reflected as a liability. The income statement treatment under the equity method reflects
tax credits received by the Company  below the line  within the income tax provision, while fund operating results
are included  above the line  in non-interest income. As noted above, operating results are typically losses that are
netted against non-interest income. 

As of September 30, 2016 our total LIHTC investment balance
was $7.1 million, which includes $2.1 million in remaining commitments for additional capital contributions to the limited partnerships.
There were $515,000 in tax credits derived from our LIHTC investments that were recognized during the nine months ended September
30, 2016, and a pass-through operating loss of $788,000 associated with those investments was included in pre-tax income for the
same time period. Our LIHTC investments are evaluated annually for potential impairment, and we have concluded that the carrying
value of the investments is stated fairly and is not impaired. 

Note 11   Credit Quality
and Nonperforming Assets    

Credit Quality Classifications  

The Company monitors the credit quality of loans on a continuous
basis using the regulatory and accounting classifications of pass, special mention, substandard and impaired to characterize the
associated credit risk. Balances classified as  loss  are immediately charged off. The Company conforms to the following
definitions for risk classifications utilized: 

Pass : Larger non-homogeneous loans not meeting the risk rating definitions below, and smaller homogeneous loans that
are not assessed on an individual basis.   

Special mention : Loans which have potential issues that deserve the close attention of Management. If left uncorrected,
those potential weaknesses could eventually diminish the prospects for full repayment of principal and interest according to the
contractual terms of the loan agreement, or could result in deterioration of the Company s credit position at some future
date.   

Substandard : Loans that have at least one clear and well-defined weakness that could jeopardize the ultimate recoverability
of all principal and interest, such as a borrower displaying a highly leveraged position, unfavorable financial operating results
and/or trends, uncertain repayment sources or a deteriorated financial condition.   

Impaired : A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company
will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans include all
nonperforming loans and restructured troubled debt ( TDRs ). A TDR may be nonperforming or performing, depending on
its accrual status and the demonstrated ability of the borrower to comply with restructured terms (see  Troubled Debt Restructurings 
section below for additional information on TDRs).   

17   

Credit quality classifications for the Company s loan
balances were as follows, as of the dates indicated: 

Credit Quality Classifications 

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited)                     

18   

Past Due and Nonperforming Assets  

Nonperforming assets are comprised of loans for which the Company
is no longer accruing interest, and foreclosed assets, including mobile homes and OREO. OREO consists of real properties acquired
by foreclosure or similar means, which the Company is offering or will offer for sale. Nonperforming loans and leases result when
reasonable doubt surfaces with regard to the ability of the Company to collect all principal and interest. At that point, we stop
accruing interest on the loan or lease in question and reverse any previously-recognized interest to the extent that it is uncollected
or associated with interest-reserve loans. Any asset for which principal or interest has been in default for 90 days or more is
also placed on non-accrual status even if interest is still being received, unless the asset is both well secured and in the process
of collection. An aging of the Company s loan balances is presented in the following tables, by number of days past due as
of the indicated dates: 

Loan Portfolio Aging 

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited)                           

(2)     Included
in total financing receivables  

(2)     Included
in total financing receivables  

19   

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

A loan that is modified for a borrower who is experiencing financial
difficulty is classified as a troubled debt restructuring if the modification constitutes a concession. At September 30, 2016,
the Company had a total of $17.4 million in TDRs, including $2.9 million in TDRs that were on non-accrual status. Generally, a
non-accrual loan that has been modified as a TDR remains on non-accrual status for a period of at least six months to demonstrate
the borrower s ability to comply with the modified terms. However, performance prior to the modification, or significant
events that coincide with the modification, could result in a loan s return to accrual status after a shorter performance
period or even at the time of loan modification. Regardless of the period of time that has elapsed, if the borrower s ability
to meet the revised payment schedule is uncertain then the loan will be kept on non-accrual status. Moreover, a TDR is generally
considered to be in default when it appears that the customer will not likely be able to repay all principal and interest pursuant
to restructured terms. 

The Company may agree to different types of concessions when
modifying a loan or lease. The tables below summarize TDRs which were modified during the noted periods, by type of concession: 

Troubled Debt Restructurings, by Type of Loan Modification 

(dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

20   

Troubled Debt Restructurings, by Type of Loan Modification   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

21   

The following tables present, by class, additional details related
to loans classified as TDRs during the referenced periods, including the recorded investment in the loan both before and after
modification and balances that were modified during the period: 

(1)   This represents the change in the ALLL reserve for these
credits measured as the difference between the specific post-modification impairment reserve and the pre-modification reserve
calculated under our general allowance for loan loss methodology. 

(1)   This represents the change in the ALLL reserve for these
credits measured as the difference between the specific post-modification impairment reserve and the pre-modification reserve
calculated under our general allowance for loan loss methodology. 

22   

(1)   This represents the change in the ALLL reserve for these
credits measured as the difference between the specific post-modification impairment reserve and the pre-modification reserve
calculated under our general allowance for loan loss methodology. 

(1)   This represents the change in the ALLL reserve for these
credits measured as the difference between the specific post-modification impairment reserve and the pre-modification reserve
calculated under our general allowance for loan loss methodology. 

The company had no finance receivables modified as TDRs within
the previous twelve months that defaulted or were charged off during the three month or nine month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 respectively. 

23   

Purchased Credit Impaired Loans 

The Company
may acquire loans which show evidence of credit deterioration since origination. These purchased credit impaired ( PCI )
loans are recorded at the amount paid, since there is no carryover of the seller s allowance for loan losses. Potential losses
on PCI loans subsequent to acquisition are recognized by an increase in the allowance for loan losses. PCI loans are accounted
for individually or are aggregated into pools of loans based on common risk characteristics. The Company estimates the amount and
timing of expected cash flows, and expected cash receipts in excess of the amount paid for the loan(s) are recorded as interest
income over the remaining life of the loan or pool of loans (accretable yield). The excess of contractual principal and interest
over expected cash flows is not recorded (nonaccretable difference). Expected cash flows are periodically re-evaluated throughout
the life of the loan or pool of loans. If the present value of the expected cash flows is determined at any time to be less than
the carrying amount, a reserve is recorded. If the present value of the expected cash flows is greater than the carrying amount,
it is recognized as part of future interest income.  

Our acquisitions
of Santa Clara Valley Bank in the fourth quarter of 2014 and Coast in the third quarter of 2016 included certain loans which have
shown evidence of credit deterioration since origination, and for which it was probable at acquisition that all contractually required
payments would not be collected. The carrying amount and unpaid principal balance of those PCI loans was as follows, as of the
dates indicated (dollars in thousands):  

Purchased Credit Impaired Loans: 

 (dollars is thousands, unaudited)       

An allowance
for loan losses totaling $112,000 was allocated for PCI loans as of September 30, 2016, as compared to $121,000 at December 31,
2015. We also recorded approximately $48,000 in discount accretion on PCI loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

24   

Note 12   Allowance for Loan
and Lease Losses    

The Company s allowance for loan and lease losses, a contra-asset,
is established through a provision for loan and lease losses. The allowance is maintained at a level that is considered adequate
to absorb probable losses on certain specifically identified loans, as well as probable incurred losses inherent in the remaining
loan portfolio. Specifically identifiable and quantifiable losses are immediately charged off against the allowance; recoveries
are generally recorded only when cash payments are received subsequent to the charge off. We employ a systematic methodology, consistent
with FASB guidelines on loss contingencies and impaired loans, for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan
and lease losses and adjusting it at least quarterly. Pursuant to that methodology, impaired loans and leases are individually
analyzed and a criticized asset action plan is completed specifying the financial status of the borrower and, if applicable, the
characteristics and condition of collateral and any associated liquidation plan. A specific loss allowance is created for each
impaired loan, if necessary. 

The following tables disclose the unpaid principal balance,
recorded investment, average recorded investment, and interest income recognized for impaired loans on our books as of the dates
indicated. Balances are shown by loan type, and are further broken out by those that required an allowance and those that did not,
with the associated allowance disclosed for those that required such. Included in the valuation allowance for impaired loans shown
in the tables below are specific reserves allocated to TDRs, totaling $1.460 million at September 30, 2016 and $1.486 million at
December 31, 2015. 

Impaired Loans   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

(1)     Contractual
principal balance due from customer.  

(2)     Principal
balance on Company s books, less any direct charge offs.  

(3)     Interest
income is recognized on performing balances on a regular accrual basis.  

25   

(1)     Contractual
principal balance due from customer.  

(2)     Principal
balance on Company s books, less any direct charge offs.  

(3)     Interest
income is recognized on performing balances on a regular accrual basis.  

The specific loss allowance for an impaired loan generally represents
the difference between the book value of the loan and either the fair value of underlying collateral less estimated disposition
costs, or the loan s net present value as determined by a discounted cash flow analysis. The discounted cash flow approach
is typically used to measure impairment on loans for which it is anticipated that repayment will be provided from cash flows other
than those generated solely by the disposition or operation of underlying collateral. However, historical loss rates may be used
to determine a specific loss allowance if they indicate a higher potential reserve need than the discounted cash flow analysis.
Any change in impairment attributable to the passage of time is accommodated by adjusting the loss allowance accordingly. 

For loans where repayment is expected to be provided by the
disposition or operation of the underlying collateral, impairment is measured using the fair value of the collateral. If the collateral
value, net of the expected costs of disposition where applicable, is less than the loan balance, then a specific loss reserve is
established for the shortfall in collateral coverage. If the discounted collateral value is greater than or equal to the loan balance,
no specific loss reserve is required. At the time a collateral-dependent loan is designated as nonperforming, a new appraisal is
ordered and typically received within 30 to 60 days if a recent appraisal is not already available. We generally use external appraisals
to determine the fair value of the underlying collateral for nonperforming real estate loans, although the Company s licensed
staff appraisers may update older appraisals based on current market conditions and property value trends. Until an updated appraisal
is received, the Company uses the existing appraisal to determine the amount of the specific loss allowance that may be required.
The specific loss allowance is adjusted, as necessary, once a new appraisal is received. Updated appraisals are generally ordered
at least annually for collateral-dependent loans that remain impaired. Current appraisals were available or in process for 93%
of the Company s impaired real estate loan balances at September 30, 2016. Furthermore, the Company analyzes collateral-dependent
loans on at least a quarterly basis, to determine if any portion of the recorded investment in such loans can be identified as
uncollectible and would therefore constitute a confirmed loss. All amounts deemed to be uncollectible are promptly charged off
against the Company s allowance for loan and lease losses, with the loan then carried at the fair value of the collateral,
as appraised, less estimated costs of disposition if applicable. Once a charge-off or write-down is recorded, it will not be restored
to the loan balance on the Company s accounting books. 

26   

Our methodology also provides for the establishment of a  general 
allowance for probable incurred losses inherent in loans and leases that are not impaired. Unimpaired loan balances are segregated
by credit quality, and are then evaluated in pools with common characteristics. At the present time, pools are based on the same
segmentation of loan types presented in our regulatory filings. While this methodology utilizes historical loss data and other
measurable information, the credit classification of loans and the establishment of the allowance for loan and lease losses are
both to some extent based on Management s judgment and experience. Our methodology incorporates a variety of risk considerations,
both quantitative and qualitative, in establishing an allowance for loan and lease losses that Management believes is appropriate
at each reporting date. Quantitative information includes our historical loss experience, delinquency and charge-off trends, and
current collateral values. Qualitative factors include the general economic environment in our markets and, in particular, the
condition of the agricultural industry and other key industries. Lending policies and procedures (including underwriting standards),
the experience and abilities of lending staff, the quality of loan review, credit concentrations (by geography, loan type, industry
and collateral type), the rate of loan portfolio growth, and changes in legal or regulatory requirements are additional factors
that are considered. The total general reserve established for probable incurred losses on unimpaired loans was $8.090 million
at September 30, 2016. 

There were no material changes to the methodology used to determine
our allowance for loan and lease losses during the three months ended September 30, 2016, although in recognition of relatively
low loan loss rates in recent periods upward adjustments were made to the ranges for qualitative factor multipliers. We continue
to consider the estimated impact of drought conditions and lower oil prices on credit quality, in evaluating the adequacy of our
allowance. As we add new products and expand our geographic coverage, and as the economic environment changes, we expect to enhance
our methodology to keep pace with the size and complexity of the loan and lease portfolio and respond to pressures created by external
forces. We engage outside firms on a regular basis to assess our methodology and perform independent credit reviews of our loan
and lease portfolio. In addition, the Company s external auditors, the FDIC, and the California DBO review the allowance
for loan and lease losses as an integral part of their audit and examination processes. Management believes that the current methodology
is appropriate given our size and level of complexity. 

The tables that follow detail the activity in the allowance
for loan and lease losses for the periods noted: 

Allowance for Credit Losses and Recorded Investment in Financing Receivables 

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited)                         

27   

Note 13   Acquisition   

In January 2016 the Company entered into a definitive agreement
to acquire Coast Bancorp, the holding company for Coast National Bank. The transaction closed on July 8, 2016, and immediately
following the acquisition Coast National Bank was merged with and into Bank of the Sierra. Coast National Bank was a community
bank with branch offices in San Luis Obispo, Paso Robles, and Arroyo Grande, and a loan production office in Atascadero, California.
Shortly after transaction closing, the Atascadero location was converted into a full-service branch office. The aggregate consideration
tendered by the Company in its acquisition of Coast consisted of 599,226 shares of Sierra Bancorp common stock and $3.3 million
in cash. One-time acquisition costs added $1.695 million to the Company s pre-tax non-interest expense in the third quarter
of 2016 and $2.037 million for the first nine months of 2016. There are additional non-recurring acquisition costs that the Company
will expense or accrue for by year-end, but the amount of such costs cannot yet be determined with any degree of certainty. 

In accordance with GAAP, acquired assets and liabilities are
reflected on the Company s books at their estimated fair values and there was no carryover of the allowance for loan losses
that had previously been recorded by Coast. At the merger date the Coast acquisition contributed approximately $94 million to the
Company s outstanding loan balances, $23 million to investment securities, $7 million to time certificates with other banks,
and $129 million to total deposits. The acquired investment balances included $15 million in corporate bonds and other securities
that were sold by the Company shortly after the acquisition. The transaction also involved Sierra Bancorp s acquisition of
100% of the voting equity of Coast Bancorp Statutory Trust II, and Sierra Bancorp s assumption of $7 million in associated
junior subordinated debentures which were booked at their fair value of $3.4 million. The Company recorded a deferred income tax
asset of $326,000, goodwill of $1.0 million, and a core deposit intangible of $1.8 million in conjunction with the acquisition.
Goodwill represents the excess of consideration transferred over the fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired. The core
deposit intangible is being amortized on a straight line basis over eight years, commencing at the date of acquisition. 

28   

The following table discloses the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed from Coast as of July 8, 2016, and the provisional fair value adjustments and amounts recorded by the Company in 2016 under
the acquisition method of accounting: 

The fair values are preliminary estimates and are subject to
adjustment for up to one year after the merger date or when additional information relative to the closing date fair values becomes
available and such information is considered final, whichever is earlier. 

For loans acquired from Coast, the contractual amounts due,
expected cash flows to be collected, interest component and fair value as of the acquisition date were as follows: 

Acquired Loans   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
there was no carry over of the allowance for loan losses that had been previously recorded by Coast. 

29   

The operating results of the Company for the nine months ending
September 30, 2016 include the operating results of Coast since the acquisition date. The following table presents the net interest
and other income, net income and earnings per share as if the acquisition of Coast were effective January 1, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
There were no material, nonrecurring adjustments to the pro forma net interest and other income, net income and earnings per share
presented below: 

Note 14   Recent Developments    

On May 13, 2016, the Company acquired certain loans and deposits
from Citizens Business Bank concurrent with the closure of that bank s Porterville branch. At the time of acquisition there
were a total of $10 million in deposits and $1 million in loans, which we consolidated into our Porterville Main office. 

On July 8, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Coast
Bancorp (see Note 13 to the financial statements, Acquisition). 

30   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  ITEM 2  

    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND   

  ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION   

  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS   

This Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements that involve
inherent risks and uncertainties. Words such as  expects ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  projects ,
and  estimates  or variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult
to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed, forecast in, or implied by such
forward-looking statements. 

A variety of factors could have a material adverse impact on
the Company s financial condition or results of operations, and should be considered when evaluating the Company s
potential future financial performance. They include, but are not limited to, the potential impact of extreme drought conditions
on businesses and consumers located in the Company s market areas; unfavorable economic conditions in the Company s
service areas; risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates; liquidity risks; increases in nonperforming assets and credit
losses that could occur, particularly in times of weak economic conditions or rising interest rates; reductions in the market value
of available-for-sale securities that could result if interest rates increase substantially or an issuer has real or perceived
financial difficulties; the Company s ability to attract and retain skilled employees; the Company s ability to successfully
deploy new technology; the success of acquisitions or branch expansion; and risks associated with the multitude of current and
prospective laws and regulations to which the Company is and will be subject. Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from results that might be implied by forward-looking statements include the risk factors disclosed in the Company s
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The Company s financial statements are prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The financial information and disclosures contained within
those statements are significantly impacted by Management s estimates and judgments, which are based on historical experience
and incorporate various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under current circumstances. Actual results may differ from
those estimates under divergent conditions. 

Critical accounting policies are those that involve the most
complex and subjective decisions and assessments, and have the greatest potential impact on the Company s stated results
of operations. In Management s opinion, the Company s critical accounting policies deal with the following areas: the
establishment of the allowance for loan and lease losses, as explained in detail in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements
and in the  Provision for Loan and Lease Losses  and  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses  sections of
this discussion and analysis; the valuation of impaired loans and foreclosed assets, as discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated
financial statements; income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities, especially with regard to the ability of the Company
to recover deferred tax assets as discussed in the  Provision for Income Taxes  and  Other Assets  sections
of this discussion and analysis; and goodwill and other intangible assets, which are evaluated annually for impairment and for
which we have determined that no impairment exists, as discussed in the  Other Assets  section of this discussion and
analysis. Critical accounting areas are evaluated on an ongoing basis to ensure that the Company s financial statements incorporate
our most recent expectations with regard to those areas. 

31   

OVERVIEW OF THE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

  AND FINANCIAL CONDITION  

results of operations
Summary  

Third Quarter 2016 compared to Third Quarter 2015  

Net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $3.929
million, representing a decline of $481,000, or 11%, relative to net income of $4.410 million for the quarter ended September 30,
2015. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2016 were both $0.28, compared to $0.33 basic and diluted earnings
per share for the third quarter of 2015. The Company s annualized return on average equity was 7.50% and annualized return
on average assets was 0.81% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to 9.32% and 1.03%, respectively, for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. The primary drivers behind the variance in third quarter net income are as follows: 

Total non-interest expense reflects an increase of $3.836 million, or 31%, due to non-recurring acquisition costs totaling
$1.695 million that were recognized in the third quarter of 2016, as well as ongoing costs stemming from the acquisition that are
included in personnel costs, occupancy expense, marketing expense, data processing costs, and deposit costs. Non-acquisition increases
are also evident in personnel costs, debit card processing costs, and foreclosed assets expense. Lower telecommunications expense
helped offset some of the other expense increases.   

Net interest income was up by $2.030 million, or 14%, due to growth in average interest-earning assets totaling $198 million,
or 13%, and an improvement of three basis points in our net interest margin. There was no loan loss provision recorded in either
quarter.   

Total non-interest income increased by $730,000, or 17%, due primarily to higher income on Bank-owned life insurance ( BOLI ),
increased activity-based fees from commercial customers, higher debit card interchange income, and lower costs associated with
our limited partnership investments (which costs are reflected as an offset to income).   

The Company s provision for income taxes was 32% of pre-tax income in the third quarter of 2016 relative to 36% in the
third quarter of 2015. Lower pre-tax income and higher non-taxable BOLI income generally reduced the tax accrual rate for 2016,
but the impact of those factors was partially negated for the third quarter by declining tax credits.   

First Nine Months of 2016 compared to First Nine Months of
2015  

Net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $12.050 million,
representing a decline of $654,000, or 5%, relative to net income of $12.704 million for the first nine months of 2015. For the
first nine months of 2016 basic earnings per share were $0.90 and diluted earnings per share were $0.89, compared to $0.94 basic
earnings per share and $0.93 diluted earnings per share for the first nine months of 2015. The Company s annualized return
on average equity was 8.08% and annualized return on average assets was 0.89% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to a return on equity of 9.02% and return on assets of 1.01% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The primary drivers
behind the variance in year-to-date net income are as follows: 

Total non-interest expense increased by $4.819 million, or 13%, due to non-recurring acquisition costs of $2.037 million in
the first nine months of 2016, in addition to relatively large increases in personnel costs, occupancy expense, debit card processing
costs, foreclosed assets expense, and legal/accounting costs. The expense increases were offset in part by a non-recurring reversal
of certain director retirement plan accruals in the first quarter of 2016, and lower telecommunications costs.   

Net interest income increased $2.804 million, or 6%, due to the positive impact of an increase of $117 million, or 8%, in average
interest-earning assets that was partially offset by a five basis point drop in our net interest margin. There was no loan loss
provision recorded in either period.   

Total non-interest income was up $937,000, or 7%, due to fees earned from increased activity on commercial accounts, higher
overdraft income, higher debit card interchange income, and lower costs associated with our limited partnership investments, offset
in part by lower gains from the sale of investments and lower dividends on our FHLB stock.   

The Company s provision for income taxes was 33% of pre-tax income for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015. As with
the quarter, lower pre-tax income and higher non-taxable BOLI income exerted downward pressure on our tax accrual rate for 2016,
but the impact of those factors was almost entirely offset for the year-to-date period by declining tax credits.   

32   

Financial Condition
Summary  

September 30, 2016 relative to December 31, 2015  

The Company s assets totaled $1.973 billion at September
30, 2016, relative to total assets of $1.797 billion at December 31, 2015. Total liabilities were $1.765 billion at September 30,
2016 compared to $1.606 billion at the end of 2015, and shareholders  equity totaled $209 million at September 30, 2016 compared
to $190 million at December 31, 2015. The acquisition of Coast Bancorp ( Coast ) on July 8, 2016 had a significant
impact on the Company s balance sheet growth for the first nine months of 2016, including increases in loans, investments,
deposits and TRUPS, as noted below, as well as the addition of a $1.827 million core deposit intangible and an increase of $1.024
million in goodwill on the acquisition date. The following is a summary of key balance sheet changes during the first nine months
of 2016: 

Cash and balances due from banks increased $17 million,
or 35%, due in part to $7 million in time deposits at other financial institutions that came from the Coast acquisition, as well
as cash required for former Coast branches and our new Sanger branch. 

Investment securities were up $28 million due in part
to new bond purchases, as well as the net addition of approximately $9 million in securities from the Coast acquisition. 

Gross loans increased by $123 million, or 11%, due to
the addition of $94 million in loans via the Coast acquisition and organic growth in real estate loans, agricultural production
loans, and outstanding balances on mortgage warehouse lines. Loan growth for the period was also augmented by an $11 million increase
in loan participations purchased by Bank of the Sierra. 

Total nonperforming assets, namely non-accrual loans
and foreclosed assets, were reduced by $4 million, or 29%, including the return to accrual status of our single largest remaining
nonperforming loan. There were approximately $2 million in nonperforming loans included with the Coast acquisition, but most of
those balances had been sold by September 30, 2016. The Company s ratio of nonperforming assets to total loans plus foreclosed
assets was 0.72% at September 30, 2016, compared to 1.13% at December 31, 2015 and 1.69% at September 30, 2015. 

Deposit balances reflect net growth of $169 million,
or 12%, including balances from Coast that totaled $129 million at the acquisition date, deposits from our branch acquisition
in May which totaled $10 million at the acquisition date, and a $20 million increase in time deposits from the State of California.
Pure organic growth has been relatively limited thus far in 2016. 

Junior subordinated debentures increased by over $3 million
due to $7 million in trust-preferred securities from Coast that were booked at their fair value, but other borrowings were reduced
by $6 million, or 7%. 

Total capital reflects an increase of $18 million, or
10%, due to the impact of shares issued as part of the consideration for the acquisition, a rising level of retained earnings,
and an increase in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of the cost of common stock repurchased by the Company. Our consolidated
total risk-based capital ratio increased slightly, to 17.04% at September 30, 2016 from 17.01% at year-end 2015, and remains strong
relative to peer banks. 

EARNINGS PERFORMANCE   

The Company earns income from two primary sources. The first
is net interest income, which is interest income generated by earning assets less interest expense on deposits and other borrowed
money. The second is non-interest income, which primarily consists of customer service charges and fees but also comes from non-customer
sources such as bank-owned life insurance. The majority of the Company s non-interest expense is comprised of operating costs
that facilitate offering a full range of banking services to our customers. 

NET
INTEREST INCOME AND NET INTEREST MARGIN   

Net interest income increased by $2.030 million, or 14%, for
the third quarter of 2016 relative to the third quarter of 2015, and by $2.804 million, or 6%, for the first nine months of 2016
compared to the first nine months of 2015. The level of net interest income we recognize in any given period depends on a combination
of factors including the average volume and yield for interest-earning assets, the average volume and cost of interest-bearing
liabilities, and the mix of products which comprise the Company s earning assets, deposits, and other interest-bearing liabilities.
Net interest income is also impacted by the reversal of interest for loans placed on non-accrual status during the reporting period,
and the recovery of interest on loans that had been on non-accrual and were paid off, sold or returned to accrual status. 

33   

The following tables show average balances for significant balance
sheet categories and the amount of interest income or interest expense associated with each category for the noted periods. The
tables also display the calculated yields on each major component of the Company s investment and loan portfolios, the average
rates paid on each key segment of the Company s interest-bearing liabilities, and our net interest margin for the noted periods. 

Average Balances and Rates   

 (dollars in thousands, except per share
    data) 

(1)   Average balances are obtained from the best available daily
or monthly data and are net of deferred fees and related direct costs. 

(2)   Yields and net interest margin have been computed on a
tax equivalent basis utilizing a 35% effective tax rate. 

(3)   Annualized 

(4)   Loan fees (costs) have been included in the calculation
of interest income. Loan fees (costs) were approximately $156 thousand and $(56) thousand for the quarters ended September 30,
2016 and 2015. Loans are gross of the allowance for possible loan losses. 

(5)   Non-accrual loans have been included in total loans for
purposes of computing total earning assets. 

(6)   Net interest margin represents net interest income as a
percentage of average interest-earning assets. 

34   

Average Balances and Rates   

 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

(1)   Average balances are obtained from the best available daily or monthly data and are net of deferred fees and related direct
costs.   

(2)   Yields and net interest margin have been computed on a tax equivalent basis utilizing a 35% effective tax rate.   

(3)   Annualized   

(4)   Loan (costs) fees have been included in the calculation of interest income. Loan (costs) fees were approximately $(7) thousand
and $303 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Loans are gross of the allowance for possible loan losses.   

(5)   Non-accrual loans have been included in total loans for purposes of computing total earning assets.   

(6)   Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets.   

35   

The Volume and Rate Variances table below sets forth the dollar
difference for the comparative periods in interest earned or paid for each major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities, and the amount of such change attributable to fluctuations in average balances (volume) or differences in average
interest rates. Volume variances are equal to the increase or decrease in average balances multiplied by prior period rates, and
rate variances are equal to the change in rates multiplied by prior period average balances. Variances attributable to both rate
and volume changes, calculated by multiplying the change in rates by the change in average balances, have been allocated to the
rate variance. 

Volume   Rate Variances   

 (dollars in thousands) 

(1)   Yields on tax exempt income have not been computed on
a tax equivalent basis. 

36   

The volume variance calculated for the third quarter of 2016
relative to the third quarter of 2015 was a favorable $2.115 million, due to an increase of $198 million, or 13%, in the average
balance of interest-earning assets resulting from growth in loans and investments, including the impact of the Coast acquisition.
The rate variance for the third quarter comparison was an unfavorable $85,000. Our yield on investments dropped by five basis points
for the comparative quarters, due to the reinvestment of cash flows in a historically low interest rate environment, but our weighted
average yield on loans was up three basis points, due in part to the impact of discount accretion on loans from the Coast acquisition
and a small increase in non-recurring interest income. Nonrecurring interest income, primarily in the form of interest recovered
on non-accrual loans net of interest reversed on loans placed on non-accrual status, totaled $117,000 in the third quarter of 2016
relative to $102,000 in the third quarter of 2015. Our weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased by five
basis points primarily because of higher interest rates paid on trust-preferred securities ( TRUPS ), short-term borrowings
and large time deposits. The unfavorable rate variance includes the allocation of an unfavorable variance attributable to both
rate and volume changes (as per the calculations noted above). 

The Company s net interest margin, which is tax-equivalent
net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets, was affected by the same factors discussed above relative
to rate and volume variances. Our net interest margin was 3.93% in the third quarter of 2016, an increase of three basis points
relative to the third quarter of 2015. The principal development affecting our net interest margin in the third quarter of 2016
was a higher yield on loans, partially offset by a lower yield on investments and higher rates on deposits and other interest-bearing
liabilities. Loan yields are still being negatively impacted by highly competitive conditions, but those pressures were offset
in the third quarter of 2016 by the accretion of the discount on acquisition loans that were booked at their fair values. 

For net interest income in the first nine months of 2016 relative
to the first nine months of 2015, a favorable variance of $3.953 million attributable to volume changes was partially offset by
an unfavorable rate variance of $1.149 million. The volume variance for the year-to-date period was due to an increase of $117
million, or 8%, in average interest-earning assets, which was enhanced by strong growth in the average balance of loans relative
to lower-yielding investments. The negative rate variance for the year-to-date period is the result of lower yields on loans and
investments, combined with a slightly higher weighted average rate on interest-bearing liabilities. In addition to competitive
pressures on loan rates, the year-to-date rate variance was impacted by nonrecurring interest income, with totaled only $181,000
for the first nine months of 2016 but added $513,000 to interest income for the first nine months of 2015. The unfavorable rate
variance was exacerbated by the allocation of variances attributable to both rate and volume changes, and was also affected by
the volume differential between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. That differential averaged $469 million
for the first nine months of 2015, the base period for the rate variance calculation, thus the decrease in our earning asset yield
was applied to a much higher balance than the rate increase for interest-bearing liabilities and had a proportionately greater
impact on net interest income. The Company s net interest margin for the first nine months of 2016 was 3.93%, a drop of five
basis points relative to our net interest margin for the first nine months of 2015. 

Provision
for loan and LEASE losses  

Credit risk is inherent in the business of making loans. The
Company sets aside an allowance for loan and lease losses, a contra-asset account, through periodic charges to earnings which are
reflected in the income statement as the provision for loan and lease losses. A loan loss provision has not been necessary thus
far in 2016, nor was a provision recorded in 2015. 

Even without a loan loss provision in recent periods we have
been able to maintain our allowance for loan and lease losses at a level that, in Management s judgment, is adequate to absorb
probable loan losses related to specifically-identified impaired loans as well as probable incurred losses in the remaining loan
portfolio. Specifically identifiable and quantifiable loan losses are immediately charged off against the allowance. The Company
recorded $162,000 in net loan balances charged off in the third quarter of 2016 relative to $137,000 in net loans charged off in
the third quarter of 2015, and net charge-offs were $543,000 in the first nine months of 2016 relative to $836,000 in the first
nine months of 2015. Despite growth in outstanding loan balances, a loan loss provision has not been recorded in recent periods
due to the following factors: all of the loans acquired from Coast were booked at their fair values, and thus did not initially
require a loan loss allowance; loan charge-offs have primarily been recorded against pre-established reserves, which alleviated
what otherwise might have been a need for reserve replenishment; organic growth in our performing loan portfolio has been concentrated
in loan types with low historical loss rates, thus having a positive impact on general reserves for performing loans; and, new
loans booked since the great recession have been underwritten using tighter credit standards than was the case for many legacy
loans. Partially offsetting these favorable factors for the first nine months of 2016 was the transfer of certain energy-related
credits into a higher-risk credit quality classification, with elevated historical loss rates applied in calculating required loan
loss reserves. 

The Company s policies for monitoring the adequacy of
the allowance and determining loan amounts that should be charged off, and other detailed information with regard to changes in
the allowance, are discussed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements and below under  Allowance for Loan and
Lease Losses.  The process utilized to establish an appropriate allowance for loan and lease losses can result in a high
degree of variability in the Company s loan loss provision, and consequently in our net earnings. 

37   

NON-INTEREST
INCOME and NON-INTEREST expense  

The following table provides details on the Company s
non-interest income and non-interest expense for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)   Annualized 

(2)   Tax Equivalent 

Total non-interest income increased by $730,000, or 17%, for
the quarterly comparison and $937,000, or 7%, for the comparative year-to-date periods. Both the third quarter and the first nine
months of 2016 saw a higher level of customer activity that generated additional fee income and experienced higher income on bank-owned
life insurance ( BOLI ), but reflect lower gains on the sale of investment securities. The year-to-date comparison
was also impacted by a drop in dividends on our FHLB stock, due to a special non-recurring dividend received in 2015. Total non-interest
income was an annualized 1.13% of average interest-earning assets in the third quarter of 2016 relative to 1.09% in the third quarter
of 2015, and was 1.12% of average interest-earning assets for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015. 

38   

Service charge income on deposits increased by $75,000, or 3%,
for the quarterly comparison and $655,000, or 10%, for the first nine months, due primarily to fees earned from increased activity
on commercial deposit accounts and, for the year-to-date comparison, higher overdraft income. Other service charges, commissions,
and fees increased by $179,000, or 10%, for the third quarter and $298,000, or 6%, for the first nine months, largely as a result
of higher debit card interchange income and non-deposit fees earned from business customers. Gains realized on the sale of investment
securities totaled $90,000 in the third quarter of 2016 relative to $108,000 in the third quarter of 2015, for a decline of $18,000,
or 17%. For the first nine months, investment gains totaled $212,000 in 2016 compared to $431,000 in 2015, representing a drop
of $219,000, or 51%. 

BOLI income is derived from two basic types of policies owned
by the Company:  separate account  life insurance policies associated with deferred compensation plans, and  general
account  life insurance. BOLI income experienced a favorable change of $395,000 in the third quarter of 2016 relative to
the third quarter of 2015, and was up by $246,000, or 50%, for the year-to-date comparison due to higher income on separate account
BOLI, which was partially offset by a higher cost of insurance, lower income crediting rates, and the impact of a slight reduction
in general account BOLI policies in early 2016. At September 30, 2016 the Company s books reflect a $38.9 million net cash
surrender value for general account BOLI, down slightly from $39.3 million at the end of 2015 due to certain policies that were
paid out in the first quarter of 2016. General account BOLI generates income that is used to fund expenses associated with executive
salary continuation plans, director retirement plans and other employee benefits. Interest credit rates on general account BOLI
do not change frequently and the income is typically fairly consistent, but rate reductions and an increase in the cost of insurance
for certain policies have led to lower income in recent periods. The Company also had $5.3 million invested in separate account
BOLI at September 30, 2016, which produces income that helps offset expense accruals for deferred compensation accounts the Company
maintains for certain directors and senior officers. Those accounts have returns pegged to participant-directed investment allocations
that can include equity, bond, or real estate indices, and are thus subject to gains or losses which often contribute to significant
fluctuations in income (and associated expense accruals). There was a gain on separate account BOLI totaling $110,000 in the third
quarter of 2016 relative to a loss of $337,000 in the third quarter of 2015, for an absolute difference of $447,000. For the first
nine months, there was a gain of $121,000 in 2016 compared to a loss of $229,000 in 2015, for an absolute difference of $350,000.
As noted, gains and losses on separate account BOLI are related to expense accruals or reversals associated with participant gains
and losses on deferred compensation balances, thus their impact on taxable income tends to be minimal. 

The  Other  category under non-interest income reflects
a favorable swing of $99,000 for the quarter, but an unfavorable change of $43,000 for the year-to-date period. This line item
includes gains and losses on the disposition of assets other than OREO, rent on bank-owned property other than OREO, dividends
on restricted stock, and other miscellaneous income. Pass-through expenses associated with our investments in low-income housing
tax credit funds and other limited partnership investments are netted against this category. Within  Other  non-interest
income, favorable variances are evident in limited partnership investment costs for both the quarterly and year-to-date comparisons,
but favorable year-to-date variances were more than offset by the impact of a $245,000 special dividend received on our FHLB stock
in the second quarter of 2015. 

Total non-interest expense increased by $3.836 million, or 31%,
in the third quarter of 2016 relative to the third quarter of 2015, and by $4.819 million, or 13%, for the first nine months of
2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. As detailed below there were several significant fluctuations within non-interest
expense, including items of a non-recurring nature. Because of the increase in total non-interest expense, it rose to an annualized
3.66% of average interest-earning assets in the third quarter of 2016 relative to 3.13% in the third quarter of 2015, and to 3.51%
for the first nine months of 2016 relative to 3.35% for the first nine months of 2015. 

The largest component of non-interest expense, salaries and
employee benefits, increased by $962,000, or 16%, for the third quarter of 2016 over the third quarter of 2015, and by $1.431 million,
or 8%, for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. Salaries and benefits expense for the third
quarter of 2016 includes expenses for former Coast employees retained subsequent to the acquisition. Furthermore, the increase
in salaries and benefits includes higher deferred compensation expense, which was up by $137,000 for the quarter and $120,000 for
the first nine months in conjunction with the aforementioned increase in BOLI income. Both the quarterly and year-to-date increases
also include salary adjustments in the normal course of business, higher staffing levels as vacant positions were filled, and increases
in temporary salaries and overtime costs totaling $68,000 for the quarter and $186,000 for the first nine months, primarily due
to staffing costs incurred in conjunction with the Coast acquisition and subsequent system conversion. The year-to-date comparison
was impacted further by a $46,000 increase in equity incentive compensation costs due to stock options issued to Company officers
during the first quarter of 2016. Those increases were partially offset by lower group health insurance costs. Personnel expense
was also favorably impacted by a higher level of deferred salaries directly related to successful loan originations, which are
an offset to current period expense and which increased by $236,000 in the third quarter and $213,000 for the first nine months.
Total salaries and benefits dropped as a percentage of total non-interest expense for the comparative quarters, due to the disproportionate
increase in total non-interest expense created by non-recurring acquisition costs. 

39   

Occupancy expense was up $229,000, or 12%, for the quarter,
and $520,000, or 10%, for the first nine months due primarily to occupancy costs associated with the former Coast National Bank
locations, rent escalations in the normal course of business, depreciation expense on office renovations undertaken in recent periods,
and for the year-to-date comparison, costs associated with our loan production office which opened in May 2015. 

Marketing costs were up by $151,000, or 36%, for the third quarter
of 2016 and $90,000, or 5%, for the first nine months, due primarily to marketing efforts targeting our expanded geography. Data
processing costs increased by $142,000 for the third quarter and $72,000 for the first nine months, largely due to ongoing costs
associated with the acquisition which were partially offset for the year-to-date comparison by ongoing efforts to manage network
and other information technology costs. Total deposit services costs increased by $191,000, or 22%, for the quarterly comparison
and by $364,000, or 15%, for the first nine months due primarily to activity-related increases in debit card processing costs,
as well as amortization expense on our core deposit intangible which was up $54,000 for the quarter and $65,000 for the year-to-date
period. 

Loan processing costs were reduced by $111,000, or 43%, for
the comparative quarters and $237,000, or 32%, for the first nine months. The reductions for the quarter and the first nine months
include lower appraisal and inspection costs, while the year-to-date comparison also reflects declining collection and foreclosure
costs. Net costs associated with foreclosed assets, on the other hand, reflect an unfavorable swing of $148,000 in the third quarter
of 2016 relative to the third quarter of 2015, and were up by $362,000, or 209%, in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to
the first nine months of 2015, due in large part to small net losses on OREO sales in 2016 relative to net gains in 2015, in addition
to higher OREO write-downs and operating expense in 2016. 

Telecommunications expense was reduced by $63,000, or 14%, in
the third quarter of 2016 relative to the third quarter of 2015 and by $294,000, or 20%, for the year-to-date period due to focused
efforts to increase efficiencies in this area, although the year-to-date reduction includes non-recurring credits received from
prior period overbillings. Postage costs were roughly the same in 2016 as in 2015. The  Other  category under other
operating costs increased slightly for both the third quarter and first nine months, due to higher training and education costs. 

Under professional services costs, legal and accounting costs
increased by $58,000, or 14%, in the third quarter of 2016 and $198,000, or 18%, for the first nine months due to rising costs
for both internal and independent audits as well as higher legal expense. The cost of other professional services increased by
$341,000, or 134%, for the third quarter and by $266,000, or 22%, for the first nine months. The increases include higher directors 
deferred compensation expense, which rose by $302,000 for the third quarter and $218,000 for the first nine months in conjunction
with the aforementioned increase in separate account BOLI income, as well as an increase in directors  fees due to more meetings
and an expanded Board. The comparative results for the first nine months also reflects $101,000 in equity incentive compensation
costs for stock options issued to our directors during the first quarter of 2016, and a higher FDIC assessment,. The year-to-date
increases were partially offset, however, by a non-recurring expense reversal of $173,000 in director retirement plan accruals
in the first quarter of 2016, subsequent to the death of a former director and the payment of split-dollar life insurance proceeds
to his beneficiary. 

Non-recurring acquisition costs totaled $1.695 million in the
third quarter of 2016 relative to zero in the third quarter of 2015, and were $2.037 million for the first nine months of 2016
as compared to $101,000 in the first nine months of 2015. There are additional non-recurring acquisition costs that the Company
will expense or accrue for by year-end, but the amount of such costs cannot yet be determined with any degree of certainty. 

Stationery and supply costs increased by $55,000, or 15%, for
the third quarter and by $44,000, or 4%, for the first nine months, with the increases stemming primarily from the cost of outfitting
former Coast branches with Bank of the Sierra supplies. Sundry and teller losses were at similar levels in 2016 and 2015. 

Due to the increase in total overhead expense, the Company s
tax-equivalent overhead efficiency ratio increased to 72.02% in the third quarter of 2016 from 63.38% in the third quarter of 2015,
and to 69.13% for the first nine months of 2016 from 65.74% for the first nine months of 2015. The overhead efficiency ratio represents
total non-interest expense divided by the sum of fully tax-equivalent net interest and non-interest income, with the provision
for loan losses and investment gains/losses excluded from the equation. 

40   

PROVISION
FOR INCOME TAXES 

The
Company sets aside a provision for income taxes on a monthly basis. The amount of that provision is determined by first applying
the Company s statutory income tax rates to estimated taxable income, which is pre-tax book income adjusted for permanent
differences, and then subtracting available tax credits. Permanent differences include but are not limited to tax-exempt interest
income, BOLI income, and certain book expenses that are not allowed as tax deductions. Our tax credits consist primarily of those
generated by investments in low-income housing tax credit funds, and California state employment tax credits.  

The
Company s provision for income taxes was 32% of pre-tax income in the third quarter of 2016 relative to 36% in the third
quarter of 2015, and 33% in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015. Lower pre-tax income and higher non-taxable BOLI income generally
reduced the tax accrual rate for 2016, although the impact of those factors was partially negated for the third quarter, and almost
entirely offset for the year-to-date comparison, by declining tax credits.  

balance
sheet analysis  

EARNING
ASSETS 

The Company s interest-earning assets are comprised of
investments and loans, and the composition, growth characteristics, and credit quality of both of those components are significant
determinants of the Company s financial condition. Investments are analyzed in the section immediately below, while the loan
and lease portfolio and other factors affecting earning assets are discussed in the sections following investments. 

INVESTMENTS  

The Company s investments can at any given time consist
of debt securities and marketable equity securities (together, the  investment portfolio ), investments in the time
deposits of other banks, surplus interest-earning balances in our Federal Reserve Bank ( FRB ) account, and overnight
fed funds sold. Surplus FRB balances and fed funds sold to correspondent banks represent the temporary investment of excess liquidity.
The Company s investments serve several purposes: 1) they provide liquidity to even out cash flows from the loan and deposit
activities of customers; 2) they provide a source of pledged assets for securing public deposits, bankruptcy deposits and certain
borrowed funds which require collateral; 3) they constitute a large base of assets with maturity and interest rate characteristics
that can be changed more readily than the loan portfolio, to better match changes in the deposit base and other funding sources
of the Company; 4) they are another interest-earning option for surplus funds when loan demand is light; and 5) they can provide
partially tax exempt income. Aggregate investments totaled $544 million, or 28% of total assets at September 30, 2016, compared
to $510 million, or 28% of total assets at December 31,  2015 . 

We had no fed funds sold at the end of the reporting periods,
but interest-bearing balances at other banks increased to $9 million at September 30, 2016 from $2 million at December 31, 2015,
due to $7 million in time deposits at other financial institutions that were part of the Coast acquisition. The Company s
investment portfolio had a book balance of $536 million at September 30, 2016, reflecting an increase of $28 million, or 6%, for
the first nine months of 2016 due to the net addition of approximately $9 million in bonds from the Coast acquisition and the investment
of excess liquidity. The Coast acquisition involved $23 million in investment securities as of the acquisition date, but $15 million
in corporate bonds and other securities were sold by the Company shortly after the acquisition. The Company carries investments
at their fair market values. We currently have the intent and ability to hold our investment securities to maturity, but the securities
are all marketable and are classified as  available for sale  to allow maximum flexibility with regard to interest
rate risk and liquidity management. The expected average life for bonds in our investment portfolio was 3.6 years and their average
effective duration was 2.2 at September 30, 2016, both down slightly relative to year-end 2015. 

The following table sets forth the amortized cost and fair market
value of Company s investment portfolio by investment type as of the dates noted: 

Investment Portfolio   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

41   

The net unrealized gain on our investment portfolio, or the
difference between the fair market value and amortized cost, was $8.0 million at September 30, 2016, up from $4.4 million at December
31, 2015 due to lower long-term interest rates. The Coast acquisition included $2 million in US Government agency securities, but
the aggregate balance of this portfolio segment declined by $4 million, or 15%, during the first nine months of 2016 due primarily
to bond maturities. Mortgage-backed securities increased by $21 million, or 6%, due to almost $4 million added as part of the Coast
acquisition as well as bond purchases and higher market valuations, net of prepayments in the portfolio. Municipal bond balances
were also up by over $11 million, or 11%, due to the addition of $3 million in taxable municipal bonds from Coast, as well as bond
purchases and increases in market valuations. It should be noted that municipal bonds purchased in recent periods have strong underlying
ratings, and all municipal bonds in our portfolio are evaluated quarterly for potential impairment. The balance of other securities
fell by $167,000, or 13%, due primarily to the liquidation of one of our equity positions at a gain during the second quarter of
2016. 

Investment securities that were pledged as collateral for Federal
Home Loan Bank borrowings, repurchase agreements, public deposits and other purposes as required or permitted by law totaled $201
million at September 30, 2016 and $180 million at December 31, 2015, leaving $334 million in unpledged debt securities at September
30, 2016 and $326 million at December 31, 2015. Securities that were pledged in excess of actual pledging needs and were thus available
for liquidity purposes, if needed, totaled $59 million at September 30, 2016 and $57 million at December 31, 2015. 

Loan AND LEASE
Portfolio    

The Company s loans and leases, gross of the associated
allowance for losses and deferred fees and origination costs, totaled $1.256 billion at September 30, 2016, an increase of $123
million, or 11%, since December 31, 2015. The increase includes the impact of the Coast acquisition, as well as relatively strong
organic growth in the latter part of the second quarter and in the third quarter, which more than offset the decline experienced
in the first quarter of 2016 from lower utilization on mortgage warehouse lines and a relatively high level of prepayments. 

A distribution of the Company s loans showing the balance
and percentage of loans by type is presented for the noted periods in the table below. The balances shown are before deferred or
unamortized loan origination, extension, or commitment fees, and deferred origination costs. While not reflected in the loan totals
and not currently comprising a material segment of our lending activities, the Company also occasionally originates and sells,
or participates out portions of, loans to non-affiliated investors. 

Loan and Lease Distribution   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

42   

For the first nine months of 2016, total real estate loans increased
by $97 million, or 12%, due in large part to $69 million in balances from the Coast acquisition, as well as organic growth in commercial
real estate loans. Agricultural production loans were also up by over $6 million, or 14%, due to organic growth. Commercial loan
balances reflect a net increase of $17 million, or 15%, due to $22 million in loans from the Coast acquisition, partially offset
by prepayments in our legacy portfolio. Outstanding balances on mortgage warehouse lines were up $6 million, or 3%, despite a drop
in utilization on lines to 55% at September 30, 2016 from 60% at December 31, 2015, due to the addition of new customers and a
corresponding increase in total lines. Mortgage lending activity is highly correlated with changes in interest rates and refinancing
activity and has historically been subject to significant fluctuations, so no assurance can be provided with regard to our ability
to maintain or grow mortgage warehouse balances. Consumer loans declined by $2 million, or 15%. Net loan growth during the first
nine months of 2016 was augmented by an increase of $11 million in loan participations from other community banks located in higher
growth areas of California. Because of an additional $13 million in participation loans included in the Coast loan portfolio, our
balance of loan participations purchased now totals $31 million. 

While lending activity in certain sectors has strengthened recently
and our pipeline of loans in process of approval continues to grow, loan growth was adversely impacted earlier in the year by a
relatively high rate of loan payoffs and a diminished level of lending activity. Management remains highly focused on achieving
continued net growth in loans, but prepayments remain at elevated levels so no assurance can be provided in that regard. 

NONPERFORMING ASSETS   

Nonperforming assets are comprised of loans for which the Company
is no longer accruing interest, and foreclosed assets including mobile homes and OREO. If the Company grants a concession to a
borrower in financial difficulty, the loan falls into the category of a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ). TDRs may
be classified as either nonperforming or performing loans depending on their accrual status. The following table presents comparative
data for the Company s nonperforming assets and performing TDRs as of the dates noted: 

Nonperforming Assets and Performing Troubled Debt Restructurings   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

(1)   Performing TDRs are not included in nonperforming loans
above, nor are they included in the numerators used to calculate the ratios disclosed in this table. 

43   

Total nonperforming assets were reduced by $3.8 million, or
29%, during the first nine months of 2016. Nonperforming loans were decreased by $3.3 million, or 35%, while foreclosed assets
were down $411,000, or 13%. Additions to nonperforming loans included approximately $2 million in nonperforming loans from the
Coast acquisition, but the majority of those balances were sold prior to the end of the period. The balance of nonperforming loans
at September 30, 2016 includes $4.6 million in TDRs and other loans that were paying as agreed, but which met the technical definition
of nonperforming and were classified as such. As shown in the table, we also had $14.5 million in loans classified as performing
TDRs for which we were still accruing interest as of September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.0 million, or 16%, relative to December
31, 2015 due in part to a large nonperforming TDR that was reinstated to accrual status during the first quarter of 2016. 

Non-accruing loan balances secured by real estate comprised
$5.3 million of total nonperforming loans at September 30, 2016, down $3.0 million, or 36%, since December 31, 2015. The gross
reduction in nonperforming real estate loans in the first nine months of 2016 totaled $6.7 million, including principal pay-downs
of $3.5 million, gross charge-offs of $223,000, balances totaling $2.1 million returned to accrual status, and transfers to OREO,
but reductions were partially offset by $3.6 million in additions during the period. Nonperforming commercial loans were down by
$272,000, or 38%, and nonperforming consumer loans also declined by $126,000, or 22%, during the first nine months of 2016. 

As noted above, foreclosed assets were reduced by $411,000,
or 13%, during the first nine months of 2016 due to the sale of certain properties and $275,000 in write-downs on OREO, partially
offset by additions totaling $847,000. The balance of foreclosed assets had an aggregate carrying value of $2.8 million at September
30, 2016, and was comprised of 13 properties classified as OREO and two mobile homes. At the end of 2015 foreclosed assets totaled
$3.2 million, consisting of 16 properties classified as OREO and two mobile homes. All foreclosed assets are periodically evaluated
and written down to their fair value less expected disposition costs, if lower than the then-current carrying value. 

Total nonperforming assets were 0.72% of gross loans and leases
plus foreclosed assets at September 30, 2016, down from 1.13% at December 31, 2015 and 1.69% at September 30, 2015. An action plan
is in place for each of our non-accruing loans and foreclosed assets and they are all being actively managed. Collection efforts
are continuously pursued for all nonperforming loans, but we cannot provide assurance that they will be resolved in a timely manner
or that nonperforming balances will not increase. 

Allowance for
loan and lease Losses    

The allowance for loan and lease losses, a contra-asset, is
established through a provision for loan and lease losses. It is maintained at a level that is considered adequate to absorb probable
losses on specifically identified impaired loans, as well as probable incurred losses inherent in the remaining loan portfolio.
Specifically identifiable and quantifiable losses are immediately charged off against the allowance; recoveries are generally recorded
only when sufficient cash payments are received subsequent to the charge off. 

The Company s allowance for loan and lease losses was
$9.9 million, or 0.79% of gross loans at September 30, 2016, relative to $10.4 million, or 0.92% of gross loans at December 31,
2015. The decline in the dollar amount of the allowance in the first nine months of 2016 was due to the fact that the majority
of loan charge-offs during the period were charged against specific loss reserves established in previous periods and therefore
did not lead to the need for reserve replenishment. Moreover, our need for loss reserves has been favorably impacted in recent
periods by loan growth in portfolio segments with relatively low historical loss rates, and by continued credit quality improvement
in the performing loan portfolio in general as loans booked or renewed since the great recession have been underwritten using tighter
credit criteria. Partially offsetting these favorable factors was the transfer of certain energy-related credits into a higher-risk
credit quality classification in the second quarter of 2016, with elevated historical loss rates applied in calculating the appropriate
loss allowance for those loans. The ratio of the allowance to nonperforming loans was 157.22% at September 30, 2016, relative to
108.19% at December 31, 2015 and 69.99% at September 30, 2015. A separate allowance of $344,000 for potential losses inherent in
unused commitments is included in other liabilities at September 30, 2016. 

44   

The table that follows summarizes the activity in the allowance
for loan and lease losses for the noted periods: 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   

 (dollars in thousands, unaudited) 

(1)   Average balances are obtained from the best available
daily or monthly data and are net of deferred fees and related direct costs. 

45   

As shown in the table above, the Company did not record a provision
for loan and lease losses in the first nine months of 2016, nor was a provision recorded during 2015. There were $162,000 in net
loan balances charged off during the third quarter of 2016 relative to $137,000 in net loans charged off in the third quarter of
2015, for an increase of $25,000. Net charge-offs declined by $293,000, or 35%, for the year-to-date comparison. Any shortfall
in the allowance identified pursuant to our analysis of remaining probable losses is covered by quarter-end. Our allowance for
probable losses on specifically identified impaired loans was reduced by $2.125 million, or 54%, during the nine months ended September
30, 2016, due to the charge-off of losses against the allowance and the release of reserves subsequent to the resolution of certain
non-performing loans during that period. The allowance for probable losses inherent in non-impaired loans was increased by $1.582
million, or 24%, during the first nine months of 2016, as a result of loan growth and the updated classification of certain energy-related
loans noted above. The  Provision for Loan and Lease Losses  section above includes additional details on our provision
and its relationship to actual charge-offs. 

The Company s allowance for loan and lease losses at September
30, 2016 represents Management s best estimate of probable losses in the loan portfolio as of that date, but no assurance
can be given that the Company will not experience substantial losses relative to the size of the allowance. Furthermore, fluctuations
in credit quality, changes in economic conditions, updated accounting or regulatory requirements, and/or other factors could induce
us to augment or reduce the allowance. 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

The Company maintains commitments to extend credit in the normal
course of business, as long as there are no violations of conditions established in the outstanding contractual arrangements. Unused
commitments to extend credit totaled $399 million at September 30, 2016 and $355 million at December 31, 2015, although it is not
likely that all of those commitments will ultimately be drawn down. Unused commitments represented approximately 32% of gross loans
outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 31% at December 31, 2015, with the increase due in part to the addition of mortgage warehouse
lines and lower utilization on those lines. The Company also had undrawn letters of credit issued to customers totaling $8 million
at September 30, 2016 and $17 million at December 31, 2015. The effect on the Company s revenues, expenses, cash flows and
liquidity from the unused portion of the commitments to provide credit cannot be reasonably predicted because there is no guarantee
that the lines of credit will ever be used. However, the  Liquidity  section in this Form 10-Q outlines resources available
to draw upon should we be required to fund a significant portion of unused commitments. 

In addition to unused commitments to provide credit, the Company
is utilizing a $97 million letter of credit issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank on the Company s behalf as security for
certain deposits and to facilitate certain credit arrangements with the Company s customers. That letter of credit is backed
by loans which are pledged to the FHLB by the Company. For more information regarding the Company s off-balance sheet arrangements,
see Note 8 to the financial statements located elsewhere herein. 

OTHER
ASSETS   

The Company s balance of non-interest earning cash and
due from banks was $57 million at September 30, 2016 and $47 million at December 31, 2015. The average balance for the first nine
months of 2016 was $45 million, relative to an average balance of $42 million for the first nine months of 2015. The increase in
2016 is largely a function of cash required for the former Coast branches, and for our Sanger branch which opened in the second
quarter of 2016. The balance of cash and due from banks depends on the timing of collection of outstanding cash items (checks),
the level of cash maintained on hand at our branches, and our reserve requirement among other things, and is subject to significant
fluctuation in the normal course of business. While cash flows are normally predictable within limits, those limits are fairly
broad and the Company manages its short-term cash position through the utilization of overnight loans to and borrowings from correspondent
banks, including the Federal Reserve Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank. Should a large  short  overnight position
persist for any length of time, the Company typically raises money through focused retail deposit gathering efforts or by adding
brokered time deposits. If a  long  position is prevalent, the Company will let brokered deposits or other wholesale
borrowings roll off as they mature, or might invest excess liquidity in higher-yielding, longer-term bonds. 

Net premises and equipment increased by $7 million, or 31%,
during the first nine months of 2016 due to fixed assets from the Coast acquisition, in addition to the refurbishment of certain
branches, including our new Sanger branch. Foreclosed assets are discussed above, in the section titled  Nonperforming Assets. 
Company owned life insurance, with a balance of $44 million at September 30, 2016, is also discussed above in the  Non-Interest
Income and Non-Interest Expense  section. Goodwill was close to $8 million at September 30, 2016, and reflects an increase
of slightly over $1 million during the first nine months of 2016 as goodwill generated by the Coast acquisition was booked in the
third quarter. Other intangible assets also increased by $2.0 million during the first nine months, due to a $1.8 million core
deposit intangible from the Coast acquisition in July 2016 plus the core deposit intangible created by our branch acquisition in
May 2016, net of amortization expense. The Company s goodwill and other intangible assets are evaluated annually for potential
impairment, and pursuant to that analysis Management has determined that no impairment exists as of September 30, 2016. 

46   

The aggregate balance of  Other assets  was $36.2
million at September 30, 2016, down $2.4 million, or 6%, for the first nine months due in large part to a lower deferred tax asset
and certain other reductions, partially offset by a $2.2 million increase in our investment in low-income housing tax credit funds
and an increase in restricted stock. At September 30, 2016, the balance of other assets included as its largest components a net
deferred tax asset of $9.3 million, an $8.5 million investment in restricted stock, a $7.1 million investment in low-income housing
tax credit funds, accrued interest receivable totaling $5.9 million, and a $1.3 million investment in a small business investment
corporation. Restricted stock is comprised primarily of Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco stock held in conjunction with
our FHLB borrowings, and is not deemed to be marketable or liquid. Our net deferred tax asset is evaluated as of every reporting
date pursuant to FASB guidance, and we have determined that no impairment exists. 

DEPOSITS
AND INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES  

DEPOSITS   

Deposits are another key balance sheet component impacting the
Company s net interest margin and other profitability metrics. Deposits provide liquidity to fund growth in earning assets,
and the Company s net interest margin is improved to the extent that growth in deposits is concentrated in less volatile
and typically less costly non-maturity deposits such as demand deposit accounts, NOW accounts, savings accounts, and money market
demand accounts. Information concerning average balances and rates paid by deposit type for the three-month and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is included in the Average Balances and Rates tables appearing above, in the section titled  Net
Interest Income and Net Interest Margin.  A distribution of the Company s deposits showing the balance and percentage
of total deposits by type is presented for the noted periods in the following table. 

Total deposit balances reflect net growth of $169 million, or
12%, during the first nine months of 2016, including $129 million from the Coast acquisition in July, $10 million from our branch
acquisition in May, and a $20 million increase in time deposits from the State of California in the third quarter. There was also
limited organic growth in deposits, primarily in the first quarter. Core non-maturity deposits were up by $136 million, or 12%,
and within non-maturity deposits we saw the following changes during the first nine months of 2016: an increase of $99 million,
or 11%, in transaction account balances (demand deposits and NOW accounts), due to $71 million from the Coast acquisition, $6 million
from the branch acquisition, migration from legacy money market deposits, and organic growth; an increase of $19 million, or 10%,
in savings deposits due to $9 million from the Coast acquisition, $2 million from the branch acquisition, and organic growth; and
an increase of $18 million, or 18%, in money market deposits due to $29 million from the Coast acquisition and $2 million from
the branch acquisition, partially offset by the migration of some legacy money market deposits into more liquid demand deposit
accounts. Total time deposits were up by $33 million, or 11%, due to $20 million from the Coast acquisition and an increase of
$20 million in time deposits from the State of California, net of runoff within our legacy accounts. Management is of the opinion
that a relatively high level of core customer deposits is one of the Company s key strengths and we continue to strive for
deposit retention and growth. Our deposit-targeted promotions continue to favorably impact growth in the number of accounts and
it is expected that balances in these accounts will grow over time consistent with our past experience, although no assurance can
be provided with regard to future core deposit increases. 

47   

OTHER INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES   

The Company s non-deposit borrowings may, at any given
time, include fed funds purchased from correspondent banks, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank, advances from the Federal
Reserve Bank, securities sold under agreement to repurchase, and/or junior subordinated debentures. The Company uses short-term
FHLB advances and fed funds purchased on uncommitted lines to support liquidity needs created by seasonal deposit flows, to temporarily
satisfy funding needs from increased loan demand, and for other short-term purposes. The FHLB line is committed, but the amount
of available credit depends on the level of pledged collateral. 

Total non-deposit interest-bearing liabilities were down by
$2 million, or 2%, in the first nine months of 2016, due to reductions in repurchase agreements and FHLB borrowings that were partially
offset by increases in fed funds purchased and junior subordinated debentures. Overnight FHLB borrowings were $74 million at September
30, 2016 as compared to $75 million at December 31, 2015, and our $2 million long-term borrowing from the FHLB matured during the
first quarter of 2016 and was not renewed. We had $3 million in overnight fed funds purchased at September 30, 2016, relative to
no fed funds purchased at December 31, 2015. Repurchase agreements totaled $7 million at September 30, 2016, down by $3 million
relative to their balance at year-end 2015. Repurchase agreements represent  sweep accounts , where commercial deposit
balances above a specified threshold are transferred at the close of each business day into non-deposit accounts secured by investment
securities. There were no advances from the FRB on our books at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. The Company had junior
subordinated debentures totaling $34 million at September 30, 2016 and $31 million at December 31, 2015, in the form of long-term
borrowings from trust subsidiaries formed specifically to issue trust preferred securities. The increase is the result of $7 million
in such borrowings from the Coast acquisition, which were recorded on our books on at their fair value of $3.4 million as of the
acquisition date. 

OTHER NON-INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 

Other liabilities are principally comprised of accrued interest
payable, other accrued but unpaid expenses, and certain clearing amounts. Other liabilities fell by $8 million, or 35%, during
the first nine months of 2016, due to lower balances in clearing accounts, partially offset by a $2 million accrued liability for
our capital commitment to a new low-income housing tax credit fund. 

liquidity
and market RisK MANAGEMENT    

LIQUIDITY   

Liquidity management refers to the Company s ability to
maintain cash flows that are adequate to fund operations and meet other obligations and commitments in a timely and cost-effective
manner. Detailed cash flow projections are reviewed by Management on a monthly basis, with various scenarios applied to assess
our ability to meet liquidity needs under adverse conditions. Liquidity ratios are also calculated and reviewed on a regular basis.
While those ratios are merely indicators and are not measures of actual liquidity, they are closely monitored and we are focused
on maintaining adequate liquidity resources to draw upon should unexpected needs arise. 

The Company, on occasion, experiences cash needs as the result
of loan growth, deposit outflows, asset purchases or liability repayments. To meet short-term needs, the Company can borrow overnight
funds from other financial institutions, draw advances via Federal Home Loan Bank lines of credit, or solicit brokered deposits
if deposits are not immediately obtainable from local sources. Availability on lines of credit from correspondent banks and the
FHLB totaled $258 million at September 30, 2016. An additional $114 million in credit is available from the FHLB if the Company
pledges sufficient additional collateral and maintains the required amount of FHLB stock. The Company is also eligible to borrow
approximately $75 million at the Federal Reserve Discount Window, if necessary, based on pledged assets at September 30, 2016.
Furthermore, funds can be obtained by drawing down the Company s correspondent bank deposit accounts, or by liquidating unpledged
investments or other readily saleable assets. In addition, the Company can raise immediate cash for temporary needs by selling
under agreement to repurchase those investments in its portfolio which are not pledged as collateral. As of September 30, 2016,
unpledged debt securities plus pledged securities in excess of current pledging requirements comprised $392 million of the Company s
investment balances, compared to $383 million at December 31, 2015. Other forms of balance sheet liquidity include but are not
necessarily limited to any outstanding fed funds sold and vault cash. The Company has a higher level of actual balance sheet liquidity
than might otherwise be the case, since we utilize a letter of credit from the FHLB rather than investment securities for certain
pledging requirements. That letter of credit, which is backed by loans that are pledged to the FHLB by the Company, totaled $97
million at September 30, 2016. Management is of the opinion that available investments and other potentially liquid assets, along
with the standby funding sources it has arranged, are more than sufficient to meet the Company s current and anticipated
short-term liquidity needs. 

48   

The Company s net
loans to assets and available investments to assets ratios were 64% and 21%, respectively, at September 30, 2016, as compared to
internal policy guidelines of  less than 78%  and  greater than 3%.  Other liquidity ratios reviewed periodically
by Management and the Board include net loans to total deposits and wholesale funding to total assets (including ratios and sub-limits
for the various components comprising wholesale funding), which were well within policy guidelines at September 30, 2016. Favorable
trends in core deposits and relatively high levels of potentially liquid investments have had a positive impact on our liquidity
position in recent periods, but no assurance can be provided that our liquidity will continue at current robust levels. 

The holding company s
primary uses of funds include operating expenses incurred in the normal course of business, shareholder dividends, and stock repurchases.
Its primary source of funds is dividends from the Bank, since the holding company does not conduct regular banking operations.
Management anticipates that the Bank will have sufficient earnings to provide dividends to the holding company to meet its funding
requirements for the foreseeable future. Both the holding company and the Bank are subject to legal and regulatory limitations
on dividend payments, as outlined in Item 5(c) Dividends in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015 which was filed with the SEC. 

INTEREST RATE RISK
MANAGEMENT   

Market risk arises from
changes in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. The Company does not engage in the trading of financial
instruments, nor does it have exposure to currency exchange rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily that of interest rate
risk, and we have established policies and procedures to monitor and limit our earnings and balance sheet exposure to changes in
interest rates. The principal objective of interest rate risk management is to manage the financial components of the Company s
balance sheet in a manner that will optimize the risk/reward equation for earnings and capital under a variety of interest rate
scenarios. 

To identify areas of potential
exposure to interest rate changes, we utilize commercially available modeling software to perform earnings simulations and calculate
the Company s market value of portfolio equity under varying interest rate scenarios every month. The model imports relevant
information for the Company s financial instruments and incorporates Management s assumptions on pricing, duration,
and optionality for anticipated new volumes. Various rate scenarios consisting of key rate and yield curve projections are then
applied in order to calculate the expected effect of a given interest rate change on interest income, interest expense, and the
value of the Company s financial instruments. The rate projections can be shocked (an immediate and parallel change in all
base rates, up or down), ramped (an incremental increase or decrease in rates over a specified time period), economic (based on
current trends and econometric models) or stable (unchanged from current actual levels). 

We use eight standard interest rate scenarios in conducting
our rolling 12-month net interest income simulations:  stable,  upward shocks of 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points,
and downward shocks of 100, 200, and 300 basis points. Pursuant to policy guidelines, we typically attempt to limit the projected
decline in net interest income relative to the stable rate scenario to no more than 5% for a 100 basis point (bp) interest rate
shock, 10% for a 200 bp shock, 15% for a 300 bp shock, and 20% for a 400 bp shock. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had the
following estimated net interest income sensitivity profile, without factoring in any potential negative impact on spreads resulting
from competitive pressures or credit quality deterioration: 

49   

Our current simulations indicate that the Company has an asset-sensitive
profile, meaning that net interest income increases with a parallel shift up in the yield curve but a drop in interest rates could
have a negative impact. This profile is consistent with the Company s relatively large balance of less rate-sensitive non-maturity
deposits and large volume of variable-rate loans, which contribute to higher net interest income in rising rate scenarios and compression
in net interest income in declining rate scenarios. 

If there were an immediate and sustained downward adjustment
of 100 basis points in interest rates, all else being equal, net interest income over the next twelve months would likely be around
$6.741 million lower than in a stable interest rate scenario, for a negative variance of 9.96%. The unfavorable variance increases
when rates drop 200 or 300 basis points, due to the fact that certain deposit rates are already relatively low (on NOW accounts
and savings accounts, for example), and will hit a natural floor of close to zero while non-floored variable-rate loan yields continue
to drop. This effect is exacerbated by accelerated prepayments on fixed-rate loans and mortgage-backed securities when rates decline,
although rate floors on some of our variable-rate loans partially offset other negative pressures. While we view material interest
rate reductions as highly unlikely, the potential percentage drop in net interest income exceeds our internal policy guidelines
in declining interest rate scenarios and we will continue to monitor our interest rate risk profile and take corrective action
as deemed appropriate. 

Net interest income would likely improve by $1.115 million,
or 1.65%, if interest rates were to increase by 100 basis points relative to a stable interest rate scenario, with the favorable
variance expanding the higher interest rates rise. The initial increase in rising rate scenarios will be limited to some extent
by the fact that some of our variable-rate loans are currently at rate floors, resulting in a re-pricing lag while base rates are
increasing to floored levels, but the Company still appears well-positioned to benefit from a material upward shift in the yield
curve. Model results are a bit flatter than in the immediately preceding quarter, particularly in rising rate scenarios (i.e.,
net interest income will not rise as much as previously projected when market interest rates go up). This flattening is the result
of incorporating the actual characteristics of Coast s balance sheet, which had more fixed-rate loans with longer durations
than originally estimated, combined with increases in the projected balance and cost of non-deposit borrowings. 

In addition to the net interest income simulations shown above,
we run stress scenarios modeling the possibility of no balance sheet growth, the potential runoff of  surge  core deposits
which flowed into the Company in the most recent economic cycle, and potential unfavorable movement in deposit rates relative to
yields on earning assets. Even though net interest income will naturally be lower with no balance sheet growth, the rate-driven
variances projected for net interest income in a static growth environment are similar to the changes noted above for our standard
projections. When a greater level of non-maturity deposit runoff is assumed or unfavorable deposit rate changes are factored into
the model, projected net interest income in declining rate and flat rate scenarios does not change materially relative to standard
growth projections. However, the benefit we would otherwise experience in rising rate scenarios is minimized, and net interest
income will remain relatively flat or decline slightly. 

The economic value (or  fair value ) of financial
instruments on the Company s balance sheet will also vary under the interest rate scenarios previously discussed. The difference
between the projected fair value of the Company s financial assets and the fair value of its financial liabilities is referred
to as the economic value of equity ( EVE ), and changes in EVE under different interest rate scenarios are effectively
a gauge of the Company s longer-term exposure to interest rate risk. Fair values for financial instruments are estimated
by discounting projected cash flows (principal and interest) at projected replacement interest rates for each account type, while
the fair value of non-financial accounts is assumed to equal their book value for all rate scenarios. An economic value simulation
is a static measure utilizing balance sheet accounts at a given point in time, and the measurement can change substantially over
time as the characteristics of the Company s balance sheet evolve and interest rate and yield curve assumptions are updated. 

The change in economic value under different interest rate scenarios
depends on the characteristics of each class of financial instrument, including stated interest rates or spreads relative to current
or projected market-level interest rates or spreads, the likelihood of principal prepayments, whether contractual interest rates
are fixed or floating, and the average remaining time to maturity. As a general rule, fixed-rate financial assets become more valuable
in declining rate scenarios and less valuable in rising rate scenarios, while fixed-rate financial liabilities gain in value as
interest rates rise and lose value as interest rates decline. The longer the duration of the financial instrument, the greater
the impact a rate change will have on its value. In our economic value simulations, estimated prepayments are factored in for financial
instruments with stated maturity dates, and decay rates for non-maturity deposits are projected based on historical patterns and
Management s best estimates. The table below shows estimated changes in the Company s EVE as of September 30, 2016,
under different interest rate scenarios relative to a base case of current interest rates: 

50   

The table shows that our EVE will generally deteriorate in declining
rate scenarios, but should benefit from a parallel shift upward in the yield curve. While still negative relative to the base case,
we see a favorable swing in EVE as interest rates drop 300 basis points or more. This is due to the relative durations of our fixed-rate
assets and liabilities, combined with the optionality inherent in our balance sheet. As noted previously, however, Management is
of the opinion that the potential for a significant rate decline is low. We also run stress scenarios for EVE to simulate the possibility
of higher loan prepayment rates, unfavorable changes in deposit rates, and higher deposit decay rates. Model results are highly
sensitive to changes in assumed decay rates for non-maturity deposits, in particular. 

CAPITAL
RESOURCES   

At September 30, 2016 the Company had total shareholders 
equity of $208.5 million, comprised of $72.4 million in common stock, $2.8 million in additional paid-in capital, $128.7 million
in retained earnings, and an accumulated other comprehensive gain of $4.7 million. Total shareholders  equity at the end
of 2015 was $190.3 million. The increase of $18.2 million, or 10%, in shareholders  equity during the first nine months of
2016 is due to the impact of 599,226 shares issued as part of the consideration for the Coast acquisition, capital added via net
earnings and stock option exercises, and a $2.1 million increase in accumulated other comprehensive income, partially offset by
$4.9 million in cash dividends paid and the repurchase of $1.7 million in stock in the third quarter. 

The Company uses a variety of measures to evaluate its capital
adequacy, including risk-based capital and leverage ratios that are calculated separately for the Company and the Bank. Management
reviews these capital measurements on a quarterly basis and takes appropriate action to help ensure that they meet or surpass established
internal and external guidelines. As permitted by the regulators for financial institutions that are not deemed to be  advanced
approaches  institutions, the Company has elected to opt out of the Basel III requirement to include accumulated other comprehensive
income in risk-based capital. The following table sets forth the Company s and the Bank s regulatory capital ratios
as of the dates indicated. 

Regulatory capital ratios increased slightly in the first nine
months of 2016, even though we leveraged capital somewhat in our acquisition of Coast. Our capital ratios remain very strong relative
to the median for peer financial institutions, and at September 30, 2016 were well above the threshold for the Company and the
Bank to be classified as  well capitalized,  the highest rating of the categories defined under the Bank Holding Company
Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991. We do not foresee any circumstances that would cause
the Company or the Bank to be less than well capitalized, although no assurance can be given that this will not occur. 

51   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 3  

QUALITATIVE   QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES  

 ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
information concerning quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk is included in Part I, Item 2 above. See  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Market Risk Management.   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 4  

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company s Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial
Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report (the  Evaluation Date ) have concluded
that as of the Evaluation Date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and effective to ensure that
material information relating to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries would be made known to them by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report was being prepared. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified by the SEC. 

Changes in Internal Controls  

There were no significant changes in the Company s internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred in the third quarter of 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

52   

PART II
  OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

The Company is involved in various legal proceedings in the
normal course of business. In the opinion of Management, any liability resulting from such proceedings would not have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operation. 

ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS   

There were no material changes from the risk factors disclosed
in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2: UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS   

(c)       Stock
Repurchases 

In April of 2015, the Company s Board authorized the buyback
of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Subsequent to the repurchase and cancellation of most of those shares, in
September of 2016 the Board authorized an additional 500,000 shares of common stock for repurchase. The authorization of shares
for repurchase does not provide assurance that a specific quantity of shares will be repurchased, and the program may be suspended
at any time at Management s discretion. 

While in general the Company has ultimate discretion with regard
to the repurchase of authorized shares based upon market conditions and any other relevant considerations, all of the Company s
share repurchases in recent periods have been executed pursuant to plans established by the Company in accordance with SEC Rule
10b5-1. A 10b5-1 plan enables us to continue to repurchase stock during the trading blackout for insiders unless the plan is cancelled
or suspended, but it also imposes volume restrictions and limits our ability to change pricing and other parameters outlined the
plan. The following table provides information concerning the Company s stock repurchase transactions during the third quarter
of 2016: 

ITEM 3: DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

Not applicable 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable 

Item
5: Other Information   

Not applicable 

53   

Item 6: Exhibits

Exhibit #   
       Description    

2.1  
      Agreement and Plan of Consolidation by and among Sierra Bancorp, Bank of the Sierra and Santa Clara Valley Bank, N.A., dated as of July 17, 2014 (1)   
 
      2.2  
      Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger, dated as of January 4, 2016 by and between Sierra Bancorp and Coast Bancorp (2)   
 
      3.1  
      Restated Articles of Incorporation of Sierra Bancorp (3)   
 
      3.2  
      Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (4)   
 
      10.1  
      1998 Stock Option Plan (5)   
 
      10.2  
      Salary Continuation Agreement for Kenneth R. Taylor (6)   
 
      10.3  
      Salary Continuation Agreement for James C. Holly (6)   
 
      10.4  
      Salary Continuation Agreement and Split Dollar Agreement for James F. Gardunio (7)   
 
      10.5  
      Split Dollar Agreement for Kenneth R. Taylor (8)   
 
      10.6  
      Split Dollar Agreement and Amendment thereto for James C. Holly (8)   
 
      10.7  
      Director Retirement Agreement and Split dollar Agreement for Vincent Jurkovich (8)   
 
      10.8  
      Director Retirement Agreement and Split dollar Agreement for Robert Fields (8)   
 
      10.9  
      Director Retirement Agreement and Split dollar Agreement for Gordon Woods (8)   
 
      10.10  
      Director Retirement Agreement and Split dollar Agreement for Morris Tharp (8)   
 
      10.11  
      Director Retirement Agreement and Split dollar Agreement for Albert Berra (8)   
 
      10.12  
      401 Plus Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (8)   
 
      10.13  
      Indenture dated as of March 17, 2004 between U.S. Bank N.A., as Trustee, and Sierra Bancorp, as Issuer (9)   
 
      10.14  
      Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Sierra Statutory Trust II, dated as of March 17, 2004 (9)   
 
      10.15  
      Indenture dated as of June 15, 2006 between Wilmington Trust Co., as Trustee, and Sierra Bancorp, as Issuer (10)   
 
      10.16  
      Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Sierra Capital Trust III, dated as of June 15, 2006 (10)   
 
      10.17  
      2007 Stock Incentive Plan (11)   
 
      10.18  
      Sample Retirement Agreement Entered into with Each Non-Employee Director Effective January 1, 2007 (12)   
 
      10.19  
      Salary Continuation Agreement for Kevin J. McPhaill (12)   
 
      10.20  
      First Amendment to the Salary Continuation Agreement for Kenneth R. Taylor (12)   
 
      10.21  
      Second Amendment to the Salary Continuation Agreement for Kenneth R. Taylor (13)   
 
      10.22  
      First Amendment to the Salary Continuation Agreement for Kevin J. McPhaill (14)   
 
      10.23  
      Indenture dated as of September 20, 2007 between Wilmington Trust Co., as Trustee, and Coast Bancorp, as Issuer (15)   
 
      10.24  
      Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Coast Bancorp Statutory Trust II, dated as of September 20, 2007 (15)   
 
      10.25  
      First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 8, 2016, between Wilmington Trust Co. as Trustee, Sierra Bancorp as the  Successor Company , and Coast Bancorp (15)   
 
      11  
      Statement of Computation of Per Share Earnings (16)   
 
      31.1  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Section 302 Certification)   
 
      31.2  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Section 302 Certification)   
 
      32  
      Certification of Periodic Financial Report (Section 906 Certification)   
 
      101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

(1)  Filed as an Exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on July 18, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(2)  Filed as an Exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on January 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(4)  Filed as an Exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on February 21, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(7)  Filed as an Exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on August 11, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(12)  Filed as an Exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on January 8, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(16)  Computation of earnings per share is incorporated by
reference to Note 6 of the Financial Statements included herein. 

54   

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized: 

November
    7, 2016   
      /s/   Kevin
    J. McPhaill    
 
      Date  
      SIERRA BANCORP   

Kevin J. McPhaill   

President   Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

November 7, 2016   
      /s/   Kenneth
    R. Taylor    
 
      Date  
      SIERRA BANCORP   

Kenneth R. Taylor   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting
    Officer)   

55   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451543_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  
Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Section 302 Certification)  

I, Kevin J. McPhaill, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Sierra Bancorp ( Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the Registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors: 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Kevin J. McPhaill  

Kevin J. McPhaill 

 President

Chief Executive
Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451543_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  
Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Section 302 Certification)  

I, Kenneth R. Taylor, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Sierra Bancorp ( Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the Registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors: 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Kenneth R. Taylor  

Kenneth R.
Taylor 

 Chief Financial
Officer   

 Chief Accounting
Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 v451543_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32   Certification
of Periodic Financial Report  

Kevin J. McPhaill and Kenneth R. Taylor
hereby certify as follows: 

1. They are the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Sierra Bancorp. 

2. The Form 10-Q of Sierra Bancorp for the
Quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and the information contained in the report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of Sierra Bancorp. 

November 7, 2016   
      /s/  Kevin
    J. McPhaill   

Date  
      Kevin J. McPhaill  

President    

Chief Executive Officer  

November 7, 2016   
      /s/  Kenneth
    R. Taylor   

Date  
      Kenneth R. Taylor  

Chief Financial Officer    

Chief Accounting Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bsrr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bsrr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bsrr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bsrr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bsrr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bsrr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

