<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161227_10-K_edgar_data_1519894_0001144204-16-141396_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3378732</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>232861</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>657550</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>716553</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1107061</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>566031</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>101</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-141396.hdr.sgml : 20161227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161227144223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-141396
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			General Agriculture Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001519894
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		IRS NUMBER:				352379917
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-174874
		FILM NUMBER:		162070492

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 801, PLAZA B, YONGHE BUILDING,
		STREET 2:		NO.28 ANDINGMEN EAST STREET
		CITY:			DONGCHENG DISTRICT, BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-10-64097316

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 801, PLAZA B, YONGHE BUILDING,
		STREET 2:		NO.28 ANDINGMEN EAST STREET
		CITY:			DONGCHENG DISTRICT, BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GELTOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110504

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-141396.txt : 20161227

10-K
 1
 v455500_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

OR  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from _________to ___________   

Commission file
number:  333-174874   

General Agriculture
Corporation   

 (Exact name of
Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware   
       35-2379917    
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  
 
     organization) 

Room 620, Towel B, Nanxincang Business Plaza   

No.22 Dongsishitiao Jia   

Dongcheng District   

Beijing, China   
       100007    
 
     (Address of principal executive offices) 
     (Zip Code)  

Registrant s
telephone number:  

   Phone:
86-10-51690618   

   Fax:
86-10-51690521   

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None  

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes     No  x  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes     No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes  x  No      

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).* Yes  x  No      *The
registrant has not completed the construction of its corporate Web site. 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure
of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not
be contained herein, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer      
 
     Non-accelerated filer     
     Smaller reporting company  x   

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
Yes     No  x  

As of March 31, 2016, the aggregate
market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (3,754,849 shares of common stock held by non-affiliate
shareholders) was $11,170,675. 

On December 19, 2016, we had 15,918,940
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION  
     1  

PART I.  
     2  

ITEM 1. 
      BUSINESS  
     2  

ITEM 1A. 
      RISK FACTORS  
     14  

ITEM 1B. 
      UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
     31  

ITEM 2. 
      DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY  
     31  

ITEM 3. 
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
     32  

ITEM 4. 
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
     32  

PART II.  
       
     33  

ITEM 5. 
      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
     33  

ITEM 6. 
      SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
     34  

ITEM 7. 
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION  
     34  

ITEM 7A. 
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
     41  

ITEM 8. 
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
     41  

ITEM 9. 
      CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES  
     41  

ITEM 9A. 
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
     41  

ITEM 9B. 
      OTHER INFORMATION  
     42  

PART III.  
       
     43  

ITEM 10. 
      DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
     43  

ITEM 11. 
      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
     46  

ITEM 12. 
      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
     47  

ITEM 13. 
      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
     48  

ITEM 14. 
      PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  
     49  

ITEM 15. 
      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
     49  

SIGNATURES  
     51  

ANNEX: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
     53  

CAUTION
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION  

Certain
statements contained in this report may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws.
All statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements about
matters such as: future prices and sales of, and demand for, our products; future industry market conditions; future changes in
our business plans and objectives, production capacity and operations; future production, operating and overhead costs; future
employment and contributions of personnel; tax and interest rates; capital expenditures and their impact on us; productivity, business
process, rationalization, investment, acquisition, consulting, operational, tax, financial and capital projects and initiatives;
contingencies; environmental compliance and changes in the regulatory environment; and future working capital, costs, revenues,
business opportunities, debt levels, cash flows, margins, earnings and growth. 

The words
 believe,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   project,   plan, 
 should,   intend,   may,   will,   would,   potential 
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of doing so. These statements are
based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical and
current trends, current conditions, possible future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees, representations or warranties and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Some
of those risks and uncertainties include the risk factors discussed in Item 1.A -  Risk Factors  and the following:
changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally
accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements
and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

All subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements by or attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in
their entirety by these factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement. 

PART
I.  

ITEM
1.      BUSINESS  

References
to  GELT  shall refer to General Agriculture Corporation. References to the  Company   we, 
 our,   ours  and  us,  shall refer to General Agriculture Corporation, and include our operating
subsidiaries in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ), Xingguo General Fruit Industry Development Co., Ltd.
( General Fruit ) and its wholly owned subsidiary Xingguo General Red Navel Orange Preservation Company Ltd. ( General
Preservation ).  

BUSINESS   

Company Background  

General
Agriculture Corporation  ( GELT ) was established under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 24, 2010. On
July 12, 2013, GELT filed with the Secretary of State, Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to change its name to General Agriculture
Corporation. GELT, through its direct operating subsidiaries General Fruit and General Preservation, is primarily engaged in planting,
preserving, packaging and marketing premium navel oranges for distribution and sale throughout the PRC. 

On July
11, 2012, GELT completed a reverse acquisition of General Red Holding, Inc. ( GRH ), which was established under the
laws of the State of Delaware on January 18, 2011. To accomplish the Share Exchange Agreement, GELT issued to GRH an aggregate
of 125,112,803 shares of the common stock of GELT, at par value of $0.0001 per share. GELT was delivered with zero assets and zero
liabilities at time of closing. Immediately prior to the Share Exchange, GELT had 6,750,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.
Simultaneously with the transaction, the two principal shareholders of GELT surrendered for cancellation an aggregate of 4,513,252
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them. The transaction was regarded as a reverse merger whereby GRH was considered
to be the accounting acquirer. Although the Company is a legal parent company, the share exchange was treated as a recapitalization
of GRH. Thus, GRH is the continuing entity for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements have been prepared as if
GRH had always been the reporting company and then on the share exchange date, had reorganized its capital stock. 

On September
30, 2011, GRH entered into a Share Transfer and Issuance Agreement (the  Agreement ) with Han Glory International Investment
Limited ( Han Glory International ), a company incorporated on April 28, 2011 under the laws of British Virgin Islands
and Hua Mei Investments Limited ( Hua Mei ), a company incorporated on April 26, 2011 under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands. Under the Agreement, GRH issued 74,814,862 shares to Hua Mei, the sole stockholder of Han Glory International,
in exchange for all shares and beneficial interest of Han Glory International. This transaction is treated as a reverse merger,
and therefore, after the share exchange, Han Glory International became the wholly owned subsidiary of GRH. 

On May 18,
2011, Han Glory International purchased all shares of Greater China International Investment Limited ( Greater China International ),
a company incorporated on December 4, 2009 under the laws of Hong Kong, from Zhihao Zhang, the sole stockholder of Greater China
International, for $1,290 (HK$10,000). As a result, Greater China International became the wholly owned subsidiary of Han Glory
International. 

On January
13, 2010, Greater China International formed Nanchang Hanxin Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise
( WFOE ) in the city of Nanchang, Jiangxi Province, the PRC. 

On February
5, 2010, WFOE purchased all shares of Xingguo General Fruit Industry Development Co., Ltd ( General Fruit ) from Jiangjun
Hong Group Co., Ltd., Xingping Hou and Jiefeng Ren for $293,400. As a result, WFOE acquired 100% interest in General Fruit. This
transaction was a capital transaction in substance. That is, the transaction was a reverse recapitalization, equivalent to the
issuance of stock by General Fruit for the net monetary assets of WFOE accompanied by a recapitalization. 

General
Fruit was formed in Xingguo County, Jiangxi Province, under the corporate laws of PRC on March 5, 2003. The primary business of
General Fruit is to grow and sell navel oranges. On July 14, 2008, after a series of equity transfer agreements, General Fruit
acquired 90% interest in Xingguo General Red Navel Orange Preservation Company, Ltd. ( General Preservation ). On July
25, 2010, General Fruit purchased the remaining 10% interest in General Preservation from Xingping Hou, the minority stockholder,
for $295,000 (RMB 2,000,000) and owns 100% of General Preservation thereafter. 

Our current corporate structure
is as follows: 

Our Current Business and Products  

We are one
of the leading producers of  Gannan  navel oranges in China, with operations that include the planting, growing, harvesting,
post-harvest processing and temperature controlled preservation and storage of our navel oranges. Through our vertically integrated
model, we exercise strict and direct control over the quality of our oranges, which we believe gives us a distinct competitive
advantage. 

We operate
through a flexible procurement model by entering into contractual agreements with local farmers for the planting and harvesting
work in our orchards on one hand, while also relying on third party farmers and cooperatives that do not use our land by purchasing
some of their production on the other hand. We believe that this model provides us a stable and safe source of supply. Once the
navel oranges are harvested or purchased, we commercially process and preserve them according to the standards of organic navel
oranges, store and subsequently sell them throughout many regions in the PRC. 

Led by a
management team with extensive experience in the industry, we have put in place several investment programs that have allowed us
to achieve our current strong position in the domestic market, with our scale and scope evidenced by the following: 

We constructed one of the largest navel orange temperature-controlled facilities in the country which is 19,176 square meters (approximately 4.74 acres) with a 7,000 metric ton storage capacity.   

Numerous honors and certifications awarded to our company and our  General Red  brand name for the quality of our oranges, including the  High Quality Navel Orange  awarded by China (Ganzhou) Navel Orange Festival committee, and  China Famous Fruit  awarded by China Fruit Distribution Association.   

Our goal
is to become the largest integrated grower, packager and distributor of navel oranges in China. We plan to pursue continued growth
and margin expansion through a strategy focused on the increase of our orchard and navel orange trees. 

Industry and Market Overview  

The navel orange cultivation and harvesting
process can be divided into three categories: production, post-harvest processing and preservation. 

Navel Orange Production

The navel orange industry has been growing
rapidly in China due to governmental support and an increase in demand for navel oranges, with the domestic production growing
from 270,000 metric tons in 2000 to 3,140,000 metric tons in 2013, with the compound annual growth rate of 21%. The Ministry of
Agriculture and the Municipal Government of Ganzhou, Jiangxi Province, have provided incentives to encourage the production of
navel oranges, including tax reduction, subsidies, free education, seedling promotion, and production standardization. As a result,
the domestic production is forecasted to further grow at 8% annual rate within the next three years, according to Beijing Huaqing
Zongheng Information and Statistics Center. 

Source:  Beijing Huajing Zongheng Information
and Statistics Center  

We anticipate that the demand for navel
oranges in China will continue to increase. According to the Ministry of Agriculture of China, the per capita consumption of fresh
oranges is 12.7 kg in China, compared to 17.2 kg worldwide. Approximately 98% of navel oranges produced in China are sold in the
domestic market, with only 2% exported to other countries. More than 95% of citrus fresh fruit is sold domestically in China, with
less than 5% of such fruit exported. A large portion of raw materials for orange juice is imported from Brazil and the US. We believe
that such data indicates there is a significant room for growth in this industry in China. 

In addition, navel orange production requires
stringent climate conditions; therefore, there are limited areas in the world where navel oranges can be produced. As a result,
production is primarily concentrated in warmer climates, such as California, Spain, South Africa, Australia, and  Gannan   Southern
Hunan   Northern Guangxi  in China. The Chinese government has identified the Gannan area as  the hometown
of the navel orange in China , and has been supportive of local producers. The Ministry of Agriculture named Gannan navel
oranges as one of the nine competitive agricultural products in the country, and listed Gannan as one of the key developing areas. 

As one of the leading enterprises in Gannan,
we play a decisive role in the navel orange industry. Furthermore, even though  Gannan Navel Orange  is the common
brand shared by all producers in Gannan area, we believe that  General Red  brand stands out among all of the other
Gannan brands because of the measures we take to ensure the highest quality standards and our consistent branding strategy. 

Post-harvest
Processing    

We believe the post-harvest processing
of harvested fruits also has broad prospects in China. Post-harvest processing includes selecting, grading, cleaning, pre-cooling,
waxing and packaging. Proper processing can minimize post-harvest loss, maintain the high nutritional content and freshness, slow
down the metabolic process of fruit in its natural state, enhance the appearance of the fruit and extend the life of the fruit.
Currently, 10% of fresh fruits are processed in the post-harvesting period in China, lower than the average level of 35% worldwide. 

Preservation
and Storage    

The storage and preservation technology
in China lags behind that of developed countries in the citrus exports sector due to grossly inadequate storage and preservation
facilities. According to data published in the  Agricultural Product Cold-Chain Logistics Development Plan  formulated
by China National Development and Reform Commission, the rate of cold chain distribution of fruits and vegetables is only 5%, and
the rate of refrigerated transportation hardly reaches 15%, which is much lower than in developed countries. Cold chain distribution
is a temperature controlled distribution supply chain, resulting in an uninterrupted series of storage and distribution activities
by maintaining a given temperature. It is used to help extend and ensure the shelf life of products, including agricultural products.
According to China National Development and Reform. 

Commission, the loss rate in distribution
of oranges in China is 20   30%, compared with less than 5% in developed countries. The National Development and
Reform Commission of China developed a  cold chain logistics development plan  in 2010, to improve the cold chain distribution
rate to 20% and refrigerated transportation rate to 30%, and reduce loss rate in distribution to 15%. 

Operations 

Our vertically-integrated operations cover
every step of the navel orange cultivation, harvest, post-harvest processing, storage and preservation. 

We believe that the scale of our operations
represents a key success factor and we have made continuous efforts to increase the size of our orchards and land planting area,
as presented by the table below. In addition, we have been able to grow the number of planted navel orange trees in our orchards
by over 90% between 2012 and 2016, from 536,586 trees to 1,077,098 trees. 

(1) There is no private ownership of
land in China. Land is usually owned by the state and the government grants land use rights for specified terms. We have obtained
several Land Use Right Certificates. In addition, we have entered into certain lease agreements with various parties and pay rent
for the use of their land. 

Moreover, we have put in place a production
and procurement model that we believe provides us a constant and stable source of supply on one hand, while providing us with flexible
cost control mechanisms on the other. This procurement model is illustrated below: 

In certain company-owned orchards, we have
direct employees working in the orchards, and there is no involvement of unrelated third parties in production. In other orchards
that we own, we hire local farmers to take care of orchards at a fixed fee per tree, which has been in the range of approximately
$8.00 to $9.00 per tree per year since 2011. We provide local farmers with raw materials, such as seedlings and fertilizer, as
well as production tools, electricity and irrigation facilities necessary for planting and harvesting the oranges. Our in-house
fruit forest management and protection team provides technical support and guidance to the farmers to optimize cultivation, irrigation,
fertilization, water and soil conservation, administration of organic pesticides for weed and pest control, and protection against
frost and rain. We instruct farmers on how to implement these quality control measures. 

For the leased orchards, we adopt a different
model. Prior to the growing season, the farmers enter into short-term sales contracts with us, which provide that we will purchase
a specified quantity of oranges from the farmers, based on weight, at a specified purchase price. We divide the production yield
with farmers, so that 60% of all product is for us, and 40% is for the farmers. These contracts further provide that we are only
obligated to purchase those oranges that meet our quality specifications. We believe that this is an attractive model for farmers,
as it allows them to bypass the logistics and added costs of going through wholesale or retail markets to sell their oranges. This
model is also beneficial to us because we have an ongoing supply of oranges, which we know are grown according to our specifications
enabling us to consistently maintain our high level of quality. In addition to production in our owned and leased orchards, we
buy navel oranges from outside parties. However, the production volume from our owned and leased orchards has increased from 35%
of total sales in fiscal year 2009, to 72% in fiscal year 2012 and to 78% in fiscal year 2013 and to 84% in fiscal year 2014, to
84% in the fiscal year 2015 and to 77% in the fiscal year 2016. 

Once the navel oranges are harvested or
purchased, we commercially process, preserve, store them in our temperature controlled facility and subsequently sell them throughout
the PRC. 

Our post-harvest processing equipment,
which includes our selection and packaging lines, was purchased from MAF RODA Group of Spain ( MAF RODA ). As part
of the purchasing contract, MAF RODA provides us with technical training on how to operate the equipment, which includes educating
our employees about the automatic control technology used in the equipment. In addition, we have two modern sorting lines at our
Ganzhou facility, with a sorting capacity of 40 tons/hour. These two sorting lines clean, disinfect and apply wax coating to the
oranges, and then select, classify, and send the navel oranges to pre-storage. 

Currently, most of the navel orange storage
facilities in the Southern Jiangxi region are cold storage, with only a few being temperature-controlled facilities. As a result,
the fact that we have constructed one of the largest navel orange temperature-controlled preservation facilities in the region
which is 19,176.31 square meters (approximately 4.74 acres) with a maximum storage capacity of 7,000 metric tons, gives us a distinct
advantage regarding the quality of our products. 

The temperature-controlled storage and
preservation technology used in our facility comes from Beijing Furui Ventilation Protection Company ( Beijing Furui ),
which was previously a subsidiary of China Agricultural University and Chinese Academy, of Agricultural Sciences. Beijing Furui
was the construction contractor in the design and construction of our temperature-controlled preservation facility, and provided
the main equipment used in the facility. In addition, our preservation facility is an air-controlled facility in which we control
not only the temperature but also the composition of the air. A nitrogen rich air environment slows down the oxidation process
and prolongs the life of the fruits. 

Our Competitive Strengths  

Our current
strong market position and potential future growth can be attributed to the following key factors and competitive strengths: 

Our vertically integrated operations  , which allow us to exercise a better control of the quality of our products and generate higher margins;   

The strategic location of our planting areas  , which affords us numerous advantages, including desirable climate conditions and soil for cultivating organic oranges, as well as proximity to China s extensive transportation network;   

Our product quality and brand name  , for which we have received more than 20 honors related to our navel oranges and our preservation facility;   

Our controlled atmosphere storage and preservation technology  , which allows us to maintain a storage period of up to 6   8 months, improve orange appearance and color, and retain a fresh flavor, and which we believe enables us to sell navel oranges at a higher price during the off-season when other producers may not have sufficient supply; and   

Our management and expert team  , which has developed extensive expertise through formal education on farming techniques, in-house training and several years of experience in the navel orange industry.   

Competitors  

Even though
we are one of the largest integrated navel orange companies with both growing areas and post-harvest processing and preservation
facilities in China, the whole industry is still very fragmented and we believe the industry will consolidate and present good
opportunities for growth through acquisitions. Our competitors are pure navel orange growers, pure post-harvest processors, or
both. The largest competitor in navel orange growing is Jiangxi Wangpin Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd.
with 5,600 mu (992 acres) of navel orange groves. The largest competitors in post-harvest processing and preservation are Anyuan
Shengda Fruit Industrial Co. Ltd with 20,000 metric ton of preservation capacity, and Xinfeng Yuhe Agricultural Development Co.
Ltd. with 30,000 metric tons of preservation capacity. 

The following
table lists our competitors in China and their profiles, based upon information accessible to us:   

Planting Base (mu)       

Storage 

Total Area       
     Area of Organic 
Planting Base for 
       
     Sorting Line 
Capacity       
     Facility 
Capacity       
     Leading 
Enterprise  
 
     Company Name    
     (mu)       
     (acres)       
     Navel Orange       
     (ton/hour)       
     (tons)       
      Qualification 1    
 
     Anyuan County Anshengda Fruit Industry Co., Ltd.    
        5,000       
        823       
        None       
        50       
        20000       
     Provincial Level  
 
     Jiangxi Yangshi Fruit Co., Ltd.    
        None       
        None       
        None       
        120       
        20,000       
     Provincial Level  
 
     Jiangxi Wangpin Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co., Ltd.    
        5,600       
        922       
        None       
        30       
        None       
     Provincial Level  
 
     Jiangxi Shengwei Fruit Industry Co., Ltd.    
        None       
        None       
        None       
        20       
        8000       
     None  
 
     Jiangxi Shengdi Fruit Industry Development Co., Ltd.    
        3,000       
        494       
        None       
        None       
        None       
     None  
 
     Xinfeng County Yuhe Agricultural Development Co., Ltd.    
        None       
        None       
        None       
        65       
        30,000       
     Provincial Level  
 
     Xunwu County Yuanxing Fruit Industry Co., Ltd.    
        3,000       
        494       
        None       
        40       
        5,000       
     Provincial Level  
 
     Huichang County Lvfeng Fruit Industry Co., Ltd.    
        None       
        None       
        None       
        20       
        9,000       
     Provincial Level  

(1) The
Leading Enterprise Qualification is designated by the government based on the company s operational scale, economic benefits,
and influence in the region. It represents a company s prestigious status in the industry and in the region. There are three
levels of Leading Enterprise Qualifications, National, Provincial and Municipal, designated by central government, provincial government
and municipal government respectively. 

The scale and the scope of our
operations represent our main competitive advantages. As one of the largest growers of navel oranges in Gannan and a fully integrated
company, we are able to exercise better control over the source and quality of our navel oranges. 

Growth Strategy  

As one of
the leading vertically integrated producers of navel oranges in Gannan, we believe that we are in a unique position to take full
advantage of the vast opportunities in our domestic market. We plan to leverage our strengths in order to achieve continued growth
and increased margin by: 

Increasing
Navel Orange Orchards in Gannan:   within the next two years, we will continue to build, acquire and lease navel orange
orchards in the Gannan region, because of the geographic advantages of Gannan presented earlier. Our strategy will focus primarily
on increasing the size of our orchards by entering into lease agreements with other land owners. During the year ending September
30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we leased 283,690, 112,650 and 207,502 additional orange trees in Gannan, respectively. 

Promoting
 General Red  Brand Name:   as part of our continuous efforts in the next few years, we plan to promote
and enhance the  General Red  brand by placing General Red trademark signs and advertisements in member stores and
in the target markets, employing consistent product management system and high standards for product quality, conducting customer
feedback surveys, and bringing added convenience to end-customers. 

Suppliers  

In addition
to the production of oranges in our own and leased orchards, we source oranges from outside parties. We are supplied with what
is referred to as  raw navel oranges,  which are oranges prior to post-harvest processing. In a typical supply contract
that we enter into with an outside party, we require the supplier to supply a certain amount of navel oranges at a predefined price
pursuant to our quality standards during the harvest season. The suppliers are responsible for the cost of transportation to our
facility. Upon execution of purchase contracts with local farmer collectives, as a measure to secure title in the navel oranges
to be purchased, the Company usually makes an advance payment equivalent to approximately 10% to 20% of the total contract price
when executing purchase contracts with local farmer collectives. Upon receipt of navel oranges, these advance payments will be
applied against related invoices. 

The ratio
of outside supplies of navel oranges has declined from approximately 55% in fiscal year 2011, 28% in fiscal year 2012 to 23% in
fiscal year 2013, to 16% in fiscal year 2014 and to 16% in the fiscal year 2015, and 23% in the fiscal year 2016 due to the increase
in navel orange trees that we own and lease. 

When we
initially develop the orange groves, our fruit seedlings are sourced from seedling cultivation centers, which are typically the
result of the joint efforts among the agriculture research institutes, and government agency in agriculture technology promotion. 

We purchase
the fertilizers, other production materials and tools from the public market. We have not had any problems in sourcing the supplies. 

Significant Customers  

Our products
are currently sold through distributors in over 11 provinces of China including Jiangxi, Beijing, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Guangxi,
Shandong, Guangdong, Anhui, Helongjiang, Inner Mongolia and Jiangsu. We currently do not sell directly to consumers or retail markets. 

Set forth
below is a list of our top five customers during the year ended September 30, 2016: 

Customer    
     Percentage  of total sales     
 
     Sichun Huaxinghongcheng Investment Co., Ltd    
        9  %  
 
     Beijing Laoliao Fruit Trade Co., Ltd.    
        9  %  
 
     Beijing Green Area Fruit Co., Ltd.    
        8  %  
 
     Yuguo Xu    
        8  %  
 
     Lili Tao    
        8  %  

Our sales
contract usually provides that our distributors will buy from us a minimum amount of navel oranges during a predefined period of
the year at market price. Each distributor is assigned to a geographic region for the sale of our branded navel oranges to end
consumers. Within its assigned region, a distributor must execute our company s sales strategy, and protect our company s
brand name. We split the long-distance transportation cost with distributors equally. Since October 2013, the distributors bear
all transportation cost. Distributors deposit a small amount with us as a security deposit, and settle the payment to us on a monthly
basis. 

PRC Government
Regulation  

Agriculture
Laws    

On July
2, 1993, the Standing Committee of National People's Congress of the PRC promulgated the Agriculture Law, which sets forth certain
principles and various measures designed to ensure the steady development of the agricultural industry. For example, the production
or operation of agricultural products that affect the health of people or animals, such as seeds, must meet registration and approval
requirements of the PRC laws and regulations. The Agriculture Law regulates the planting, processing, selling, preservation and
transportation of agricultural products. Agricultural Law stipulates that farmers and organizations for production and operation
of agriculture products shall keep good maintenance of their lands, make a rational use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides,
increase their application of organic fertilizers so as to improve soil fertility and prevent the land from pollution, destruction
and soil fertility declination. The Company believes it is in material compliance with the Agricultural Law. 

According
to Law of the People's Republic of China on Quality and Safety of Agricultural Products passed by Standing Committee of National
People s Congress on April 29, 2006, effective on November 1, 2006, the administrative departments for agriculture under
the governments at or above the county level shall be responsible for supervision and control of the quality and safety of agricultural
products; and the relevant departments of the people's governments at or above the county level shall, in compliance with the division
of their duties, be responsible for the work related to the quality and safety of agricultural products. Agricultural production
enterprises and specialized cooperative economic organizations of farmers shall test the quality and safety of their products themselves
or entrust the testing to a testing agency. The Company has engaged a testing agency to test soil, cultivating water and air for
certain planting areas to ensure the quality and safety of its products. 

According
to Law of the People's Republic of China on Quality and Safety of Agricultural Products, when agricultural products is marketed
by agricultural production enterprises, specialized cooperative economic organizations of farmers, and by units or individuals
engaged in the purchase of agricultural products, then such agriculture products will be required to be packed or labeled in case
the packing and labeling is necessary according to related regulations and shall be marketable only after they are packaged or
labeled. The Company believes that it has packed and labeled its orange products as in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. 

New Plant Varieties Regulation   

The Regulation
for the Protection of New Plant Varieties of was promulgated by the State Council on March 20, 1997 and became effective on October
1, 1997. The administrative departments of the State Council in charge of agriculture and forestry are, according to their respective
functions, jointly responsible for the acceptance and examination of applications for the rights to new varieties of plants and
the grant of such rights. A person that has completed the production, sale or dissemination of a new variety of plant which has
been granted a variety right will have an exclusive right in its protected variety. Unless otherwise provided in the regulations,
no other person may use such variety for commercial purposes without a license from the owner of the rights to the variety. The
Company does not currently have the exclusive rights of a protected variety to any brand of navel orange. As its business develops,
the Company may file for protection of its own orange variety in the future. 

Forest      
 Laws     

The PRC
Forestry Law passed by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on April 29, 1998 and effective as of July
1, 1998, as well as its implement promulgated by State Council on January 29, 2000 ( Forest Law ), is enacted to protect,
cultivate and reasonably use of forest resources. It governs the afforestation, cultivation, felling, utilization, management and
administration of forests within the PRC territory. PRC Forestry Law divided the forests into the following five categories: (1)
Protection forests: forests, trees and bushes mainly aimed at protection, inclusive of water source storage forests, forests for
water and soil conservation, wind protection and sand bind forests, forests for farmland and grassland protection, river bank protective
belts and road protection belts; (2) Timber stands: forests and trees mainly at timber production, inclusive of bamboo groves mainly
aimed at bamboo production; (3) Economic forests: trees mainly aimed at the production of fruits; edible oils, soft drinks and
ingredients; industrial raw materials; and medicinal materials; (4) Firewood forests: trees mainly aimed at the production of fuels;
(5) Forests for special uses: forests and trees mainly aimed at national defense, environmental protection and scientific experiments,
inclusive of national defense forests, experimental forests, parent stands, environmental protection forests, scenic beauty forests,
trees for sites of historical interests and the forests of natural protection areas. Forest Law prohibits land reclamation at the
expense of deforestation, rock quarrying, sand quarrying, soil extracting and other activities at the expense of deforestation.
The Company believes it is in material compliance with the Forestry Law. 

PRC
Quarantine Law on the Import and Export of Plants and relevant rules and regulations    

The PRC
Quarantine Inspection Law on the Import and Export of Plants passed by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress
on October 30, 1991, and effective as of April 1, 1992, is aimed at preventing diseases, insect pests and harmful organisms from
spreading into or out of the country, protecting the production of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery as well
as human health, and promoting the development of foreign economic relations and trade. The implement rule of PRC Quarantine Inspection
Law on the Import and Export of Plants was promulgated by State Council on December 2, 1996 and effective as of January 1, 1997.
Administration Rule of Quarantine Inspection of Exporting Fruits was promulgated by General Administration of Quality Supervision,
Inspection and Quarantine of PRC ( AQSIQ ) on December 25, 2006 and effective on February 1, 2007. 

Pursuant
to PRC Quarantine Inspection Law on the Import and Export of Plants and its implementing regulations, (i) the Ministry of Agriculture
shall be responsible for the import and export quarantine of animal and plant; and (ii) enterprises importing plant seeds, seedlings
or other propagating materials must submit an application in advance and go through the formalities of quarantine inspection. In
addition, according to Administration Rule of Quarantine Inspection of Exporting Fruits, the fruits may export after the pass of
quarantine inspection. 

We believe
that we have taken reasonable measures to ensure material compliance with PRC Quarantine Law and its related implementing regulations.
We have obtained registration certificates issued by Jiangxi Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau for the export by our
orchard and packaging factory of navel oranges in accordance with the Administration Rule of Quarantine Inspection of Exporting
Fruits promulgated by AQSIQ. The Administration Rule of Quarantine Inspection of Exporting Fruits also provides that the Bureau
for Inspection and Quarantine execute the inspection and quarantine for exporting fruits and the goods shall be permitted for export
if the exporting fruits pass such inspection and quarantine and obtain related certificates issued accordingly. Our exported oranges
have passed the inspection and quarantine. 

Foreign
Currency Exchange    

Pursuant
to the Foreign Currency Administration Rules promulgated on January 29, 1996 and amended on August 1, 2008, as well as various
regulations issued by State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ) and other relevant PRC government authorities,
the RMB is freely convertible into a foreign currency for current account items, including trade-related receipts and payments,
interest and dividends, but not for capital account items, such as direct equity investments, loans and repatriation of investment,
unless prior approval from SAFE or a local branch has been obtained. Transactions that occur within the PRC must be settled in
RMB. Unless otherwise approved, PRC companies must repatriate foreign currency payments received from abroad and domestic enterprises
must convert all of their foreign currency receipts into RMB. Foreign-invested enterprises may retain foreign exchange in accounts
with designated foreign exchange banks subject to a cap set by SAFE or its local branch. 

Intellectual Property  

The PRC
Trademark Law, adopted on August 23, 1982 and revised on October 27, 2001, protects the proprietary rights of registered trademarks.
The State Administration for Industry and Commerce s Trademark Office handles trademark registrations and grants an initial
term of rights of ten years to registered trademarks. Upon the initial term s expiration, a second term of ten years may
be granted under a renewal. Trademark license agreements must be filed with the Trademark Office or a regional office. In addition,
if a registered trademark is recognized as a well-known trademark in a specific case, the proprietary right of the trademark holder
may be extended beyond the registered sphere of products and services to which the trademark relates. 

We own and
utilize the domain of  www.gelt-cn.com  and the trademarks listed below. We continuously look to increase the number of our
trademarks where necessary to protect valuable intellectual property. We regard our trademarks and other intellectual property
as valuable assets and believe that they have significant value in the marketing of our products. We vigorously protect our trademarks
against infringement, including through the use of cease and desist letters, administrative proceedings and lawsuits. 

We rely
on trademark, and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements and licensing arrangements to establish, protect and enforce
intellectual property rights in our logos, trade names and in the marketing of our products. In particular, we believe that our
future success will largely depend on our ability to maintain and protect the  General Red  trademark. Despite our
efforts to safeguard and maintain our intellectual property rights, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in this regard.
Furthermore, we cannot be certain that our trademarks, products and promotional materials or other intellectual property rights
do not or will not violate the intellectual property rights of others, that our intellectual property would be upheld if challenged
or that we would, in such an event, not be prevented from using our trademarks or other intellectual property rights. Such claims,
if proven, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, although
any such claims may ultimately prove to be without merit, the necessary management attention to, and legal costs associated with,
litigation or other resolution of future claims concerning trademarks and other intellectual property rights could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The laws
of certain foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent or in the same manner as do the laws
of the PRC. Although we continue to implement protective measures and intend to defend our intellectual property rights vigorously,
these efforts may not be successful or the costs associated with protecting our rights in certain jurisdictions may be prohibitive.
From time to time we may discover products in the marketplace that are counterfeit reproductions of our products or that otherwise
infringe upon intellectual property rights held by us. Actions taken by us to establish and protect our trademarks and other intellectual
property rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales
of our products as violating trademarks and intellectual property rights. If we are unsuccessful in challenging a third party s
products on the basis of infringement of our intellectual property rights, continued sales of such products by that or any other
third party could adversely impact the  General Red  brand, result in the shift of consumer preferences away from our
products and generally have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Trademarks  

Through
General Fruit and General Preservation, we are licensed to use the following trademarks registered with the Trademark Office, State
Administration for Industry and Commerce in the PRC: 

We plan
to file for an extension with the appropriate trademark offices before expiration of the trademarks listed above. 

Employees  

Currently,
we have 78 employees and temporary staff. Set forth below is a breakdown of our employees by category: 

Category  
       
      Number of employees   
 
     Administrative and finance 
       
     11  
 
     Sales and marketing 
       
     3  
 
     Technician 
       
     4  
 
     Workers* 
       
     60  

*    The number of workers we hired for seasonal work was 45.    

General
Fruit and General Preservation, our operating companies in PRC, have signed employment contracts with all employees, either full-time
or part-time. Pursuant to the labor regulations in PRC, we are required to pay social insurance for full-time employees, but not
for part-time employees. 

Corporation Information  

Our principal
executive offices are located at Room 620, Tower B, Nanxin Cang Business Plaza, No.22 Dongsishitiao Jia, Dongcheng District, Beijing,
China. Postal Code: 100007. 

Our telephone
number is + 86-10-51690618. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Any investment
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the specific risk factors described below in
addition to the other information contained in this Report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in the report, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business,
financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. This could cause the trading
price of our common stock to decline and a loss of all or part of your investment.  

Risks Related to Our Business  

If our products are unable
to compete effectively with current and future products targeting similar markets as our potential products, our commercial opportunities
will be reduced or eliminated.   

We have
established orchards on approximately 31,275 mu of land (5,152 acres). We also established one of the largest temperature facilities
in the PRC with a 7,000 metric ton storage capacity in which we preserve and package our navel oranges. During fiscal year 2016,
we sold over 34,626 metric tons of navel oranges. Even though we are one of the largest integrated navel orange companies with
both growing areas and post-harvest processing, our competitors are pure navel orange growers, pure post-harvest processors, or
both. The largest competitor in navel orange growing is Jiangxi Wangpin Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd.
with 5,600 mu  (992 acres)  of navel orange groves. The largest competitors in post-harvest processing
and preservation are Anyuan Shengda Fruit Industrial Co. Ltd with 20,000 metric ton of preservation capacity, and Xinfeng Yuhe
Agricultural Development Co. Ltd. with approximately 30,000 metric tons of preservation capacity. 

Our ability
to provide products at a competitive price is critical to our continued operations. Some of our competitors have greater financial
resources, more established market positions and better opportunities for contracts and have lower costs of capital, labor and
material than us. If our competition is such that we cannot compete and generate a sufficient return on our investment and operations,
we may be forced to curtail our operations, resulting in a loss to investors. 

We have
agreements with a limited number of farmers to grow and supply us with oranges. Any disruption in supply breach of our agreements
or failure to deliver products could adversely impact our distribution capabilities or increase our costs, which could harm our
reputation or materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.   

We purchase certain
of our products from farmers with whom we have seasonal contracts. The failure of our farmers to supply oranges that satisfy our
quality, quantity and cost requirements, the decision by farmers not to re-enter into contracts with us or a breach of the contracts,
could have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain our distribution network. If we fail to maintain our relationships with
these farmers or fail to develop new relationships with other farmers, our business, results of operations and financial condition
would be materially adversely impacted. 

We
derive all of our sales from the PRC.   

Substantially
all of our sales are generated from the PRC. In 2012, 2014 and 2015 approximately 1% or less of our revenues were generated from
export of our oranges outside of the PRC. In 2013 no sales were generated from export outside of the PRC. Although we have explored
the exportation of oranges outside of the PRC, at this time we anticipate that sales of our oranges in the PRC will continue to
represent all or substantially all of our total sales in the near future. Any significant decline in the condition of the PRC economy
could adversely affect consumer demand of our products, among other things, which in turn would have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial condition. 

Our earnings
and, therefore our profitability, may be affected by price volatility.   

Our earnings may
be affected by the price of our oranges. There are many factors influencing the price including expectations for inflation; global
and regional demand and production; political and economic conditions; and production costs. These factors are beyond our control
and are impossible for us to predict. As a result, price changes may adversely affect our operating results. 

If our land
use rights are revoked, we would have no operational capabilities or ability to conduct our business.   

Under PRC law,
land is owned by state or rural collective economic organizations. The state issues tenants the rights to use property. Rights
to use property can be revoked and tenants can be forced to vacate at any time when redevelopment of the land is in the public
interest. The public interest rationale is interpreted broadly and the process of land appropriation may be less than transparent.
Because production of oranges is dependent on having land to grow oranges on, we rely on these land use rights as the cornerstone
of our operations, and the loss of such rights by us or the farmers from whom we purchase oranges would have a detrimental effect
on our business. 

Weather
and other environmental factors may affect our harvesting season, and a reduction in the quality or quantity of our orange supplies
may have a detrimental effect on our revenues.   

Our business may
be adversely affected by weather and environmental factors beyond our control, such as adverse weather conditions during the growing
season. We have no control over such forces of nature. A significant reduction in the quantity or quality of oranges harvested
resulting from adverse weather conditions, disease to the crops or other factors could result in increased per unit processing
costs and decreased production, with adverse financial consequences to us. 

We
may require additional capital to fund the expansion of our business, and our inability to obtain such capital could harm our business.

To support
our expanding business, we must have sufficient capital to continue to make significant investments in our existing products and
advertising. We cannot assure you that cash generated by our operations will be sufficient to allow us to fund such expansion.
If cash flows from operations are not sufficient, we may need additional equity or debt financing to provide the funds required
to expand our business. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to expand our business
or to develop new business at the rate desired and our operating results may suffer. Debt financing increases expenses, may contain
covenants that restrict the operation of our business, and must be repaid regardless of operating results. Equity financing, or
debt financing that is convertible into equity, could result in additional dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Our inability
to obtain adequate capital resources, whether in the form of equity or debt, to fund our business and growth strategies may require
us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our operations or the expansion of our business, which may have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or prospects. 

If
we make any acquisitions, they may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business.   

Although
we have no present plans for any specific acquisitions, in the event that we make acquisitions, we could have difficulty integrating
the acquired companies  personnel and operations with our own. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired business may
not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are
successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees
and increase our expenses. In addition to the risks described above, acquisitions are accompanied by a number of inherent risks,
including, without limitation, the following: 

the difficulty of integrating acquired products, services or operations;   

the potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management
of acquired companies;   

the difficulty of incorporating acquired rights or products into our existing business;   

difficulties in disposing of the excess or idle facilities of an acquired company or business and
expenses in maintaining such facilities;   

difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies;   

the potential impairment of relationships with employees and distributors as a result of any integration
of new management personnel;   

the potential inability or failure to achieve additional sales and enhance our distributor base
through cross-marketing of the products to new and existing distributors;   

the effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired; and   

potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses or product lines, or the need
to spend significant amounts to retool, reposition or modify the marketing and sales of acquired products or the defense of any
litigation, whether or not successful, resulting from actions of the acquired company prior to our acquisition.   

Our business
could be severely impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems
encountered in connection with these acquisitions, many of which cannot be presently identified, these risks and problems could
disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of
operations. 

Our
growth could strain our personnel and infrastructure resources, and if we are unable to implement appropriate controls and procedures
to manage our growth, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan.   

Our success
will depend in part upon management s ability to manage growth. To do so, we must continue to hire, train and manage new
employees as needed. If our new hires perform poorly, or if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, managing and integrating these
new employees, or if we are not successful in retaining our existing employees, our business may be harmed. To manage the expected
growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls
and our reporting systems and procedures. The additional headcount and capital investments we are adding will increase our cost
base, which will make it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by offsetting expense reductions in the
short term. If we fail to successfully manage our growth, we will be unable to execute our business plan. 

Risks Related
to Our Industry  

Our financial
and operating performance may be adversely affected by epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes.   

Orange tree disease,
insect infestation, severe weather conditions, such as floods, droughts, windstorms and hurricanes, and other adverse environmental
conditions and natural disasters, may adversely affect our supply of our product, reduce our sales volumes, increase our unit production
costs or prevent or impair our ability to ship products as planned. Because a significant portion of our costs are fixed and contracted
in advance of each operating year, volume declines due to production interruptions or other factors could result in increases in
unit production costs, which could result in substantial losses and weaken our financial condition. Severe weather conditions may
occur with higher frequency or may be less predictable in the future due to the effects of climate change. An occurrence of such
an event might result in material disruptions to our operations, to the operations of our distributors or suppliers, resulting
in a decline in the agriculture industry and our financial and operating performance. There can be no assurance that our facilities
or products will not be affected by any such occurrence in the future, which occurrence may lead to adverse conditions to our operations
and financial results. The centralization of our fruit trees in the Jiangxi Province exacerbates this concern. 

For example, in
early 2003, several economies in Asia, including China, were affected by the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome, or
SARS. During May and June of 2003, many businesses in the PRC were closed by the PRC government to prevent transmission of SARS.
Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the effects of H1N1 flu (swine flu), avian flu, severe acute respiratory
syndrome or other epidemics or outbreaks. In April 2009, an outbreak of H1N1 flu first occurred in Mexico and quickly spread to
other countries, including the U.S. and China. In the last decade, China has suffered health epidemics related to the outbreak
of avian influenza and severe acute respiratory syndrome. Any prolonged occurrence or recurrence of H1N1 flu (swine flu), avian
flu, SARS or other adverse public health developments in the PRC may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
These health epidemics could result in severe travel restrictions and closures that would restrict our ability to ship our products.
Potential outbreaks could also lead to temporary closure of our manufacturing facilities, our suppliers  facilities and/or
our distributors  facilities, leading to reduced production, delayed or cancelled orders, and decrease in demand for our
products. Any future health epidemic or outbreaks that could disrupt our operations and/or restrict our shipping abilities may
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Furthermore, the 2008 Sichuan earthquake also had a negative
impact on many businesses in the region. Losses caused by epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes,
including SARS, avian flu, swine flu, earthquakes or typhoons, could adversely affect our financial and operating performance. 

Concerns
over food safety and public health may affect our operations by increasing our costs and negatively impacting demand for our products.   

We could
be adversely affected by diminishing confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, even if our
practices and procedures are not implicated. As a result we may also elect or be required to incur additional costs aimed at increasing
consumer confidence in the safety of our products. For example, a crisis in the PRC over melamine-contaminated milk in 2008 adversely
impacted PRC food exports of milk and dairy products, with several countries banning the import of all PRC milk and milk products
even though the contamination was localized to certain companies. Our success depends on our ability to maintain the quality of
our products. Product quality issues, real or imagined, or allegations of product contamination, even if false or unfounded, could
tarnish our image and may cause consumers to choose other products. However,  most of our sales are generated
from the PRC and not from exports. Although we have explored the exportation of oranges outside of the PRC, at this time we anticipate
that sales of our oranges in the PRC will continue to represent a substantial proportion of our total sales in the near future.  

Risks Related
to Our Company  

Adverse
Chinese and international economic and market conditions may adversely affect our product sales and business  . 

Current
U.S. and international economic and market conditions are uncertain. Our revenues and operating results may be affected by uncertain
or changing economic and market conditions, including the challenges faced in the credit markets and financial services industry.
If domestic and global economic and market conditions remain uncertain or persist or deteriorate further, we may experience material
impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse economic conditions impacting our distributors,
including, among others, increased taxation, higher unemployment, lower distributor confidence in the economy, higher distributor
debt levels, lower availability of distributor credit, higher interest rates and hardships relating to declines in the stock markets,
could cause purchases of oranges and orange products to decline, resulting in a decrease in purchase of our products, which could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. Adverse economic market conditions could also negatively impact
our business by negatively affecting the parties with whom we do business, including among others, distributors and our suppliers. 

We
do not currently hedge our risk exposure to market fluctuations in the price and demand of oranges.    

We sell
our oranges at market prices. Our only product is oranges, and the market price of oranges directly affects the profitability of
our operations. Additionally, demand for our products depends primarily on consumer-related factors such as demographics, local
preferences and food consumption trends, macroeconomic factors such as the condition of the economy and the level of consumer confidence,
as well as seasonal factors such as weather and festivities, and the market price of oranges. We do not currently hedge our risk
exposure to market fluctuations in the price of our oranges. However, d ue to our superior preservation
capabilities, we are able to extend our fruits  life cycle to June of the year following harvesting, which enables us to
sell navel oranges at a higher price during the off-season when other producers may not have sufficient supply.  If the market
price for oranges declines, our revenue will decrease and our failure or inability to follow or adapt to changes in market demand
or market price in a timely manner, if at all, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Prices of
agricultural products are subject to supply and demand, which is not predictable which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial conditions  . 

Because our agricultural
products are commodities, we are not able to predict with certainty what price we will receive for our products. Additionally,
the growth cycle of such products in many instances dictates when such products must be marketed to achieve the maximum profitability.
Excessive supplies tend to cause severe price competition and lower prices throughout the industry affected. Conversely, shortages
may drive the prices higher. Shortages often result from adverse growing conditions which can reduce the availability of the agricultural
products affected. Since multiple variables can affect supply and demand, we cannot accurately predict or control from year to
year what prices, either favorable or unfavorable, it will receive from the market. 

In addition, general
public perceptions regarding the quality, safety or health risks associated with particular food products could reduce demand and
prices for some of our products. To the extent that consumer preferences evolve away from products that we produce for health or
other reasons, and we are unable to modify our products or to develop products that satisfy new consumer preferences, there will
be a decreased demand for our products. Our preservation capabilities allow us to preserve our oranges for approximately six months
which enables us to sell at a higher price during the off season when other producers may not have sufficient supply. However,
even if market prices are unfavorable at the end of the life of our oranges, as extended by our preservation capabilities, our
oranges must be brought to market promptly. A decrease in the selling price received for our products due to the factors described
above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are subject
to the risk of product contamination and product liability claims which may cause us to incur litigation expenses and to devote
significant management time to defending such claims and, if determined adversely to us, could require us to pay significant damage
awards.   

The sales of our
products may involve the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized personnel, product
contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, or residues introduced during the
growing, packing, storage, handling or transportation phases. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and
believe our facilities comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, including internal product safety
policies, we cannot be sure that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related illness in the future or that we will
not be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful, the negative
publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing
and potential distributors and our brand image. We do not maintain product liability insurance. 

Unlike the United
States and many other countries, product liability claims and lawsuits in the PRC are rare. We cannot guaranty that product liability
exposures and litigation will not become more commonplace in the PRC. In addition to the genetic traits and the quality of our
products, the performance marketability of our oranges depends on climate, geographical areas, cultivation method, farmers 
degree of knowledge and other factors. At the same time, the viability of some farmland in the PRC has deteriorated due to toxic
and hazardous materials from farmers  overuse of herbicides. These factors are beyond our control and can result in sub-optimal
production yields. However, farmers generally attribute sub-optimal production yields to poor seed quality. We may be required
from time to time to recall products. Product recalls could adversely affect our profitability and our brand image. 

While we have
not experienced any credible product liability litigation to date, there is no guarantee that we will not experience such litigation
in the future. In the event we do experience product liability claims or a product recall, our financial condition and business
operations could be materially adversely affected. 

One or more
of our distributors could engage in activities that are harmful to our brand and to our business.   

Our products are
sold primarily through distributors, and those distributors are responsible for ensuring that our oranges are kept at the right
temperature to be fresh and meet shelf life terms. If our products are sold under another brand, the purchasers will not be aware
of our brand name, and we will be unable to cross-market other seed varieties or other products as effectively to these purchasers.
Furthermore, if any of our distributors sell inferior products under our brand name or do not store our oranges at the right temperature,
our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could make marketing of our branded seeds more difficult. 

We may fail
to maintain the permits we currently hold. This could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could materially adversely
affect our results of operations.   

We are required
to hold numerous permits and licenses to conduct business in the PRC. The approvals, permits or licenses required by governmental
agencies may change without substantial advance notice, and we could fail to obtain or maintain the approvals, permits or licenses
required to expand our business. If we do not possess a permit or license required, we fail to obtain or to maintain such permits
or licenses, or if renewals are granted with onerous conditions, we could be subject to fines and other penalties and be limited
in the number or the quality of the products that we could offer. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial
condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

We may experience
major accidents in the course of our operations, which may cause significant property damage and personal injury.   

We may experience
major accidents in the course of our operations, which may cause significant property damage and personal injuries. Significant
industry-related accidents and natural disasters may cause interruptions to various parts of our operations, or could result in
property or environmental damage, increase in operating expenses or loss of revenue. The occurrence of such accidents and the resulting
consequences may not be covered adequately, or at all, by the insurance policies we carry. We carry limited business interruption
insurance and third party liability insurance for personal injury or environmental damage arising from accidents on our property
or relating to our operations. Losses or payments incurred may have a material adverse effect on our operating performance if such
losses or payments are not fully insured. 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in the PRC   

We are subject
to risks relating to the nature of China s agriculture and food industry.   

The agricultural
and food industry in the PRC has issues that the agricultural industry does not have within the United States. In the PRC, insurance
coverage is a relatively new concept compared to that of the United States and for certain aspects of a business operation, insurance
coverage is restricted or expensive. Workers compensation for employees in the PRC may be unavailable or, if available, insufficient
to adequately cover such employees. The environmental laws and regulations in the PRC set various standards regulating certain
aspects of health and environmental quality, including, in some cases, the obligation to rehabilitate current and former facilities
and locations where operations are or were conducted. Violation of those standards could result in a temporary or permanent restriction
by the PRC of our operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately address any of these or other limitations. 

If the PRC
government were to change its presently favorable policy toward the agriculture industry, we would no longer enjoy our present
tax-related privileges, which would materially and adversely impact our sales performance, margins, and net profit and our costs
structure.   

As producers active
in the agriculture industry, our subsidiaries are presently exempt from income tax and enjoy various incentive grants and subsidies
given by the PRC government. If the PRC government were to change its presently favorable policy toward the agriculture industry,
we would no longer enjoy our present tax-related privileges, which would materially and adversely impact our sales performance,
margins, and net profit and our costs structure. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, quick changes of policies
by the PRC government. If we do not effectively and efficiently manage and respond to such changes of policy changes, we could
suffer adversely from the consequences of any such policy changes. 

Currency
fluctuations and restrictions on currency exchange may adversely affect our business, including limiting our ability to convert
PRC Renminbi, or RMB, into foreign currencies and, if the RMB were to decline in value, reduce our revenue in U.S. Dollar terms  . 

The exchange rate
of the RMB is currently managed by the PRC government. On July 21, 2005, the People s Bank of China, or the People s
Bank, with the authorization of the State Council of the PRC, announced that the RMB exchange rate would no longer be pegged to
the U.S. Dollar and would float based on market supply and demand with reference to a basket of currencies. According to public
reports, the governor of the People s Bank has stated that the basket is composed mainly of the U.S. Dollar, the European
Union Euro, the Japanese Yen and the South Korean Won. Also considered, but playing smaller roles, are the currencies of Singapore,
the United Kingdom, Malaysia, Russia, Australia, Canada and Thailand. The weight of each currency within the basket has not been
announced. 

The initial adjustment
of the RMB exchange rate was an approximate 2% revaluation from an exchange rate of 8.28 RMB per U.S. Dollar to 8.11 RMB per U.S.
Dollar. Since July 2005, the People s Bank has made several changes to the regulation of the exchange rate of the RMB. The
People s Bank announced that the daily trading price of the U.S. Dollar against the RMB in the inter-bank foreign exchange
market would be allowed to float within a band of 2% around the central parity. In May 2007, the People s Bank announced
that the daily trading price of the U.S. Dollar against the RMB would be allowed to float within a band of 0.5% around the central
parity. In June 2010, the People s Bank announced its intention to allow the RMB to move more freely against the basket of
currencies which would increase the possibility of sharp fluctuations in the value of the RMB and the unpredictability associated
with the RMB exchange rate. Despite this change in its exchange rate regime, the PRC government continues to manage the valuation
of the RMB. The People s Bank has announced two changes to the exchange rate regime: once in April 2012 when the band was
extended to 1% around the central parity and again in March 2014 when the band was extended to 2% around the central parity. 

The value of our
common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and the RMB. Appreciation or depreciation
in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. Dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. Dollar terms without giving
effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the
relative value of any dividend we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. Dollars, as well as earnings from, and the value of, any
U.S. Dollar-denominated investments we make in the future. 

The income statements
of our operations are translated into U.S. Dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period. We are also exposed
to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we convert the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. Dollars in consolidation.
If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the conversion of the foreign subsidiaries  financial statements
into U.S. Dollars will lead to a translation gain or loss, which is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. 

Very limited hedging
transactions are available in the PRC to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any
hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions
may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange losses
may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies. 

The PRC
economic cycle may negatively impact our operating results.   

We believe that
the rapid growth of the PRC economy before 2008 generally led to higher levels of inflation. We believe that the PRC economy has
more recently experienced a decrease in its growth rate. We believe that a number of factors have contributed to this deceleration,
including appreciation of the RMB, which has adversely affected China s exports. In addition, we believe the deceleration
has been exacerbated by the recent global crisis in the financial services and credit markets, which has resulted in significant
volatility and dislocation in the global capital markets. It is uncertain how long the global crisis in the financial services
and credit markets will continue and the significance of the adverse impact it may have on the global economy in general or the
PRC economy in particular. Slowing economic growth in the PRC could result in weakening growth and demand for our products which
could reduce our revenues and income. In the event of a recovery in the PRC, renewed high growth levels may again lead to inflation.
The government s attempts to control inflation may adversely affect the business climate and growth of private enterprise.
In addition, our profitability may be adversely affected if prices for our products rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate
for the rise in inflation. 

Under the
PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a  resident enterprise  of China, and such classification would
likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.   

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law,
or the EIT Law, which became effective on January 1, 2008, an enterprise established outside the PRC with  de facto management
bodies  within the PRC is considered a  resident enterprise  for PRC enterprise income tax purposes and is generally
subject to a uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate on its worldwide income. In 2009, the State Administration of Taxation, or
the SAT, issued the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Overseas Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident
Enterprise on the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies, or SAT Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining
whether the  de facto management body  of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China.
Further to SAT Circular 82, on July 27, 2011, the SAT issued the Administrative Measures for Enterprise Income Tax of Chinese-Controlled
Offshore Incorporated Resident Enterprises (Trial), or SAT Bulletin 45, to provide more guidance on the implementation of SAT Circular
82; the bulletin became effective on September 1, 2011. SAT Bulletin 45 clarified certain issues in the areas of resident status
determination, post-determination administration and competent tax authorities  procedures. 

According to SAT Circular 82, an offshore
incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be considered as a PRC tax resident enterprise
by virtue of having its  de facto management body  in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its
worldwide income only if all of the following conditions are met: (a) the senior management and core management departments in
charge of its daily operations function have their presence mainly in the PRC; (b) its financial and human resources decisions
are subject to determination or approval by persons or bodies in the PRC; (c) its major assets, accounting books, company seals,
and minutes and files of its board and shareholders  meetings are located or kept in the PRC; and (d) more than half of the
enterprise s directors or senior management with voting rights habitually reside in the PRC. SAT Bulletin 45 specifies that
when provided with a copy of Chinese tax resident determination certificate from a resident Chinese controlled offshore incorporated
enterprise, the payer should not withhold 10% income tax when paying the Chinese-sourced dividends, interest, royalties, etc. to
the Chinese controlled offshore incorporated enterprise. 

Although SAT Circular 82 and SAT Bulletin
45 only apply to offshore incorporated enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups and not those controlled
by PRC individuals or foreigners, the determination criteria set forth therein may reflect the SAT s general position on
how the term  de facto management body  could be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises,
regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises, individuals or foreigners. 

If the PRC tax authorities determine that
we or any of our non-PRC subsidiaries is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, then we or any such
non-PRC subsidiary could be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 25% on its world-wide income, which could materially reduce our net
income. In addition, we will also be subject to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. 

If the PRC tax authorities determine that
our company is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, gains realized on the sale or other disposition
of shares may be subject to PRC tax, at a rate of 10% in the case of non-PRC enterprises or 20% in the case of non-PRC individuals
(in each case, subject to the provisions of any applicable tax treaty), if such gains are deemed to be from PRC sources. Any such
tax may reduce the returns on your investment in the shares. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us and we may have limited legal recourse under PRC law if disputes
arise under our contracts with third parties.   

Since 1979, we
believe PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments
in the PRC. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not
sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in the PRC. In particular, because these laws and regulations are relatively
new, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal system
is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may
have a retroactive effect. As a result, sometimes we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime
after violation. 

The PRC government
has enacted some laws and regulations dealing with matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment, commerce,
taxation and trade. However, their experience in implementing, interpreting and enforcing these laws and regulations is limited,
and our ability to enforce commercial claims or to resolve commercial disputes is unpredictable. The resolution of these matters
may be subject to the exercise of considerable discretion by agencies of the PRC government, and forces unrelated to the legal
merits of a particular matter or dispute may influence their determination. Any rights we may have to specific performance, or
to seek an injunction under PRC law, in either of these cases, are severely limited, and without a means of recourse by virtue
of the PRC legal system, we may be unable to prevent these situations from occurring. The occurrence of any such events could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse
changes in political and economic policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth
of the PRC, which could reduce the demand for our products and materially and adversely affect our competitive position.   

Our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects are affected significantly by economic, political and legal developments
in the PRC. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including: 

the amount of government involvement;   

the level of development;   

the growth rate;   

the control of foreign exchange; and   

the allocation of resources.   

While the
PRC economy has grown significantly in the past 20 years, we believe the growth has been uneven, both geographically and among
various sectors of the economy. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the
allocation of resources. We believe some of these measures benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect
on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital
investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. 

The PRC economy
has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy. Although in recent years the PRC government has
implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive
assets and the establishment of sound corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of the productive assets
in the PRC is still owned by the PRC government. The PRC government also exercises significant control over PRC economic growth
through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and
providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 

Contract
drafting, interpretation and enforcement in the PRC involve significant uncertainty.   

We have entered
into numerous contracts governed by PRC law, many of which are material to our business. As compared with contracts in the United
States, contracts governed by PRC law tend to contain less detail and to not be as comprehensive in defining contracting parties 
rights and obligations. As a result, contracts in the PRC are more vulnerable to disputes and legal challenges. In addition, contract
interpretation and enforcement in the PRC is not as developed as in the United States, and the result of any contract dispute is
subject to significant uncertainties. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to disputes under our material
contracts, and if such disputes arise, we cannot assure you that we will prevail. 

The application
of PRC regulations relating to the overseas listing of PRC domestic companies is uncertain, and we may be subject to penalties
for failing to request approval of the PRC authorities prior to listing our shares in the U.S.    

On August 8, 2006,
six PRC government agencies, namely, the Ministry of Commerce ( MOFCOM ), the State Administration for Industry and
Commerce ( SAIC ), the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the State Administration of Foreign
Exchange ( SAFE ), the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission ( SASAC ), and the
State Administration for Taxation ( SAT ), jointly issued the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises
by Foreign Investors (the  New M A Rules  ), which became effective on September 8, 2006. The New M A Rules
purport, among other things, to require offshore  special purpose vehicles  that are (1) formed for the purpose of
overseas listing of the equity interests of PRC companies via acquisition and (2) are controlled directly or indirectly by PRC
companies and/or PRC individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of their securities on overseas
stock exchanges. On September 21, 2006, pursuant to the New M A Rules and other PRC Laws, the CSRC published on its official
website relevant guidance with respect to the listing and trading of PRC domestic enterprises  securities on overseas stock
exchanges (the  Related Clarifications ), including a list of application materials regarding the listing on overseas
stock exchanges by special purpose vehicles. We were and are not required to obtain the approval of CSRC under the New M A
Rules in connection with this transaction because we were and are not considered a special purpose vehicle formed or controlled
by PRC companies or PRC individuals. 

However, there
are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application and enforcement of these rules, and CSRC has yet to promulgate
any written provisions or formally to declare or state whether the overseas listing of a PRC-related company structured similar
to ours is subject to the approval of CSRC. Any violation of these rules could result in fines and other penalties on our operations
in the PRC, restrictions or limitations on remitting dividends outside of China, and other forms of sanctions that may cause a
material and adverse effect to our business, operations and financial conditions. 

The New M A
Rules also established additional procedures and requirements that are expected to make merger and acquisition activities by foreign
investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements in some instances that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in
advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise that owns well-known
trademarks or China s traditional brands. We may grow our business in part by acquiring other businesses. Complying with
the requirements of the New M A Rules in completing this type of transaction could be time-consuming, and any required approval
processes, including CSRC approval, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability
to expand our business or maintain our market share. 

We may face
regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to issue equity compensation to our directors and employees and other
parties who are PRC citizens or residents under PRC law. The grant of stock options under any incentive plan that we adopt in the
future would require registration with SAFE.   

On April 6, 2007,
SAFE issued the  Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the Employee Stock Ownership
Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company,  also known as  Circular 78 . It is not clear whether
Circular 78 covers all forms of equity compensation plans or only those that provide for the grant of stock options. For any equity
compensation plan which is so covered and is adopted by a non-PRC listed company after April 6, 2007, Circular 78 requires all
participants who are PRC citizens to register with, and obtain the approval of, SAFE prior to their participation in any such plan.
In addition, Circular 78 also requires PRC citizens to register with SAFE and make the necessary applications and filings if they
participate in an overseas listed company s covered equity compensation plan prior to April 6, 2007. As of the date of this
filing, we have not adopted any incentive plans, but may do so in the future. Any such plan may grant equity compensation, including,
but not limited to, stock options, to our PRC employees and/or directors. The grant of any equity compensation under such a plan
to a PRC citizen, however, may under Circular 78 require the PRC citizen to register with and obtain approval of SAFE. We believe
that the registration and approval requirements contemplated in Circular 78 will be burdensome and time consuming. If it is determined
that such a plan, or any equity compensation grant under such a plan, is subject to Circular 78, failure to comply with such provisions
of Circular 78 may subject us and any recipients thereof to fines and legal sanctions and prevent us from being able to grant equity
compensation to our PRC employees and/or directors. In that case, our ability to compensate our employees and directors through
equity compensation would be hindered and/or prevented. 

On February
15, 2012, SAFE promulgated the Notices on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating
in Stock Incentive Plans of Overseas Publicly-Listed Companies, or the Stock Option Rules, which replaced the Application Procedures
of Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Employee Stock Ownership Plans or Stock Option Plans
of Overseas Publicly-Listed Companies issued by SAFE on March 28, 2007. Under the Stock Option Rules and other relevant rules and
regulations, PRC residents who participate in stock incentive plan in an overseas publicly-listed company are required to register
with SAFE or its local branches and complete certain other procedures. Participants of a stock incentive plan who are PRC residents
must retain a qualified PRC agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas publicly listed company or another qualified
institution selected by such PRC subsidiary, to conduct the SAFE registration and other procedures with respect to the stock incentive
plan on behalf of its participants. Such participants must also retain an overseas entrusted institution to handle matters in connection
with their exercise of stock options, the purchase and sale of corresponding stocks or interests and fund transfers. In addition,
the PRC agent is required to amend the SAFE registration with respect to the stock incentive plan if there is any material change
to the stock incentive plan, the PRC agent or the overseas entrusted institution or other material changes. We and our PRC employees
who have been granted stock options may be subject to these regulations in the future. Failure of our PRC stock option holders
to complete their SAFE registrations may subject these PRC residents to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability
to contribute additional capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries  ability to distribute dividends to
us, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business. 

PRC
regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency
conversion may restrict or prevent us from using the proceeds of an offering of our stock, to make loans to our PRC subsidiaries
or to make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries, which may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and
our ability to fund and expand our business.    

We are an
offshore holding company conducting our operations in the PRC through our PRC subsidiaries. We may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries,
or we may make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries. 

Any loans
by us to our PRC subsidiaries, which are treated as foreign-invested enterprises under PRC law, are subject to PRC regulations
and foreign exchange loan registrations. For example, loans by us to our wholly owned PRC subsidiaries to finance their activities
cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with the local counterpart of SAFE. If we decide to finance our wholly owned
PRC subsidiaries by means of capital contributions, these capital contributions must be approved by the Ministry of Commerce or
its local counterpart. 

On
August 29, 2008, SAFE promulgated the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration
of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 142, regulating the
conversion by a foreign-invested enterprise of foreign currency registered capital into RMB by restricting how the converted RMB
may be used. SAFE Circular 142 provides that the RMB capital converted from the foreign currency registered capital of a foreign-invested
enterprise may only be used for purposes within the business scope approved by the applicable governmental authority and may not
be used for equity investments within the PRC. In addition, SAFE strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of the RMB capital
converted from the foreign currency registered capital of a foreign-invested company. The use of such RMB capital may not be altered
without SAFE approval, and such RMB capital may not in any case be used to repay RMB loans if the proceeds of such loans have not
been used. Violations of SAFE Circular 142 could result in severe monetary or other penalties. Furthermore, SAFE promulgated a
circular on November 19, 2010, known as Circular No. 59, which tightens the examination of the authenticity of settlement of net
proceeds from offerings of stock. 

In light
of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies,
including SAFE Circular 142, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain
the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans by us to our PRC subsidiaries or
with respect to future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiaries. If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain
such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we received from an offering of our stock and to capitalize or otherwise fund our
PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and
expand our business. 

Capital
outflow policies in the PRC may hamper our ability to remit income to the United States.   

The PRC has adopted
currency and capital transfer regulations. These regulations may require that we comply with complex regulations for the movement
of capital and as a result we may not be able to remit income earned and proceeds received in connection with our operations or
from the sale of our operating subsidiary to the U.S. or to our shareholders. 

Our operations
and assets in the PRC are subject to significant political and economic uncertainties.   

Government policies
are subject to rapid change and the government of the PRC may adopt policies which have the effect of hindering private economic
activity and greater economic decentralization. There is no assurance that the government of the PRC will not significantly alter
its policies from time to time without notice in a manner which reduces or eliminates any benefits from its present policies of
economic reform. In addition, a substantial portion of productive assets in the PRC remains government-owned. For instance, all
lands are state or rural collective economic organizations owned and leased to business entities or individuals through governmental
grants of the land use rights. The grant process is typically based on government policies at the time of the grant, which could
be lengthy and complex. This process may adversely affect our business. The government of the PRC also exercises significant control
over the PRC s economic growth through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency and providing
preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Uncertainties may arise as a result of changing governmental policies
and measures. In addition, changes in laws and regulations, or their interpretation, or the imposition of confiscatory taxation,
restrictions on currency conversion, imports and sources of supply, devaluations of currency, the nationalization or other expropriation
of private enterprises, as well as adverse changes in the political, economic or social conditions in the PRC, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our use
of the allocated land may be subject to challenges in the future  . 

All land use rights
that we own are land use rights relating to allocated land. The local governmental authorities have granted such land use rights
to us for free use or at a discounted levy rate given our contribution to the development of the local economy. However, pursuant
to the  Catalogue on Allocated Land  issued by the Ministry of Land Resources of the PRC (the  Catalogue ), the
land use rights for allocated land may only be granted to those specific projects which are in compliance with the Catalogue, subject
to the approval of the competent governmental authorities. We, as a privately owned agricultural producer, may not be qualified
to be granted such land use rights for allocated land according to the Catalogue. Consequently, our use of such land may be subject
to challenge in the future, and the legal consequences could include the confiscation of such land by the governmental authorities
or a demand that we pay a market price for purchasing the land use rights for such land and converting the allocated land use right
to a granted land use right. 

Because
PRC law governs almost all of our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our legal rights within the PRC or elsewhere,
which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities, or capital.   

PRC law governs
almost all of our material agreements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to enforce any of our material agreements or that
remedies will be available outside of the PRC. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in the PRC may not be as
certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. Our inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of
our current or future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. It will be
extremely difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets based in the PRC. 

All of our assets
are located in the PRC and all of our directors and officers other than our chief financial officer reside outside of the United
States. As a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process
upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties
of our directors and officers under federal securities laws. Moreover, we have been advised that the PRC does not have treaties
providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. Further, it is unclear
if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and the PRC would permit effective enforcement of criminal penalties
of the federal securities laws. 

Because
our cash and cash equivalents are held in banks which do not provide capital guarantee insurance, the failure of any bank in which
we deposit our funds could affect our ability to continue in business.   

Banks and other
financial institutions in the PRC do not provide insurance for funds held on deposit. A significant portion of our assets are in
the form of cash deposited with banks in the PRC, and in the event of bank failure, we may not have access to, or may lose entirely,
our funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of cash we maintain in a bank that fails, our inability to have access to such
cash deposits could impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access funds to pay our suppliers, employees and other creditors,
we may be unable to continue in business. 

We must
comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.   

We are required
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other
prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some
of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent
practices occur from time-to-time in mainland China. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential
treatment, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in
obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Although we inform our personnel that such practices are illegal,
we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible.
If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties. 

Labor laws
in the PRC may adversely affect our results of operations.   

On June 29, 2007,
the PRC government promulgated a new labor law, namely, the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, or the New Labor Contract Law, which
became effective on January 1, 2008. The New Labor Contract Law imposes greater liabilities on employers and significantly affects
the cost of an employer s decision to reduce its workforce. Further, it requires that certain terminations be based upon
seniority and not merit. In the event we decide to significantly change or decrease our workforce, the New Labor Contract Law could
adversely affect our ability to effect such changes in a manner that is most advantageous to our business or in a timely and cost-effective
manner, thus materially and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 

Dividends
we receive from General Preservation, General Fruit and/or Hanxin Agriculture may be subject to PRC withholding tax.   

The New EIT Law
provides that an income tax rate of 20% may be applicable to dividends payable to non-PRC investors that are  non-resident
enterprises  and that do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or which have such establishment or place
of business in the PRC but the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business, to the
extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. The income tax for non-resident enterprises shall be subject to
withholding at the income source, with the payer acting as the obligatory withholder under the New EIT Law, and therefore such
income taxes are generally called withholding tax in practice. The State Council of the PRC has reduced the withholding tax rate
from 20% to 10% through the Implementation Rules of the New EIT Law. It is currently unclear in what circumstances a source will
be considered as located within the PRC. We are an offshore holding company. Thus, if we are considered as a  non-resident
enterprise  under the New EIT Law and the dividends paid to us by our subsidiary in the PRC are considered income sourced
within the PRC, such dividends may be subject to a 10% withholding tax. 

The new tax law
provides only a framework of the enterprise tax provisions, leaving many details on the definitions of numerous terms as well as
the interpretation and specific applications of various provisions unclear and unspecified. Any increase in our combined company s
tax rate in the future could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions and results of operations. 

Under PRC laws,
General Preservation and General Fruit are obligated to withhold and pay individual income tax on behalf of our employees who are
subject to PRC individual income tax. If the PRC Subsidiary fails to withhold and/or pay such individual income tax in accordance
with PRC laws, it may be subject to certain sanctions and other penalties and may become subject to liability under PRC laws. 

In addition, the
State Administration of Taxation has issued several circulars concerning employee stock options. Under these circulars, our employees
working in the PRC (which could include both PRC employees and expatriate employees subject to PRC individual income tax) who exercise
stock options will be subject to PRC individual income tax. Our PRC subsidiaries have obligations to file documents related to
employee stock options with relevant tax authorities and withhold and pay individual income taxes for those employees who exercise
their stock options. While tax authorities may advise us that our policy is compliant, they may change their policy, and we could
be subject to sanctions. 

Your
ability to bring an action against us or against our directors and officer, or to enforce a judgment against us or them, will be
limited because we conduct all of our operations in the PRC and because all of our directors and the majority of our officers reside
outside of the United States.   

We are a
Delaware holding company and all of our assets are located outside of the United States. All of our current operations are conducted
in the PRC. In addition, all of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than the United States.
A substantial portion of the assets of these persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for
you to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S.
courts  judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors,
none of whom are residents in the United States and the substantial majority of whose assets are located outside of the United
States. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts.
Our counsel as to PRC law has advised us that the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the  PRC
Civil Procedures Law . Courts in the PRC may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of
the  PRC Civil Procedures Law  based on treaties between the PRC and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity
between jurisdictions. The PRC does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and
enforcement of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition, according to the  PRC Civil Procedures Law , courts
in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates
basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty, security or the public interest. Therefore, it is uncertain whether a PRC
court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock  

You
may find it difficult to sell our shares because there is no significant public market for our common stock and there is no assurance
a public market will develop.    

There has
been a limited public market for our common stock on the OTCBB. An active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not develop
or be sustained. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends upon the
presence in the marketplace and independent decisions of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock, over which we have no
control. Without an active, liquid trading market for our common stock, shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at the
volume, prices and times desired. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling our common stock. 

In addition,
if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in the SEC regulations, by law, various requirements would be imposed on broker-dealers
who sell our securities to persons other than established distributors and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations
may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which may further affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

Our
directors and officers control a majority of our common stock and their interests may not align with the interests of our other
shareholders.   

Our executive
officers and directors control our company and beneficially own a majority of our issued and outstanding common stock. This significant
concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because investors often perceive a
disadvantage in owning shares in a company with one or several controlling shareholders. Furthermore, our directors and officers,
as a group, have the ability to significantly influence or control the outcome of all matters requiring shareholder approval, including
the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidations or the sale of substantially
all of our assets. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company
which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and
might reduce the price of our common stock. In addition, without the consent of our directors and officers, we could be prevented
from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us and they may cause us to take actions that are opposed by other
shareholders as their interests may differ from those of other shareholders. 

We
are an emerging growth company and cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies
will make our common stock less attractive to investors.    

We are an
 emerging growth company  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the  JOBS Act ), and may take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not
emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common
stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result,
our stock price may be lower than it otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our
stock price may be more volatile. 

We will
remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of our fiscal year during which we have total annual gross
revenues of at least $1.0 billion; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of the completion of
our initial public offering; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a  large accelerated filer  under the Exchange
Act. 

The
Company may issue additional common stock or other equity securities in the future that could dilute the ownership interest of
existing shareholders.    

The Company
is currently authorized to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock of one class, of which 15,918,940 shares were issued
and outstanding as of December 19, 2016. The Company s board of directors may decide from time to time to issue additional
shares, or securities convertible into, exchangeable for or representing rights to acquire our common stock. The sale of these
securities may significantly dilute our shareholders  ownership interest as a shareholder and the market price of our common
stock. New investors in other equity securities issued by the Company in the future may also have rights, preferences and privileges
senior to our current shareholders that may adversely impact its current shareholders. 

The
price of the Company s common stock may fluctuate significantly, which could negatively affect the Company and holders of
its common stock.   

The market
price of the Company s common stock may fluctuate significantly from time to time as a result of many factors, including: 

investors  perceptions of the Company s and its prospects;   

investors  perceptions of the Company s and/or the industry s risk and return
characteristics relative to other investment alternatives;   

investors  perceptions of the prospects of the commodities markets;   

differences between actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and
analysts;   

our inability to commence production, obtain permits or otherwise fail to reach Company objectives;   

actual or anticipated fluctuations in quarterly financial and operating results;   

volatility in the equity securities market; and   

sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of the Company s common stock .   

We
do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future.   

We currently
expect to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and growth of our business and do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion
of our Board of Directors, subject to compliance with applicable law, our organizational documents and any contractual provisions,
including under agreements for indebtedness we may incur, that restrict or limit our ability to pay dividends, and will depend
upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and other factors that
our Board of Directors deems relevant. Accordingly, realization of a gain on your investment in our stock will depend on the appreciation
of the price of our common stock, which may never occur. 

You
may have difficulty re-selling their common stock as the liquidity of the market for our shares may be adversely affected by the
impact of the  Penny Stock  Rules.   

It may be
more difficult for holders to sell our common stock. A  penny stock  is generally defined by regulations of the SEC
as an equity security with a market price of less than $5.00 per share. However, an equity security with a market price under $5.00
will not be considered a penny stock if it fits within any of the following exceptions: 

i.  the equity security is listed on a national securities exchange;   

ii.  the issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for less than three years, and
either has (a) net tangible assets of at least $5,000,000, or (b) average annual revenue of at least $6,000,000; or   

iii.  the issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for more than three years, and
has net tangible assets of at least $2,000,000.   

Although
we believe our common stock is not a penny stock based upon the exception (ii) above, we cannot provide any assurance that in the
future our common stock will not be classified as penny stock. 

If an investor
buys or sells a penny stock, SEC regulations require that the investor receive, prior to the transaction, a disclosure explaining
the penny stock market and associated risks. Furthermore, trading in our common stock is currently subject to Rule 15g-9 of the
Exchange Act, which relates to non-exchange listed securities. Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend our securities to
persons other than established distributors and accredited investors must make a special written suitability determination for
the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. 

The low
price of our common stock has a negative effect on the amount and percentage of transaction costs paid by individual shareholders.
The low price of our common stock also limits our ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares. There are several
reasons for these effects. First, the internal policies of certain institutional investors prohibit the purchase of low-priced
stocks. Second, many brokerage houses do not permit low-priced stocks to be used as collateral for margin accounts or to be purchased
on margin. Third, some brokerage house policies and practices tend to discourage individual brokers from dealing in low-priced
stocks. Finally, broker s commissions on low-priced stocks usually represent a higher percentage of the stock price than
commissions on higher priced stocks. As a result, our shareholders may pay transaction costs that are a higher percentage of their
total share value than they would if our share price were substantially higher. 

As
an issuer of  penny stock  the protection provided by the federal securities laws relating to a forward-looking statement
does not apply to us and as a result we could be subject to legal action.   

Although
federal securities laws provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by a public company that files reports under
the federal securities laws, this safe harbor is not available to issuers of penny stocks. As a result, if we are a penny stock,
we will not have the benefit of this safe harbor protection in the event of any legal action based upon a claim that the material
provided by us contained a material misstatement of fact or was misleading in any material respect because of our failure to include
any statements necessary to make the statements not misleading. Such an action could hurt our financial condition. 

The issuance
of any of our equity securities pursuant any equity compensation plan we may adopt may dilute the value of existing shareholders
and may affect the market price of our stock.   

In the future,
we may issue to our officers, directors, employees and/or other persons equity based compensation under any equity compensation
plan we may adopt to provide motivation and compensation to our officers, employees and key independent consultants. The award
of any such incentives could result in an immediate and potentially substantial dilution to our existing shareholders and could
result in a decline in the value of our stock price. The exercise of these options and the sale of the underlying common stock
and the sale of shares issued pursuant to grants may have an adverse effect upon the price of our common stock. 

Our common
stock may be thinly traded, so you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all.   

We cannot predict
the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. Our common stock is currently traded
on the OTCBB where the shares have historically been thinly traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing
our common stock at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. 

This situation
may be attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock
analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community who generate or influence sales volume,
and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven
company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we have become more seasoned and viable.
As a consequence, there may be periods of several days, weeks or months when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent,
as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous
sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot assure you that a broader or more active public trading market for our
common stock will develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained or not diminish. 

We may become
involved in securities class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm our business.    

The capital markets
in general, and the shares of early stage companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These
fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the companies involved. If these fluctuations
occur in the future, the market price of our shares could fall regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following
periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often
been brought against that company. If the market price or volume of our shares suffers extreme fluctuations, then we may become
involved in this type of litigation, which would be expensive and divert management s attention and resources from managing
our business. 

As a public company,
we may also from time to time make forward-looking statements about future operating results and provide some financial guidance
to the public markets. The management has limited experience as a management team in a public company and as a result projections
may not be made timely or set at expected performance levels and could materially affect the price of our shares. Any failure to
meet published forward-looking statements that adversely affect the stock price could result in losses to investors, shareholder
lawsuits or other litigation, sanctions or restrictions issued by the SEC. 

Securities
analysts may elect not to report on our common stock or may issue negative reports that adversely affect the stock price.    

At this time,
no securities analysts provide research coverage of our common stock, and securities analysts may not elect not to provide such
coverage in the future. It may remain difficult for our company, with its small market capitalization, to attract independent financial
analysts that will cover our common stock. If securities analysts do not cover our common stock, the lack of research coverage
may adversely affect the stock s actual and potential market price. The trading market for our common stock may be affected
in part by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about our business. If one or more analysts elect
to cover our company and then downgrade the stock, the stock price would likely decline rapidly. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market, which, in turn, could cause our stock price to decline.
This could have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. 

If
we become directly subject to the recent scrutiny involving PRC companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate
and defend the matter, which could harm our business operations, stock price and reputation.    

Recently,
many U.S. public companies that have substantially all of their operations in the PRC have been the subject of intense scrutiny
by investors, financial commentators and regulatory agencies. Much of the scrutiny has centered around financial and accounting
irregularities and mistakes, a lack of effective internal controls over financial reporting and, in many cases, allegations of
fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, the publicly traded stock of many U.S. listed China-based companies that have been the subject
of such scrutiny has sharply decreased in value. Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and/or Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) enforcement actions and are conducting internal and/or external investigations
into the allegations. If we become the subject of any such scrutiny, whether any allegations are true or not, we may have to expend
significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend our company. Such investigations or allegations will be costly
and time-consuming and distract our management from our business plan and could result in our reputation being harmed and our stock
price could decline as a result of such allegations, regardless of the truthfulness of the allegations.  

Risks Relating
to U.S. Taxes   

We
might incur income tax liabilities even if we receive no distributions   

We are a
holding company that holds, directly or indirectly, 100% of the stock of non-U.S. corporations. Such non-U.S. corporations will
be considered to be controlled foreign corporations ( CFCs ). A portion of the CFCs  income, whether or not distributed,
could be treated as imputed income to us. Because we do not anticipate receiving distributions from the CFCs, we will have to rely
on other sources of cash to satisfy potential income tax liabilities that could arise from any imputed income. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY  

There is
no private ownership of land in China. Land is usually owned by the state and the government grants land use rights for specified
terms. General Preservation has obtained the following Land Use Right Certificates and Property Right Certificates which show our
entitlement to the land and buildings used by the Company. In addition, General Fruit has entered into certain orchard and office
leases. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are not
currently a party to any material legal or administrative proceedings and are not aware of any pending legal or administrative
proceedings against us. We may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary
course of our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

PART II.  

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

Market Information  

Our Common
Stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol  GELT . 

The following
table represents the high and low per share bid information for our common stock for each quarterly period in fiscal 2016 and 2015.
Such high and low bid information reflects inter-dealer quotes, without retail markup, markdown or commissions and may not represent
actual transactions. 

Year Ended
September 30, 2016  

Year Ended
September 30, 2015  

Holders of Common Stock  

As of December
19, 2016, there were approximately 630 record holders of Common Stock. Since our inception, we have not paid any dividends on our
Common Stock, and we do not anticipate that we will pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Dividend Policy  

We currently
intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. 

Future cash
dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our future operations and earnings,
capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors as our Board of Directors
may deem relevant. Dividends or other distributions will only be paid or made if we are able to pay our debts as they fall due
in the ordinary course of business. 

In addition,
under PRC Company Law and relevant rules and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their retained earnings/net
profit, if any, calculated according to PRC accounting standards, and only after accumulated losses from preceding years have been
fully covered and the following appropriations have been made: 

(a) appropriations to the statutory
surplus reserve equivalent to 10% of its net profits less any accumulated losses, as determined under PRC GAAP; no further appropriations
to the statutory surplus reserve are required once this reserve reaches an amount equal to 50% of its respective registered capital; 

(b) appropriations
to a discretionary surplus reserve as approved by the shareholders in shareholders' meeting. 

Securities Authorized for
Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans  

As of September
30, 2016, we did not have any equity compensation plans in effect, although our board of directors may approve from time to time
the issuance of equity compensation to our employees as additional compensation outside of an equity compensation plan. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities  

During the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the Company made no sales of unregistered shares. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA  

Not applicable. 

ITEM
7.      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS.   

The following
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes
thereto, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, included elsewhere herein. 

This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward-looking statements. See  Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and  Risk Factors  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and
assumptions associated with these statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. 

Our financial
statements are prepared in U.S. Dollars and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. See
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   Foreign currency translation  below for information concerning
the exchanges rates at which Renminbi and Hong Kong Dollar were translated into U.S. Dollars at various pertinent dates and for
pertinent periods. 

COMPANY OVERVIEW  

General Agriculture
Corporation ( GELT ), formerly Geltology Inc., was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 24,
2010. On July 12, 2013, GELT filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to change its
name to General Agriculture Corporation. GELT, through its direct operating subsidiaries General Fruit and General Preservation,
is primarily engaged in planting, preserving, packaging and marketing premium navel oranges for distribution and sale throughout
the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). 

On July 11, 2012,
GELT completed a reverse acquisition of General Red Holding, Inc. ( GRH ), which was established under the laws of
the State of Delaware on January 18, 2011, entered into a share exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with
GRH and acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of GRH. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, GELT issued to GRH an aggregate
of 125,112,803 shares of the common stock of GELT, at par value of $0.0001 per share ( Common Stock ) (such transaction
is hereinafter referred to as the  Share Exchange ). 

Immediately prior
to the Share Exchange, GELT had 6,750,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Simultaneously with the transaction, the
two principal shareholders of GELT surrendered for cancellation an aggregate of 4,513,252 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by them. The transaction was regarded as a reverse merger whereby GRH was considered to be the accounting acquirer. GELT was delivered
with zero assets and zero liabilities at time of closing. Although the Company is the legal parent company, the share exchange
was treated as a recapitalization of GRH. Thus, GRH is the continuing entity for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements
have been prepared as if GRH had always been the reporting company and then on the share exchange date, had reorganized its capital
stock. 

Upon completion
of the Share Exchange, the shareholders of GELT owned approximately 98.24% of the fully diluted outstanding shares of the Company.
Accordingly, GRH became the wholly owned subsidiary of GELT. 

On September 30,
2011, GRH entered into a Share Transfer and Issuance Agreement with Han Glory International Investment Limited ( Han Glory
International ), a company incorporated on April 28, 2011 under the laws of British Virgin Islands and Hua Mei Investments
Limited ( Hua Mei ), a company incorporated on April 26, 2011 under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Under the
agreement, GRH issued 74,814,862 shares to Hua Mei, the sole stockholder of Han Glory International, in exchange for all shares
and beneficial interest of Han Glory International. This transaction is treated as a reverse merger, and therefore, after the share
exchange, Han Glory International became the wholly owned subsidiary of GRH. 

On May 18, 2011,
Han Glory International purchased all shares of Greater China International Investment Limited ( Greater China International ),
a company incorporated on December 4, 2009 under the laws of Hong Kong, from Zhihao Zhang, the sole stockholder of Greater China
International, for $1,290 (HK$10,000). As a result, Greater China International became the wholly owned subsidiary of Han Glory
International. 

On January 13,
2010, Greater China International formed Nanchang Hanxin Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd ( WFOE ) in the city of Nanchang,
Jiangxi Province, the PRC. On February 5, 2010, WFOE purchased all shares of Xingguo General Fruit Industry Development Co., Ltd
( General Fruit ) from Jiangjun Hong Group Co., Ltd., Xingping Hou and Jiefeng Ren for $293,400. As a result, WFOE
acquired 100% interest in General Fruit. This transaction was a capital transaction in substance. That is, the transaction was
a reverse recapitalization, equivalent to the issuance of stock by General Fruit for the net monetary assets of WFOE accompanied
by a recapitalization. 

General Fruit
was formed in Xingguo County, Jiangxi Province, under the corporate laws of the PRC on March 5, 2003. The primary business of General
Fruit is to grow and sell navel oranges. On July 14, 2008, after a series of equity transfer agreements, General Fruit acquired
90% interest in Xingguo General Red Navel Orange Preservation Company, Ltd. ( General Preservation ). On July 25, 2010,
General Fruit purchased the remaining 10% interest in General Preservation from Xingping Hou, the minority stockholder, for $295,000
(RMB 2,000,000) and owns 100% of General Preservation thereafter. 

General Preservation,
a citrus fruits company primarily engaged in preserving, packaging and marketing premium navel oranges, was formed as a limited
liability company in Xingguo County, Jiangxi Province under PRC laws on November 22, 2005. General Preservation provides wholesale,
retail, and institutional customers in China and several other countries with premium navel orange fruits under the trademark of
 General Red . 

On September 26,
2011, GRH purchased all shares of Sheng Da Holding Limited ( Sheng Da BVI ), a company incorporated on May 18, 2011
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, from General Red Company, Ltd ( General Red BVI ), a limited liability
company incorporated on August 28, 2008 under the laws of British Virgin Islands, for $23,000. As a result, Sheng Da BVI became
the wholly owned subsidiary of GRH. On September 29, 2011, Sheng Da BVI entered into a series of new agreements to terminate the
old agreements with General Preservation, which were originally signed between General Red BVI and General Preservation on November
17, 2008, amended on June 10, 2011, and transferred to Sheng Da BVI by General Red BVI on June 30, 2011. The old agreements included
a Consultation Agreement, an Operating Agreement, a Share Pledge Agreement, a Proxy Agreement and an Option Agreement. Upon the
entry of these new agreements, General Preservation is no longer the Variable Interest Entity of Sheng Da BVI. 

On June 28, 2013,
at the Annual Meeting of stockholders, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Certificate
of Incorporation. On June 28, 2013, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment
to the Certificate of Incorporation (the  Charter Amendment ). Pursuant to the Charter Amendment, the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation was amended, effective as of July 12, 2013, to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s
shares of common stock. On July 12, 2013, the Company effected the 1 for 8 reverse split of the Company s issued and outstanding
common stock, decreasing the number of outstanding shares from 127,349,551 to 15,918,940. These statements in this Report have
been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse split. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING
POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

Our consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We continually
evaluate our estimates, including those related to bad debts, inventories, recovery of long-lived assets, income taxes, and the
valuation of equity transactions. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates and assumptions
could cause a material change to our reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our
more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements. While our significant accounting
policies are fully described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating
this management s discussion and analysis. 

Seasonal nature
of operations  

The Company s
operations are seasonal based on the maturity stage of its products. Sales are concentrated during the months from November through
March, corresponding to the Company s product maturity cycle which begins in the month of October when the products mature
and are ready for sale. 

Inventory  

Inventory is stated
at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the weighted-average cost method. Provisions are made for excess, slow
moving and obsolete inventory as well as inventory whose carrying value is in excess of net realizable values, if any. Management
continually evaluates the recoverability based on assumptions about customer demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions
are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory reserves or write-downs may be required that could
negatively impact our gross margin and operating results. 

Revenue recognition  

The Company recognizes
revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the purchase price
is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenues from the sale of navel oranges
upon shipment and transfer of title. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets  

Long-lived assets,
including property, plant and equipment, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison
of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the
carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. 

Intangible
Assets  

Intangible assets
are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit. Evaluation of the recoverability of intangible
assets is made to take into account events or circumstances that warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate that
impairment exists. All of our intangible assets are subject to amortization. No impairments of intangible assets have been identified
during any of the periods presented. Land use rights with a finite useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful life of 50 years. 

Foreign Currency
Translation and Transactions  

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars ( $ ). Greater China International s functional
currency is the Hong Kong Dollar ( HKD ) and Nanchang Hanxin Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd, General Fruit and General
Preservation s functional currency is the Chinese Yuan Renminbi ( RMB ). All assets and liabilities were translated
at the current exchange rate, at respective balance sheet dates, stockholders  equity is translated at the historical rates
and income statement items are translated at the average exchange rate for the reporting periods. The resulting translation adjustments
are reported as other comprehensive income (loss) and accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders  equity in accordance
with the Codification ASC 220, Comprehensive Income. 

Cash flows from
the Company s operations included in the statement of cash flows are calculated based upon the functional currency using
the average translation rate. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will
not necessarily agree with arithmetical changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets. No presentation
is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into $ at the rates used in translation. 

Transaction gains
and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
are included in the results of operations as incurred. There were no material transaction gains or losses in the periods presented. 

The exchange rates
used to translate amounts in RMB into USD for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements were as follows: 

Results of
Operations for the Year Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues  

For the year ended
September 30, 2016, we had net revenues of $27,417,779, as compared to those of $22,463,365 for the year ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $4,954,414 or 22.1%. The increase in net revenue is mainly because the quantity of navel oranges sold in the year
ended September 30, 2016 increased 5,876,970, or 20.4% compared to the quantity of navel oranges sold in the year ended September
30, 2015, and the unit price increased 0.01 or 1.3% to $0.79 per KG during the year ended September 30, 2016 from $0.78 per KG
during the year ended September 30, 2015. 

Cost of sales  

Cost of sales
increased by $2,133,748, or 21.3%, from $10,013,073 for the year ended September 30, 2015 to $12,146,821 for the year ended September
30, 2016. The increase is attributable to the increase in volume of sales and an increase in the unit price of outsourced navel
oranges during the year ended September 30, 2016 compared last year. 

Gross profit  

Our
gross profit was $15,270,958 for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $12,450,292 for the year ended September 30,
2015, representing a gross margin of 55.7% and 55.4%, respectively. The increase of 0.3% in our gross profit margin for the year
ended September 30, 2016 was mainly attributable to   (1) the increase in unit sales price;
2) the decrease in the average cost of navel oranges we produce resulting from production of more oranges this harvest with the
same overhead costs.  

Selling expenses  

Selling expenses were $291,661 and $140,829
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a increase of $150,832 or 107.1%, mainly due to an increase of expenses
in marketing activities since the Company want to expand the market and establish good relationship with distributors. 

General and
administrative expenses  

General and administrative
expenses amounted to $734,190 for the year ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $1,146,228 for the same period in 2015, a decrease
of $412,038 or 36.0%. General and administrative expenses consisted of the following: 

Professional service
fees decreased by $336,912 due to lower costs in connection with the Company s proposed public offering incurred during the
year ended September 30, 2015. 

Income from
operations  

For the year ended
September 30, 2016, income from operations was $14,245,107, as compared to $11,163,235 for the year ended September 30, 2015, an
increase of $3,211,416 or 29.2%, mainly due to the reasons discussed above. 

Other income
(expenses)  

For the years
ended September 30, 2016, other expenses amounted to $33,067 as compared to other expenses of $162,612 for the same period in 2015.
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, other expenses mainly included: (i) interest expense, which decreased by $172,606
or 72.0%. The decrease in interest expense was mainly because the Company did not have any short-term bank loans during year ended
September 30, 2016. 

Income tax
expense  

For the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, income tax amounted to $0. GELT and GRH (collectively referred to as the  US entities )
are each subject to US tax and file US federal income tax returns. No provision for US federal income taxes were made for the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as the US entities incurred losses. Han Glory International is not subject to tax on income or
capital gains under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Greater China International did not earn any income that was derived
in Hong Kong for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and therefore was not subject to Hong Kong Profit tax. Under the
Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC, the corporate income tax rate is 25%. However, as an agricultural company engaged in cultivation,
General Fruit has been approved for a tax exemption since its formation. General Preservation was also approved for such exemption
from income tax for the years 2016 and 2015. As a result, for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there was no income
tax provision for the Company. 

Net income  

As a result of
the factors described above, our net income for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $14,212,040 and $11,000,623, respectively. 

Foreign currency
translation loss  

The functional
currency of our subsidiaries operating in the PRC is the Chinese Yuan or Renminbi ( RMB ). The financial statements
of our subsidiaries are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates
of exchange (for the period) for revenues, costs, and expenses. Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions
are included in the consolidated statements of income. As a result of these translations, which are a non-cash adjustment, we reported
foreign currency translation losses of $2,837,258 and $1,872,132 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
These non-cash losses had the effect of decreasing our reported comprehensive income. 

Comprehensive
income  

For the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, comprehensive income of $11,374,782 and $9,128,491 were derived from the sum of our net income
of $14,212,040 and $11,000,623 plus foreign currency translation losses of $2,837,258 and $1,872,132, respectively. 

LIQUIDITY AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES  

We have historically
funded our operations primarily through paid-in capital, sales of goods, loans from our stockholders and short term loans from
financial institutions in the PRC. The Company expects to generate cash flows through operations, which it believes will be sufficient
to sustain current level operations for at least the next twelve months. 

As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $621,402 and $464,046, respectively. 

The following
summarizes the key components of the Company s cash flows as follows: 

In summary, our
cash flows were: 

Net cash provided
by operating activities decreased in the year ended September 30, 2016 by $3,377,495 from net cash provided by operating activities
of $3,196,495 for the year ended September 30, 2015. These changes were mainly brought about by the following factors: an increase
in net income of $3,211,417, a decrease in advance payments of $1,878,700, which were offset by an increase in prepaid leases of
$12,937,078. Significant change in prepaid lease is related to additional lease contracts entered into with five individual owners
for an aggregate lease amount of approximately RMB 141.8 million ($21.3 million) during August and September 2016 and these lease
amounts were prepaid in full as of September 30, 2016. 

Net cash used
in investing activity decreased by $11,191, from $22,475 to $11,284 in the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period
ended in 2015, which is mainly due to less cash expenditures on property and equipment. 

Net cash provided
by financing activities increased by $6,342,237 to $374,119 in the year ended September 30, 2016 from $5,968,118 used in financing
activities at the same period ended in 2015. This was primarily due to repayment of $1,426,518 of loans from related parties and
$4,541,600 of short-term bank loans. 

Working capital
decreased by $1,252,190 to $13,551,164 as of September 30, 2016 from working capital of $14,803,354 as of September 30, 2015. In
order to stay cost competitive in the long-run, As of September 30, 2016, the Company leased a total of 1,077,098 matured navel
orange trees with a total lease amount of RMB 419,255,900 (approximately $66,564,645). All these lease amounts have been prepaid
by the Company using cash generated from operations over the years. 

As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company owed Hua Mei Investments Limited ( Hua Mei ), a related party (controlled by Mr. Hou
Xingping, CEO of the Company), $524,686 and $154,571, respectively. These debts are non-interest bearing and payable on demand.
The proceeds of these debts were utilized as working capital to primarily pay for offshore service expenses. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements  

We have no obligations,
assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would
have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or
entered into any non-financial assets. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

Consolidated
audited financial statements and notes of General Agriculture Corporation and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are 
thereto attached as Annex at the end of this Form 10-K Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES  

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

The term
 disclosure controls and procedures  is defined in Rule 13a-14(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ). This term refers to the controls and procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the required time periods and are accumulated and communicated to the company s management as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, and have concluded that as of that date,
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to following material weakness: 

The Company
does not have U.S. GAAP full-time qualified personnel in the accounting department to monitor the recording of the daily transactions.  

In order
to address the above material weakness, our management plans to take the following steps: 

Holding
regular seminars and training sessions to help employees stay current on recent developments of U.S. GAAP, new SEC rules and regulations,
and accounting updates   .   

Strengthen
the degree of involvement of the CFO on review of daily accounting transactions   .   

The Company
believes the foregoing measures will remediate the identified material weakness in future periods. The Company is committed to
monitoring the effectiveness of these measures and making any changes that are necessary and appropriate. 

Management s Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that
receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Any system
of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented
or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected in a timely manner. Also, because of changes
in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in the  2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework.  Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2016 due to the material weakness described
above. As a result of the material weakness described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by COSO (2013 framework). However, management does not believe that any of our annual or interim financial statements
issued to date contain a material misstatement as a result of the aforementioned weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

There have
been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2016. 

Attestation Report of the
Registered Public Accounting Firm  

This Report
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. As a smaller reporting company, management s report is not subject to attestation by our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

PART III.  

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

Set forth
below is information regarding our current directors, executive officers and director nominee. 

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Position   
 
     Xingping Hou 
       
     56 
       
     Director, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  
 
     Yanhong (Amy) Xue 
       
     44 
       
     Chief Financial Officer  
 
     Shaokang Zeng 
       
     38 
       
     Director, Secretary and Treasurer  
 
     Liwei Jia 
       
     38 
       
     Independent Director  
 
     Wei Lu 
       
     41 
       
     Independent Director  
 
     Hongcai Li 
       
     43 
       
     Independent Director  

Xingping
Hou, 56  has been the Company s Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President since July 2012. Mr. Hou
has served as the Executive Director, Manager of General Fruit since March 2003 and as the Executive Director, Manager of General
Preservation since July 2003. Mr. Hou has also served as the Chairman of the Board for each of General Red Industry Group Co.,
Ltd. and Shaanxi General Red Agricultural Development Co., Ltd. since May 2010 and October 2010, respectively. He has also served
as the Chairman of the Board and President of General Red International, Inc. since November 2007. Since May 2011, Mr. Hou has
served as the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of General Red Holding, Inc. Mr. Hou has also served as a director
of Hua Mei Investments Limited and Han Glory International Limited since April 2011. Mr. Hou graduated from the PLA Nanchang Army
Institute. Mr. Hou brings historical and operational expertise and experience to the Board. Mr. Hou also brings many years of food
industry experience to the Board. Mr. Hou devotes as much time as necessary to the business of the Company and currently holds
no other directorships in any other reporting company. 

Amy Xue,
44 , is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. She has extensive experience in U.S. GAAP financial reporting and public
accounting, and she has performed audit and accounting services for a number of listed companies in a variety of industries. From
October 2010 to June 2013, she was the partner of Wall Street CPA Services, LLC, an accounting firm in New York City that provided
financial advisory and accounting services to listed and unlisted companies. From September 2007 to October 2010, Ms. Xue was a
senior manager of Acquavella, Chiarelli, Shuster, Berkower   Co., LLP, a public accounting firm in New Jersey with an office
in New York that provided audit services to listed and unlisted companies. Ms. Xue holds a M.S. in Accounting from Binghamton University
and a B.S. in Law from Peking University in Beijing, China. She is a U.S. Certified Public Accountant in New York and a member
of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). 

Shaokang
Zeng, 38 , is the Company s Director, Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Zeng has served as the Finance Department Manager of
General Fruit since December 2006. Mr. Zeng graduated from the People s University of China where he studied accounting and
received an MBA from Beijing University of Chemical Technology, College of Business Administration. Mr. Zeng brings financial and
strategic experience to the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Zeng devotes as much time as necessary to the business of the
Company and currently holds no other directorships in any other reporting company. 

Liwei
Jia, 38  is the independent director. He graduated with a Bachelor s Degree in Economics from Beijing Industry and Commerce
University in June 2001. Mr. Jia is a Chinese Certified Public Accountant and an International Certified Internal Auditor. From
July 2001 to December 2003, Mr. Jia was the project manager at Zhongrui Hengxin Accounting Firm. From January 2004 to December
2011, Mr. Jia was the Senior Audit Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and participated in the financial audit and
internal control audits of a number of large Chinese public companies. From November 2011 to April 2012, Mr. Jia was the Executive
Director of Funds and Assets Management of Beijing Shangyin Zhisheng Investments and Funds Management Co., Ltd. From December 2012
to the present, Mr. Jia is the managing director of Zhongfu Runde Investments Co., Ltd. 

Wei Lu,
41,  is the independent director. He graduated with a Master of Business Administration from University of Southern California,
Marshall Business School in May 2003. From September 2003 to April 2007, Mr. Lu was the director of Fidelity Capital Investment
Partners, providing advisory services for Chinese companies  oversea listings. From May 2007 to December 2009, Mr. Lu was
the managing director of World Capital Market Inc, providing consulting service for Chinese companies  mergers   acquisitions.
From January 2010 to May 2011, Mr. Lu was the Chief Financial Officer of Chongqing Maotian Group, assisting with the external financial
audit, road shows and reorganization. From May 2011 to the present, Mr. Lu is a partner of Newmargin Capital, providing services
for private equity and corporate finance. 

Hongcai
Li, 43,  is the independent director. He earned a Bachelor s degree in Economics from Chongqing Institute of Industrial
Management. Mr. Li is a certified intermediate level accountant. From July 1998 to March 2001, Mr. Li served as the accounting
manager of Chognqing Chaohua Technology Co., Ltd. From April 2001 to November 2006, Mr. Li served as the Department Manager of
Guomei Electronics Co Ltd. From December 2006 to March 2011, Mr. Li was the Vice President of Accounting of Tianyin Pharmaceutical
Co, Inc., a NYSE MKT listed company and handled the preparation of financial statements and accounting reporting. From April 2011
to the present, Mr. Li served as the chief financial officer of Sichuan Qiangjiang Stone Company and Sichuan Huide Financing and
Guaranty Company. 

Independent Directors  

Liwei Jia,
Wei Lu and Hongcai Li are independent directors pursuant to the required standards set forth in Rule 10A-3(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, based on an evaluation of the relationships between the Company and each of them. 

Liwei Jia,
Wei Lu and Hongcai Li served on the Company s Audit Committee. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit
Committee is independent pursuant to the required standards set forth in Rule 10A-3(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, based on an evaluation of the relationships between the Company and each of the members. Mr. Jia will serve as Chairman
of the Audit Committee. Each of Mssrs. Jia and Li were designated by the Board as an  audit committee financial expert 
as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based on the Board s evaluation
of his knowledge of accounting, qualifications and experience and has appropriate experience or background which results in his
financial sophistication in accordance with the additional audit committee requirements of Rule 5605(c)(2)(A) of the NASDAQ Listing
Rules. 

Wei Lu and
Hongcai Li serve on each of the Company s Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee. Mr. Li will serve
as Chairman of the Compensation Committee and Mr. Lu will serve as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee.    

Family Relationships  

There are
no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal
Proceedings  

There have
been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the
evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director, executive officer, promoter or control person of our Company during the
past ten years. 

Code of Ethics  

We adopted
a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on August 5, 2012. The Code of Ethics, in accordance with Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and Item 406 of Regulation S-K, constitutes our Code of Ethics for our principal executive officer, our principal financial
and accounting officer and our other senior financial officers. The Code of Ethics is intended to promote honest and ethical conduct,
full and accurate reporting, and compliance with laws as well as other matters. A printed copy of the Code of Ethics may be obtained
free of charge by writing to the Corporate Secretary at General Agriculture Corp, Room 620, Towel B, nanxincang Business Plaza,
No.22 Dongsishitiao Jia, Dongcheng District, Beijing, China, 100007. 

Committees of the Board of
Directors  

Our board
of directors has an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and governance committee. Each of the committees
of the board of directors has the composition and responsibilities described below. 

Audit Committee  

Liwei Jia,
Hongcai Li and Wei Lu are members of our audit committee. Liwei Jia is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. Each of Liwei Jia and
Wei Lu were designated by the Board as an  audit committee financial expert  as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based on the Board s evaluation of his knowledge of accounting, qualifications
and experience and has appropriate experience or background which results in his financial sophistication in accordance with the
additional audit committee requirements of Rule 5605(c)(2)(A) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

Our Audit
Committee is responsible, in accordance with the Audit Committee charter, recommending our independent auditors, and overseeing
our audit activities and certain financial matters to protect against improper and unsound practices and to furnish adequate protection
to all assets and records. 

Our Audit
Committee pre-approves all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. These services may include audit
services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any
pre-approval is detailed as to particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit
Committee has delegated pre-approval authority to its Chairman when expedition of services is necessary. The independent auditors
and management are required to periodically report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the
independent auditor in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. 

Compensation Committee  

Hongcai
Li and Wei Lu are members of our Compensation Committee and Hongcai Li is the chairman of the Compensation Committee. All members
of our Compensation Committee are independent under the current definition promulgated by NYSE Amex and NASDAQ. In accordance with
the Compensation Committee s Charter, the Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing and, and as appropriate, making
recommendations to the Board regarding the annual salaries and other compensation of our executive officers and general employees
and other polices, providing assistance and recommendations with respect to our compensation policies and practices. 

Nominating and Governance
Committee  

Liwei Jia
and Wei Lu are currently the members of our Nominating and Governance Committee and Wei Lu is the chairman of Nominating and Governance
Committee. All members of our Nominating and Governance Committee will be qualified as independent under the current definition
promulgated by NYSE Amex and NASDAQ. In accordance with the Nominating and Governance Committee s Charter, our Nominating
and Governance Committee is responsible to identify and nominate members for election to the board of directors; develop and recommend
to the board of directors a set of corporate governance principles applicable to our company; and oversee the evaluation of the
board of directors and management. 

Security Holder Recommendations
for Board Nominees  

There have
been no changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance  

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with
the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. Based
solely on our review of the copies of these reports and on information provided by the reporting persons, we believe that during
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, all filing requirements for reporting persons were met. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

The following
tables set forth certain summary information concerning all plan and non-plan compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the
named executive officers and directors by any person for all services rendered in all capacities to the Company in the past two
fiscal years: 

(1)  The salary set forth was earned for service as director of the Company but declined by the director. No compensation was earned
by Xingping Hou and Shaokang Zeng for service as an executive officer of the Company.   

Employment Agreements  

On January
31, 2013, the Company entered into agreements with Xingping Hou and Shaokang Zeng, and Yongjun Zeng, in connection with their service
as directors of the Company. Pursuant to the agreements, Xingping Hou will be entitled to receive annual compensation of $20,000,
Shaokang Zeng will be entitled to receive annual compensation of $15,000, and Yongjun Zeng will be entitled to receive annual compensation
of $10,000 for their services. The Company will reimburse each director for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with his
performance of duties as a director of the Company, including travel expenses. The Company also agrees to include each director
as an insured under its directors and officers insurance policy and indemnify him for any expenses incurred in connection with
his performance of duties as a director of the Company. The employment agreement with Yongjun Zeng was terminated on September
5, 2013 when Yongjun Zeng resigned from the position of board director. 

On July
1, 2013, Yanhong Xue (also known as  Amy Xue , hereinafter referred to as  Amy Xue ) was appointed the
Chief Financial Officer by the board of directors of the Company and entered into an employment agreement dated July 1, 2013 with
Amy Xue (the  Employment Agreement ). 

Under the
Employment Agreement, Amy Xue is employed by the Company for a term of 36 months commencing on July 1, 2013. The Company may terminate
the Employment Agreement upon an aggregate thirty (30) business days' prior written notice and opportunity to cure. Amy Xue may
terminate this Agreement immediately if (a) Company fails to make when due any payments to her under the Employment Agreement;
(b) if she determines, in her sole discretion, that Company has failed to provide complete and accurate information necessary for
her to perform the services required by the Employment Agreement, or that Company is acting or has acted in a manner that damages
or could potentially damage her reputation in the business community, or (c) if Company (i) becomes insolvent; (ii) fails to pay
its debts or perform its obligations in the ordinary course of business as they mature; (iii) is declared insolvent or admits in
writing its insolvency or inability to pay its debts or perform its obligations as they mature; (iv) becomes the subject of any
voluntary or involuntary proceeding in bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, receivership, attachment or composition or general
assignment for the benefit of creditors, provided that, in the case of an involuntary proceeding, the proceeding is not dismissed
with prejudice within sixty (60) days after the institution thereof; or (v) if Company becomes the subject of a Federal, State,
SEC or NASD investigation into its business practices, accounting or officers and directors. 

The thirty-six
(36) month term of the Employment Agreement shall be deemed automatically renewed unless the Company gives notice to Amy Xue of
an intention to terminate at the expiration of the original term. The notice must be in writing, received by Amy Xue at least thirty
(30) days prior to the end of the term, and specifically address the automatic renewal provision of the Employment Agreement. 

The Company
agrees to pay Amy Xue a monthly salary of RMB 33,580 for the first year and a monthly salary increased by 10% for the second year
and thereafter. In the event that Amy Xue, in her capacity as CFO, introduces any funding source to Company and Company successfully
obtains funding from such source, Company shall pay Amy Xue a bonus equal to 5% of the total amount of funding obtained from such
source at the closing date(s) of such funding transaction(s). Any compensation payment over-due fifteen (15) days will accrue interests
at 1.5% compounded (one and a half percent) every thirty days. 

Director Compensation  

Xingping
Hou is entitled to receive annual compensation of $20,000 and Shaokang Zeng is entitled to receive annual compensation of $15,000
for their service as directors. 

Liwei Jia,
Hongcai Li and Wei Lu receive $1,297 (8,000 RMB Yuan) per month as set forth in the Company s Compensation Committee Charter 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

The following
table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of December 19, 2016 (after giving effect
to the Share Exchange and the related issuances) by (i) each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known by us to own
more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, (ii) each director, executive officer and director nominee,
and (iii) all of our directors, executive officers and director nominees as a group. As of December 19, 2016, we had 15,918,940
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
Unless otherwise noted, the principal address of each of the stockholders, directors and officers listed below is  Room 801,
Plaza B, Yonghe Building, No.28 AnDingMen East Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing, China  

(1) 
      Pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, a person
has beneficial ownership of any securities as to which such person, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement,
undertaking, relationship or otherwise has or shares voting power and/or investment power or as to which such person has the right
to acquire such voting and/or or investment power within 60 days. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power
to vote and dispose of the shares.  

(2) 
      Based on 15,918,940 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 19, 2016. 

(3) 
      Xingping Hou is the sole director of Hua Mei Investments Limited, and Zhihao Sabio Zhang owns all of the outstanding shares of Hua Mei Investments Limited. Pursuant to a call option agreement dated July 1, 2012, Mr. Hou has the right to purchase all of the shares in Hua Mei Investments Limited held by Mr. Zhang. Such option vests in three annual installments over a period of three years, of which 34% becomes exercisable on July 1, 2013, 33% becomes exercisable on July 1, 2014, and the remaining 33% becomes exercisable on July 1, 2015. The option expires on July 1, 2017. 

(4) 
      The address of Across Asia Investment Limited ( Across Asia ) is Room 1605, Plaza A, Xin-Tian-Di, No. Jia- 1 1, Xi-Ba-He Nan Road, Chaoyng District, Beijing City, 100028, China. Shiqiu Xiao is the sole director and shareholder of Across Asia and may be deemed to beneficially own the 1,082,500 shares of common stock of the Company owned by Across Asia. 

(5) 
     The address of Ever Shining Investment Limited ( Ever Shining ) is Room 1605, Plaza A, Xin-Tian-Di, No. Kia-1, Xi-Ba-He Nan Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing City, 100028, China. Chunquan Luo is the sole director and shareholder of Ever Shining and may be deemed to beneficially own the 1,083,750 shares of common stock of the Company owned by Ever Shining.  

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

Certain Relationships And
Related Party Transactions  

Other than
as disclosed below, there were no transactions with related parties during the Transition Period or the fiscal years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company owed Hua Mei Investments Limited ( Hua Mei ), a related party (controlled by Mr. Hou
Xingping, CEO of the Company), $524,686 and $154,571, respectively. These debts are non-interest bearing and payable on demand.
The proceeds of these debts were utilized as working capital. 

Independent Directors  

Liwei Jia,
Wei Lu and Hongcai Li are independent directors pursuant to the required standards set forth in Rule 10A-3(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, based on an evaluation of the relationships between the Company and each of them. 

Changes in Control  

There are
no arrangements known to us, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of the Company. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES  

Audit Fees  

(1)    Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated
annual financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and each interim consolidated financial statements
in fiscal year 2016 and 2015.    

(2)    Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported
under  Audit Fees.  This category includes audit-related services related to acquisitions by the Company.    

(3)    Tax Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice
and tax planning (domestic and international). These services include assistance regarding federal, state and international tax
compliance and international tax planning. The fees billed for professional services rendered for tax service of year ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 were $5,000 and $5,000, respectively.    

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

(a) Financial Statements  

The
following consolidated financial statements of the Company are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report: Schedules are
omitted because the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
schedule or because the information required is given in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits  

31.1 
       
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     31.2 
       
     Certification of the Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     32.1 
       
     Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     32.2 
       
     Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  
 
     101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
 
     101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
 
     101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
 
     101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
 
     101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Consolidated
audited financial statements and notes of General Agriculture Corporation and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2014 are
attached hereto as Annex at the end of this Form 10-K Annual Report.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: December 27, 2016 
       
      General Agriculture Corporation   

By:  
     /s/ Xingping Hou  

Xingping Hou  

Chief Executive Officer  

Dated: December 27, 2016  

By:  
     /s/ Amy Xue  

Amy Xue  

Chief Financial Officer  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name  
       
      Title  
       
      Date   

/s/ Xingping Hou 

Xingping Hou 
       
     Director, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
     December 27, 2016  

/s/ Amy Xue 

Amy Xue 
       
     Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
       
     December 27, 2016  

/s/ Shaokang Zeng 

Shaokang Zeng 
       
     Director, Secretary  
       
     December 27, 2016  

/s/ Liwei Jai 

Liwei Jai 
       
     Director 
       
     December 27, 2016  

/s/ Wei Lu 

Wei Lu 
       
     Director 
       
     December 27, 2016  

/s/ Hongcai Li 

Hongcai Li 
       
     Director 
       
     December 27, 2016  

EXHIBIT
INDEX  

GENERAL
AGRICULTURE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 AND 2015  

Table of Contents  

Page   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
     F-1  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     F-2  

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  
     F-3  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity  
     F-4  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     F-5  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
     F-6  

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of General Agriculture Corporation 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of General Agriculture Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2016. The Company s management is responsible for these
consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30,
2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended September
30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

 New York, NY 

December 27, 201 6 

GENERAL
AGRICULTURE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements 

GENERAL
AGRICULTURE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

See accompanying notes to the
consolidated financial statements 

GENERAL
AGRICULTURE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EUQITY  

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements 

GENERAL
AGRICULTURE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements 

GENERAL AGRICULTURE CORPORATION

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements  

NOTE 1  
ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS   

General Agriculture
Corporation ( GELT ), formerly Geltology Inc., was established under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 24,
2010. On July 12, 2013, GELT filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to change its name to General
Agriculture Corporation. 

Through a series
of reorganizations, GELT currently owns 100% of General Red Holdings, Inc. ( GRH ), which was established, under the
laws of the State of Delaware, on January 18, 2011. GRH owns 100% interest of Han Glory International Investment Limited ( Han
Glory ), a company incorporated on April 28, 2011 under the laws of British Virgin Islands. Han Glory is a sole owner of
Greater China International Investment Limited ( Greater China International ), a company incorporated on December
4, 2009 under the laws of Hong Kong. 

On January 13,
2010, Greater China International formed Nanchang Hanxin Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise (the
 WFOE ) in the city of Nanchang, Jiangxi Province, the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). On February
5, 2010, the WFOE acquired all the shares of Xingguo General Fruit Industry Development Co., Ltd ( General Fruit )
through essentially a capital recapitalization transaction. General Fruit was formed in Xingguo County, Jiangxi Province, under
the corporate laws of PRC on March 5, 2003. The primary business of General Fruit is to grow and sell navel oranges. General Fruit
owns 100% interest of General Red Navel Orange Preservation Company, Ltd. ( General Preservation ), a citrus fruits
company primarily engaged in preserving, packaging and marketing premium navel oranges. General Preservation provides wholesale
and retail of premium navel oranges to distributors, as well as to institutional customers throughout PRC and several other countries
under the trademark of  General Red . 

NOTE 2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation
and Consolidation  

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( US GAAP ). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of GELT and its wholly owned
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the  Company ). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

Seasonal Nature
of Operations   

The Company s
operations are seasonal based on the maturity stage of its products. Sales are concentrated during the months from October through
March, corresponding to the Company s product maturity cycle which begins in the month of October when the products mature
and are ready for sale. 

Foreign Currency
Translation and Transactions  

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars ( USD ). Greater China International s functional
currency is Hong Kong Dollar ( HKD ) and Nanchang Hanxin Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd, General Fruit and General
Preservation s functional currency is Chinese Yuan Renminbi ( RMB ). All assets and liabilities were translated
at the current exchange rate, at respective balance sheets dates, stockholders  equity is translated at the historical rates
and income statement items are translated at the average exchange rate for the reporting periods. The resulting translation adjustments
are reported as other comprehensive income (loss) and accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders  equity in accordance
with the Codification ASC 220, Comprehensive Income. The significant foreign translation losses reported is a result of the sharp
depreciation of the RMB to USD during the year. 

Cash flows from
the Company s operations included in the statement of cash flows are calculated based upon the functional currency using
the average translation rate. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will
not necessarily agree with arithmetical changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets. 

NOTE 2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Transaction gains
and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
are included in the results of operations as incurred. There were no material transaction gains or losses in the periods presented. 

The exchange rates
used to translate amounts in RMB into USD for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements were as follows: 

Use of Estimates

The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods presented. Actual results could differ
from these estimates. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the recoverability of the carrying amounts
of recorded assets and liabilities, estimated useful life of property and equipment and inventory obsolescence. 

Inventory  

Inventory is stated
at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the weighted-average cost method. Provisions are made for excess, slow
moving and obsolete inventory as well as inventory whose carrying value is in excess of net realizable values, if any. Management
continually evaluates the recoverability based on assumptions about customer demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions
are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory reserves or write-downs may be required that could
negatively impact the Company s gross margin and operating results. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, no provisions were
deemed necessary. 

Property and
Equipment  

Property and equipment
are stated at cost. Depreciation is calculated based on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
as follows: 

Estimated Useful Life  

 Electronic equipment5 years 

 Vehicles10 years 

 Machinery and equipment5 to 15 years 

 Buildings and improvements5 to 20 years 

 Navel orange orchards11 to 30 years 

Construction in
progress primarily represents the construction costs of buildings, machinery, equipment and agricultural improvements made to orchards.
Costs incurred are capitalized and transferred to property and equipment upon completion, at which time depreciation commences. 

NOTE 2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Navel orange orchards
consist of orchards the Company planted and acquired from local farmers and include costs related to land leveling, saplings, fertilizer,
labor and facilities on orchard lands. The planting costs were capitalized. From year of 2008 to 2016, the Company directly acquired
certain navel orange trees from local farmers, which were also capitalized. 

Cost of repairs
and maintenance is expensed as incurred. Gain or loss on disposal of property and equipment, if any, is recognized in the statements
of income and comprehensive income. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

Long-lived assets,
including property and equipment, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an
impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. As
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, there was no impairment of long-lived assets. 

Intangible
Assets  

Intangible assets
consist of mainly land use rights, which are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of 50 years.
Evaluation of the recoverability of intangible assets is made to take into account events or circumstances that warrant revised
estimates of useful lives or that indicate that impairment exists. No impairment of intangible assets has been identified as of
the balance sheet dates. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company derives
its revenue primarily from sale of navel oranges. Revenue is recognized in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 605, which
provides that revenue is recognized when products are shipped, title and risk of loss is passed to the customers and collection
is reasonably assured. Payments received before the above criteria are satisfied are recorded as advances from customers. 

Income Tax  

The Company applies
the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10,  Accounting For Uncertainty In Income Taxes , which provides clarification related to the
process associated with accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in financial statements. ASC 740-10 prescribes a more-likely-than-not
threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return.
ASC 740-10 also provides guidance related to, among other things, classification, accounting for interest and penalties associated
with tax positions, and disclosure requirements. 

All of the Company s
income is generated in the PRC, and accordingly, its income tax provision is calculated based on the applicable tax rates and existing
legislation, interpretation and practices in respect thereof. 

NOTE 2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Value-added-tax  

The Company is
subject to a value added tax ( VAT ) of 13% for selling navel oranges that were bought from other farmers and 17% for
processing navel oranges from General Fruit. The amount of VAT liability is determined by applying the applicable tax rate to the
invoiced amount of goods sold (output VAT) less VAT paid on purchases made with the relevant supporting invoices (input VAT). Under
the commercial practice of the PRC, the Company pays VAT based on tax invoices issued. The tax invoices may be issued subsequent
to the date on which revenue is recognized, and there may be a considerable delay between the date on which the revenue is recognized
and the date on which the tax invoice is issued. In the event that the PRC tax authorities dispute the date on which revenue is
recognized for tax purposes, the PRC tax office has the right to assess a penalty based on the amount of the taxes which are determined
to be late or deficient, and will be expensed in the period if and when a determination is made by the tax authorities that a penalty
is due. The Company reports revenues net of PRC s value added tax for all the periods presented in the consolidated statements
of income and comprehensive income. 

Comprehensive
Income  

Comprehensive
income is defined as the change in equity of a company from transactions and other events and circumstances excluding transactions
resulting from investments from owners and distributions to owners. For the Company, comprehensive income includes net income and
foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Advertising
Expense  

The Company expenses
all advertising expenses as incurred. Advertising expenses included in selling expenses were $961 and $66,598 for the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Shipping and
Handling  

All shipping and
handling costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling expenses. The Company sells primarily to large distributors. Most
of the shipping and handling costs are typically borne by customers. Total shipping and handling expenses incurred by the Company
were only $0 and $21,653 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Statutory Reserves  

Pursuant to the
applicable laws in the PRC, the Company makes appropriations to two non-distributable reserve funds, the statutory surplus reserve
and the statutory public welfare reserve. The appropriations are based on after-tax net earnings as determined in accordance with
the PRC generally accepted accounting principles, after offsetting any prior years  losses. Appropriation to the statutory
surplus reserve is based on an amount at least equal to 10% of after-tax net earnings until the reserve is equal to 50% of the
entity's registered capital. Appropriation to the statutory public welfare fund is based on 5% to 10% of after-tax net earnings
and is not mandatory. The statutory public welfare reserve is established for the purpose of providing employee facilities and
other collective benefits to the employees and is non-distributable, except in the event of liquidation. 

NOTE 2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

The Company does
not make appropriations to the discretionary surplus reserve fund. As of September 30, 2016 and2015, the Company had appropriated
$2,599,363 and $2,572,619of statutory surplus reserve funds, respectively. 

Operating leases  

Leases where substantially all the rewards
and risks of ownership of assets remain with the leasing company are accounted for as operating leases. Payments made under operating
leases are charged to the consolidated statements of income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk  

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are cash and accounts receivable arising from its normal
business activities. The Company places its cash in what it believes to be credit-worthy financial institutions. The Company controls
credit risk related to accounts receivable through credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures. The Company routinely
assesses the financial strength of its customers and, based upon factors surrounding the credit risk, establishes an allowance,
if required, for uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure beyond
such allowance is limited. 

As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s cash was with banks in the PRC and Hong Kong, where there is currently no rule or regulation
mandated on obligatory insurance of bank accounts. 

For the year ended
September 30, 2016, no customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company s sales. For the year ended September 30, 2015,
two customers accounted for 14% and 12% of the Company s sales. 

For the year ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the outsourced navel oranges accounted for 31% and 23% of the Company s total purchases, respectively.
The Company purchased 100% outsourced navel oranges from one vendor. 

Fair Value  

The Company has
categorized its assets and liabilities at fair value based upon the fair value hierarchy specified by FASB ASC 820. 

The
levels of fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

i.  Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
that we have the ability to access.   

ii.  Level 2 inputs utilize other-than-quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly.
Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs such as interest rates and
yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.   

iii.  Level 3 inputs are unobservable and are typically based on our own assumptions, including situations
where there is little, if any, market activity.   

NOTE 2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

The fair value
of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties.  As
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, advance payments, accounts
payable, due to related parties and other payables approximate their fair values because of the short-term maturities of these
instruments. 

Earnings Per
share  

The Company reports
earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of ASC 260.10,  Earnings Per Share . ASC 260.10 requires presentation
of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per
share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted
average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution
that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock using the
treasury method. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, there are no potentially dilutive securities outstanding. 

Recent accounting
pronouncements  

In May 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The purpose of ASU 2014-09 is to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue
and to develop a common revenue standard for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The amendments in ASU 2014-09
require a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the
consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments
and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective for
annual reporting periods, and interim periods within that period, beginning after December 15, 2016 (fiscal year 2018 for the Company)
and early adoption is not permitted. Subsequently, in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) Deferral of the Effective Date,  that moves the effective date out one year (fiscal 2019 for the
Company). Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2014-09. The Company
has not yet determined the potential effects of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 and ASU 2015-14 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015,
the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  which simplifies the presentation
of deferred taxes by requiring that deferred tax assets and liabilities be presented as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17
is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2015 (fiscal year 2017 for
the Company). The Company early adopted this guidance, prospectively, as of November 30, 2015, and, accordingly, prior periods
were not retrospectively adjusted. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  to increase the transparency and comparability about leases among entities.
The new guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a corresponding lease asset for virtually all lease contracts.
It also requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, and requires a modified retrospective approach to adoption. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

NOTE 2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

In April 2016,
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
Obligations and Licensing. The amendments clarity the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations;
and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The
effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in
Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Early application for public entities is
permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that
reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016, FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-12 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,
which is intended to not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606, but rather affect only the narrow aspects of Topic
606 by reducing the potential for diversity in practice at initial application and by reducing the cost and complexity of applying
Topic 606 both at transition and on an ongoing basis. The Company is assessing the impact of the adoption of the ASU on its consolidated
financial statements, disclosure requirements and methods of adoption. 

In August 2016,
the FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified
in the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: (1) Debt Prepayment
or Debt Extinguishment Costs; (2) Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates
That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing; (3) Contingent Consideration Payments Made
after a Business Combination; (4)Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; (5) Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned
Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned; (6) Life Insurance Policies; (7) Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees;
(8) Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance
Principle. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption
in an interim period. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it
is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied
prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Note
3  Inventory   

Inventory by major
categories are summarized as follows: 

Note
3   Inventory  (Continued) 

Work in process
consists of depreciation, amortization of prepaid leases of navel orange orchards, rental, salary, fertilizer, utility, and labor
spent in cultivating and producing navel oranges. Work in process is reclassified to finished goods after the navel oranges are
harvested. The harvest season of navel oranges usually starts in October. 

Note
4  ADVANCE PAYMENTS   

Advance payments
represent payments made to suppliers for goods and materials that have not been received. Advance payments are also reviewed periodically
by the Company to determine whether their carrying value has become impaired. Historically, the Company has not experienced any
losses as a result of these advances. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had $2,717,989 and $4,778,733, respectively,
of advance payments related to payments for purchasing navel oranges from other parties as well as packaging materials and utilities. 

Note
5  Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment
consist of the following: 

Depreciation expense was $1,068,006and
$1,167,868for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note
6   Intangible Assets   

Intangible assets
consist of the following: 

Amortization expense
was $3,514and $3,722for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note
7  Prepaid Leases   

In order to secure
long-term supplies and to control resources, starting in early 2011, General Fruit has been trying to locate suitable naval orange
orchards in the region and entering into various long-term lease contracts with owners of those orchards, with a typical lease
term of 10 years. These leases generally require advance payments of the entire lease amount up front, in return for a favorable
lease term and fixed price per tree. During the lease term, all yields from the orchards belong to the Company while the Company
is also responsible for all labor and maintenance costs of the orchards. 

Prior to the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2015, the Company has entered into a total of six lease contracts with various individual and cooperative
owners, with an aggregate lease amount of RMB 277,410,900 (approximately $45,299,243). 

In August and
September, 2016, General Fruit entered into additional lease contracts with five individual orchard owners. Pursuant to the contracts,
General Fruit was authorized to operate the orchards for 10 years starting January 1, 2017. The lease terms are effective from
January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2026. The aggregate lease amount for these contracts is approximately RMB141,845,000 ($21,265,402). 

As of September
30, 2016, the Company leased a total of 1,077,098 matured navel orange trees with a total lease amount of RMB 419,255,900 (approximately
$66,564,645). All these lease amounts have been prepaid by the Company using cash generated from operations over the years. 

These leases are
accounted for as operating leases in accordance with ASC 840-20 and the aggregate lease amounts will be expensed each year on a
straight-line basis over the lease terms. The net prepaid lease amount as of September 30, 2016 is $47,151,297, of which, $41,397,448
is considered as long-term prepaid leases. Lease expenses were approximately $4,247,716 and $3,383,507for the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Lease expense
attributable to future periods is as follows: 

Note
8  Due to Related Party   

As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company owed Hua Mei Investments Limited ( Hua Mei ), a related party (controlled by Mr. HouXingping,
CEO of the Company), $524,686 and $154,571, respectively. These debts are non-interest bearing and payable on demand. The proceeds
of these debts were utilized as working capital to primarily pay for offshore service expenses. 

Note
9   Income Taxes    

GELT and its U.S.
subsidiary, GRH, (collectively referred to as the  US entities ) are each subject to US tax and file US federal income
tax returns. The US entities are Delaware corporations and conduct all of their businesses through their Chinese subsidiaries. 
No provision for US federal income taxes were made for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as the US entities incurred
losses.  

GELT s offshore
subsidiary, Han Glory, is not subject to tax on income or capital gains under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Another offshore
subsidiary, Greater China International, did not earn any income that was derived in Hong Kong for the years ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and therefore was not subject to Hong Kong Profit tax. 

Under the Corporate
Income Tax Law of the PRC, the corporate income tax rate is 25%. However, as an agricultural company engaged in cultivation, General
Fruit has been approved for a tax exemption since its formation. General Preservation was also approved for such exemption from
income tax for the years 2016 and 2015. As a result, for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there was no income tax provision
for the Company. 

The GELT Company
had net operating losses ( NOL ) amounting to approximately $395,000 and $711,000 during the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $2.6
million that expire between 2018 and 2036. Management believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from the NOL carryforwards
will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, the Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance at September 30, 2016 and
no deferred tax asset benefit has been recorded. The Company s management reviews this valuation allowance periodically and
makes adjustments as necessary. As of September 30, 2016, the tax years ended September 30, 2013 through September 30, 2016 for
the US entities remain open for statutory examination by tax authorities. 

The summary of
the deferred income tax asset for US entities is as follows: 

Note9
  Income Taxes   (Continued) 

The following
table reconciles the U.S. statutory rates to the Company s effective tax rate as of the: 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v455500_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14  
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

I, Xingping Hou, certify that: 

1.                   I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of General Agriculture Corporation; 

2.                   Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.                   Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.                   The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Financial
Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d.    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.                   The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b.    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: December 27, 2016  

/s/ Xingping Hou   

Xingping Hou   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v455500_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14  
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

I,  Amy Xue, certify that: 

1.                   I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of General Agriculture Corporation; 

2.                   Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.                   Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.                   The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.                   The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 27, 2016  

/s/Amy Xue   

Amy Xue   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v455500_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report
on Form 10-K of General Agriculture Corporation (the  Company ) for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Xingping Hou, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(1)  
      the Report fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      all information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition and results of operations.   

Pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this certification is being furnished and is not deemed filed. 

Date: December 27, 2016 

/s/ Xingping Hou   

Xingping Hou   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v455500_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report
on Form 10-K of General Agriculture Corporation (the  Company ) for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Amy Xue, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certifies that, to the best of her knowledge: 

(1)  
      the Report fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      all information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition and results of operations.   

Pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this certification is being furnished and is not deemed filed. 

Date: December 27, 2016 

/s/ Amy Xue   

Amy Xue   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 gelt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gelt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gelt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gelt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gelt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gelt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

