<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1054905_0001193125-16-758520_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4117501</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66123</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>252533</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>702392</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1821637</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1047364</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-758520.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103125501
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-758520
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNOSPEC INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001054905
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		IRS NUMBER:				981081725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13879
		FILM NUMBER:		161970903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8310 SOUTH VALLEY HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-566-0528

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8310 SOUTH VALLEY HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OCTEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-758520.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d260611d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q       
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission file number 1-13879   
  INNOSPEC INC.      (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)       
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (303) 792 5554   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

Table of Contents  

     TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I  
   
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

4 

Item 1  
   
    Financial Statements   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Income   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   

5 

Consolidated Balance Sheets   

6 

Consolidated Balance Sheets (continued)   

7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

8 

Consolidated Statement of Equity   

9 

Notes To The Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements   

10 

Item 2  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   

22 

Critical Accounting Estimates   

22 

Results of Operations   

22 

Liquidity and Financial Condition   

31 

Item 3  
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

32 

Item 4  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

33 

PART II  
   
    OTHER INFORMATION   

33 

Item 1  
   
    Legal Proceedings   

33 

Item 1A  
   
    Risk Factors   

33 

Item 2  
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

34 

Item 3  
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

34 

Item 4  
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

34 

Item 5  
   
    Other Information   

34 

Item 6  
   
    Exhibits   

34 

SIGNATURES   

35 

2  

Table of Contents  

   CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELATIVE TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This Form 10-Q contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements other than statements of historical facts included or incorporated herein may constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include statements (covered by words like  expects,   estimates, 
 anticipates,   may,   believes,   feels  or similar words or expressions, for example,) which relate to earnings, growth potential, operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate
will or may occur in the future. Although forward-looking statements are believed by management to be reasonable when made, they are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and our actual performance or results may differ materially
from these  forward-looking  statements. Additional information regarding risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to Innospec and affecting our business operations and prospects are described in
Innospec s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, Innospec s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. You are urged to review our discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking statements under the heading  Risk Factors  in such reports. Innospec undertakes no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
      3  

Table of Contents  

PART I   
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION          

Item 1  
  Financial Statements          INNOSPEC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     INNOSPEC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     INNOSPEC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     INNOSPEC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS - (Continued)       
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     INNOSPEC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 (Unaudited)      
   Amortization of deferred finance costs of $0.2 million (2015   $0.6 million) are included in depreciation and
amortization in the cash flow statement but in interest expense in the income statement.    The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

     INNOSPEC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
   
      9  

Table of Contents  

     INNOSPEC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION      The
accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to
Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and notes necessary for a comprehensive presentation of financial position, results of operations
and cash flows.    It is our opinion, however, that all adjustments (consisting of normal, recurring adjustments, unless otherwise disclosed) have been made
which are necessary for the financial statements to be fairly stated. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed on February 17, 2016.    The results for the interim period covered by this report are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for the full year.    During the second quarter of 2016, we announced a change in the organization structure of the Group. As a result of these changes,
information that the Company s chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance changed. Therefore, in the third quarter of 2016, the Company has reported its financial performance
based on the new segments: Fuel Specialties, Performance Chemicals, Oilfield Services and Octane Additives (See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information).  
 When we use the terms  Innospec,   the Corporation,   the Company,   Registrant,   we,   us  and
 our,  we are referring to Innospec Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

    NOTE 2   SEGMENT REPORTING    
 In the second quarter of 2016, we finalized changes to our reporting segments to reflect the development of our management structure and strategy. As a result
of these changes, information that the Company s chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing financial performance has changed. Therefore, in the third quarter of 2016, the Company has
reported its financial performance based on the four reportable segments described below.      

Fuel Specialties, including the Polymers business previously reported in Performance Chemicals and excluding Oilfield Services business    

Performance Chemicals, excluding the Polymers business        

Oilfield Services, which was previously reported within Fuel Specialties        

Octane Additives (no change)      We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally
manage and monitor segment performance.    The Fuel Specialties, Performance Chemicals and Oilfield Services segments operate in markets where we actively
seek growth opportunities although their ultimate customers are different. The Octane Additives segment is expected to decline in the near future as our one remaining refinery customer transitions to unleaded fuel.  
 The Company evaluates the performance of its segments based on operating income. The following table analyzes sales and other financial information by
the Company s reportable segments:      
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

  The pension credit relates to the United Kingdom defined benefit pension plan which is closed to future service
accrual. The charges related to our other much smaller pension arrangements in the U.S. and overseas are included in the segment and income statement captions consistent with the related employees  costs.  
 The following table presents a summary of the depreciation and amortization charges incurred by the Company s reportable segments:  
   
     NOTE 3   EARNINGS PER SHARE    
 Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share includes the
effect of options that are dilutive and outstanding during the period. Per share amounts are computed as follows:      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the average number of anti-dilutive options excluded from
the calculation of diluted earnings per share were 0 and 0, respectively (three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   21,959 and 21,959, respectively).  
   NOTE 4   GOODWILL      The following table
summarizes goodwill at the balance sheet dates:      
     
     NOTE 5
  OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS      The following table summarizes the other intangible assets movement year on year:  
   
    Amortization expense       
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

    NOTE 6   PENSION PLANS    
 The Company maintains a defined benefit pension plan (the  Plan ) covering a number of its current and former employees in the United Kingdom,
although it does also have other much smaller pension arrangements in the U.S. and overseas. The Plan is closed to future service accrual but has a large number of deferred and current pensioners.  
   
   The amortization of prior service credit and actuarial net losses is a reclassification out of accumulated other comprehensive
loss into selling, general and administrative expenses.    The Company also maintains an unfunded defined benefit pension plan covering a number of its
current and former employees in Germany (the  German plan ). The German plan is closed to new entrants and has no assets. The net pension charge for the German plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $0.2
million and $0.6 million, respectively (three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 - $0.1 million and $0.5 million, respectively).      NOTE 7
  INCOME TAXES      A roll-forward of unrecognized tax benefits and associated accrued interest and penalties is as follows:  
   
   All of the unrecognized tax benefits, interest and penalties, would impact our effective tax rate if recognized.  
 We recognize accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as part of income taxes in our consolidated statements of income.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns with the U.S. federal government, and various
state and foreign jurisdictions. As previously disclosed, one of the Company s U.S. subsidiaries is currently subject to a state tax examination in respect of 2012 through to 2014 inclusive. The Company currently anticipates that adjustments,
if any, arising out of this tax audit would not result in a material change to the Company s financial position as at September 30, 2016.    As
previously disclosed, the Company s German subsidiaries are subject to a tax audit in respect of 2010 through to 2014 inclusive. The Company currently anticipates that adjustments, if any, arising out of this tax audit would not result in a
material change to the Company s financial position as at September 30, 2016.    The Company and its U.S. subsidiaries remain open to examination by
the IRS for years 2013 onwards. The Company s subsidiaries in foreign tax jurisdictions are open to examination including France (2013 onwards), Germany (2010 onwards), Switzerland (2014 onwards) and the United Kingdom (2014 onwards).  
 The Company is in a position to control whether or not to repatriate foreign earnings and we currently do not expect to make a repatriation in the foreseeable
future. No taxes have been provided for on the unremitted earnings of our overseas subsidiaries as any tax basis differences relating to investments in these overseas subsidiaries are considered to be permanent in duration. The amount of unremitted
earnings at December 31, 2015 was approximately $775 million. If these earnings are remitted, additional taxes could result after offsetting foreign income taxes paid although the calculation of the additional taxes is not practicable to compute at
this time.      NOTE 8   LONG-TERM DEBT    
 Long-term debt consists of the following:      
     NOTE 9   PLANT CLOSURE PROVISIONS    
 The liability for estimated closure costs of Innospec s manufacturing facilities includes costs for decontamination and environmental remediation
activities ( remediation ). The principal site giving rise to remediation liabilities is the manufacturing site at Ellesmere Port in the United Kingdom. There are also remediation liabilities on a much smaller scale in respect of our other
manufacturing sites in the U.S. and Europe.   Movements in the provisions are summarized as follows:  

15  

Table of Contents  

  Amounts due within one year refer to provisions where expenditure is expected to arise within one year of the
balance sheet date.     NOTE 10   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    
 The following table presents the carrying amount and fair values of the Company s assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis:  
   
   The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of financial instruments:  
  Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments:  The carrying amount approximates fair value because of the short-term maturities of such
instruments.     Long-term debt and finance leases:  Long-term debt principally comprises the revolving credit facility. Finance leases relate to
certain fixed assets in our Oilfield Services businesses. The carrying amount of long-term debt and finance leases approximates the fair value.  
  Derivatives:  The fair value of derivatives relating to foreign currency forward exchange contracts are derived from current settlement prices and
comparable contracts using current assumptions. Foreign currency forward exchange contracts primarily relate to contracts entered into to hedge future known transactions or hedge balance sheet net cash positions. The movements in the carrying
amounts and fair values of these contracts are largely due to changes in exchange rates against the U.S. dollar.     Acquisition-related contingent
consideration:  Contingent consideration payable in cash is discounted to its estimated fair value at each balance sheet date. Where contingent consideration is dependent upon pre-determined financial targets, an estimate of the fair value of the
likely consideration payable is made at each balance sheet date. The carrying value of the contingent consideration at the balance  
      16  

Table of Contents  

sheet dates is based on the estimated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) and free cash flow generated by Independence Oilfield Chemicals LLC
( Independence ) through the period to October 31, 2016. The contingent consideration payable in relation to the acquisition of Independence is based on management s latest forecasts of the business and on the current trading
performance. The results of the Independence business are particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development and production activity of our customers in the oil and gas sector, which is directly affected by trends in oil prices.  
  Stock equivalent units:  The fair values of stock equivalent units are calculated at each balance sheet date using either the Black-Scholes or Monte
Carlo method depending on the terms of each grant.      NOTE 11   DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT
     The Company enters into various foreign currency forward exchange contracts to minimize currency exchange rate exposure from expected future cash
flows. As at September 30, 2016 the contracts have maturity dates of up to twelve months at the date of inception. These foreign currency forward exchange contracts have not been designated as hedging instruments, and their impact on the income
statement for the first nine months of 2016 was a gain of $3.2 million.      NOTE 12   COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES       Legal matters     While we are
involved from time to time in claims and legal proceedings that result from, and are incidental to, the conduct of our business including business and commercial litigation, employee and product liability claims, there are no material pending legal
proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or of which any of their property is subject. It is possible, however, that an adverse resolution of an unexpectedly large number of such individual claims or proceedings could
in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the results of operations for a particular year or quarter.     Guarantees   
 The Company and certain of the Company s consolidated subsidiaries are contingently liable for certain obligations of affiliated companies primarily in
the form of guarantees of debt and performance under contracts entered into as a normal business practice. This includes guarantees of non-U.S. excise taxes and customs duties. As at September 30, 2016, such guarantees which are not recognized as
liabilities in the consolidated financial statements amounted to $3.7 million.    Under the terms of the guarantee arrangements, generally the Company would
be required to perform should the affiliated company fail to fulfil its obligations under the arrangements. In some cases, the guarantee arrangements have recourse provisions that would enable the Company to recover any payments made under the terms
of the guarantees from securities held of the guaranteed parties  assets.    The Company and its affiliates have numerous long-term sales and purchase
commitments in their various business activities, which are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences material to the Company.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

    NOTE 13   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS    
 The Company grants stock options and stock equivalent units ( SEUs ) from time to time as a long-term performance incentive. In certain cases
the grants are subject to performance conditions such as the Company s stock price. Where performance conditions apply the Monte Carlo simulation model is used to determine the fair values. Otherwise the Black-Scholes model is used to
determine the fair values.     Stock option plans     The
following table summarizes the transactions of the Company s stock option plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   At September 30, 2016, there were 112,604 stock options that were exercisable, of which 30,712 had performance conditions
attached.   The stock option compensation cost for the first nine months of 2016 was $2.8 million (2015   $2.7 million). The total intrinsic value
of options exercised in the first nine months of 2016 was $1.8 million (2015   $2.1 million).   The total compensation cost related to non-vested stock
options not yet recognized at September 30, 2016 was $4.3 million and this cost is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 2.08 years.  
  Stock equivalent units     The following table summarizes
the transactions of the Company s SEUs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016 there were 59,765 SEUs that are exercisable, of which 51,163 had performance conditions
attached.   The charges for SEUs are spread over the life of the award subject to a revaluation to fair value each quarter. The revaluation may result
in a charge or a credit to the income statement in the quarter dependent upon our share price and other performance criteria.   The SEU compensation cost
for the first nine months of 2016 was $3.7 million (2015 - $2.4 million). The total intrinsic value of SEUs exercised in the first nine months of 2016 was $1.5 million (2015   $2.2 million). 
 The weighted-average remaining vesting period of non-vested SEUs is 1.61 years.  
  Additional exceptional long-term incentive plan     A
maximum of $3.0 million of our cash-settled long-term incentives is accounted for as share-based compensation and the fair value is calculated on a quarterly basis using a Monte Carlo model. The fair values at each of the balance sheet dates
are summarized as follows:      
   The following assumptions were used in the Monte Carlo model at September 30:  
   
     NOTE 14   RECLASSIFICATIONS OUT OF ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS    
 Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the first nine months of 2016 were:  

(in
millions)   
    
  Amount Reclassified from AOCL  

Affected Line Item in the Statement where Net Income is Presented    
 
    Details about AOCL Components   

Defined benefit pension plan items:   

Amortization of prior service credit  
    
 $ 
 (0.8 
 )  
    
 See  (   )  below  
 
   Amortization of actuarial net losses  

2.0 

See  (   )  below  

1.2 

Total before tax  

(0.3 
 )  
    
 Income tax expense  

Total reclassifications   
    
 $ 
 0.9 

Net of tax  

(1)  
   These items are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
   
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss for the first nine months of 2016, net of tax, were:  
   
     NOTE 15   RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS    
 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC Topic 606, which amends the existing
accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to be entitled when products are transferred to customers. The original effective date
for ASU 2014-09 was for annual and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Deferral of the Effective Date, which defers
the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year and permits early adoption as early as the original effective date of ASU 2014-09. The new revenue standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the
cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. The Company has been evaluating the potential timing and impact of adopting the new revenue standard on its consolidated financial statements and has not yet determined the effect of the
standard on its ongoing financial reporting.    In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02, Revision to Lease Accounting,
which amends ASC Topic 842, Leases. The ASU requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all of their leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease). The new standard is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition, and provides for certain
practical expedients. Transition will require application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. The Company has not yet determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting.
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

  In June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard Accounting Standard Update 2016-13 to replace the incurred loss
impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to develop credit loss estimates. For trade and other
receivables, loans, and other financial instruments, we will be required to use a forward-looking expected loss model rather than the incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses. The new standard is effective for fiscal periods beginning after
December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting.  
   NOTE 16   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS      Mr.
Robert I. Paller has been a non-executive director of the Company since November 1, 2009. The Company has retained and continues to retain Smith, Gambrell   Russell, LLP ( SGR ), a law firm with which Mr. Paller holds a
position. In the first nine months of 2016 the Company incurred fees from SGR of $0.4 million (2015   $0.3 million). As at September 30, 2016, the amount due to SGR from the Company was $0.1 million (December 31, 2015 - $0.1 million).
     NOTE 17   SUBSEQUENT EVENT      On July 29,
2016 Innospec International Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Innospec Inc. entered into an Exclusivity and Put Option Agreement with Huntsman Investments B.V. ( the Seller ). The Put Option Agreement set forth the terms of a
commitment to acquire the European Personal Care and Home Care business of the Seller.    On October 25, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Put Option
Agreement, the Company entered into a Share and Asset Purchase Agreement (the  SAPA ). The aggregate purchase price to be paid under the SAPA is approximately $200 million subject to adjustments for certain working capital items, inventory
and certain adjustments related to employee matters.    The Proposed Transaction is expected to close in the Fourth quarter of 2016 subject to customary
closing conditions.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

Item 2  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016     
 This discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.  
     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES    
 The policies and estimates that the Company considers the most critical in terms of complexity and subjectivity of assessment are those related to business
combinations, contingencies, environmental liabilities, pensions, deferred tax and uncertain income tax positions, goodwill, property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets (net of amortization). These policies have been discussed in the
Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
 In the second quarter of 2016, we finalized changes to our reporting segments to reflect the development of our management structure and strategy. As a result
of these changes, information that the Company s chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing financial performance has changed. Therefore, in the third quarter of 2016, the Company
reported its financial performance based on the four reportable segments described below.      

Fuel Specialties, including the Polymers business previously reported in Performance Chemicals and excluding Oilfield Services business    

Performance Chemicals, excluding the Polymers business        

Oilfield Services, which was previously reported within Fuel Specialties        

Octane Additives (no change)      We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally
manage and monitor segment performance.    The following table provides operating income by reporting segment:  

22  

Table of Contents  

23  

Table of Contents  

   Fuel Specialties   
  Net sales:  the table below details the components which comprise the year on year change in net sales spread across the markets in which we operate:
     
   Volumes in the Americas were lower compared to the prior year due to a change in refinery crude slates. EMEA and ASPAC volumes
increased from the prior year driven by increased demand for higher volume lower margin products. AvTel volumes were lower than the prior year with an adverse price and product mix driven by the phasing of demand from customers. EMEA was adversely
impacted by exchange rate movements year over year, driven by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound sterling and European Union euros.  
  Gross margin : the year on year increase of 5.7 percentage points was primarily achieved from reduced sales of lower margin products in the Americas
together with the positive effect of weaker exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar on our cost base in EMEA and ASPAC.       Operating expenses:
 the year on year increase of $1.8 million was primarily due to higher share-based compensation accruals driven by the rise in the Innospec share price in the quarter relative to the prior year, together with increased provisions against doubtful
debts.     Performance Chemicals      Net sales:  the
table below details the components which comprise the year on year change in net sales spread across the markets in which we operate:      
   Volumes in all our markets were higher, primarily due to increased Personal Care volumes. EMEA experienced pricing pressure in
Personal Care which adversely affected the price and product mix. ASPAC price and product mix benefited from favorable pricing in Personal Care. A weakening of the European Union euro and the British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar resulted
in an adverse exchange rate variance for EMEA and ASPAC.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Gross margin:  the year on year increase of 4.0 percentage points, was due to a greater proportion of sales
from our higher margin Personal Care business and the positive effect of weaker exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar on our cost base in EMEA and ASPAC.    
  Operating expenses:  the year on year increase of 29 percent or $1.8 million was driven by a $1.0 million commercial legal settlement with a
distributor, together with higher share-based compensation accruals driven by the rise in the Innospec share price in the quarter relative to the prior year and higher performance related compensation.  
  Oilfield Services      Net sales:  the year on year
decrease of $29.2 million was primarily due to a reduction in customer activity especially in well completion, following the decline in oil prices. Overall volumes declined by 30 percent together with an adverse price and product mix of 7 percent.
    Gross margin:  the year on year increase of 0.8 percentage points was primarily due to a favorable sales mix driven by a higher proportion of sales
from our higher margin production business.     Operating expenses:  the year on year decrease of $4.2 million was driven by our cost reduction
programs.     Octane Additives      Net sales:  the
year on year decrease of $15.7 million was due to the timing of demand with our one remaining refinery customer.     Gross margin:  the year on year
increase of 10.0 percentage points was primarily due to higher volumes of production in the quarter generating favorable manufacturing variances, together with the benefit of a weaker British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar for our Ellesmere
Port cost base.     Operating expenses:  the year on year decrease of $0.4 million was due to the timing of maintenance expenditure and the benefit of
a weaker British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar for our Ellesmere Port cost base.     Other Income Statement Captions   
  Pension credit:  is non-cash, and was a $1.6 million net credit in 2016 compared to $0.0 million in 2015 primarily driven by lower interest cost on the
projected benefit obligation.     Corporate costs:  the year on year increase of $5.9 million, related to $1.4 million higher amortization and other
costs related to the EMEA and ASPAC deployment of our group wide ERP system; $1.7 million acquisition-related legal and professional fees in the current quarter; $2.1 million related to higher personnel-related compensation, including higher
accruals for share-based compensation driven by the rise in the Innospec share price in the quarter; and $0.7 million higher legal, professional and other expenses.  
  Adjustment to fair value of contingent consideration:  the credit of $2.3 million relates to an adjustment to the carrying value of our liability for
contingent consideration of $2.4 million, partly offset by the accretion charge of $0.1 million, both in relation to our Independence acquisition. The carrying value of the contingent consideration is based on the estimated EBITDA and free cash flow
generated by the Independence business through the period to October 31, 2016. The contingent consideration payable is based on management s latest forecast of the business and on the current trading performance. The results of the
business are particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development and production activity of our customers in the oil and gas sector, which is directly affected by trends in oil prices.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Profit on disposal of subsidiary : In 2015, the disposal of our Aroma Chemicals business generated a profit
on disposal of $1.6 million in the third quarter.     Other net income/(expense):  other net expense of $5.0 million primarily related to net losses of
$5.2 million on translation of assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies in our European businesses, offset by gains of $0.2 million on foreign currency forward exchange contracts. In 2015, other net income of $1.2 million
primarily related to net gains of $1.2 million on foreign currency forward exchange contracts.     Interest expense, net:  was $0.7 million in 2016 and
$1.0 million in 2015, with the reduction due to the lower borrowing costs within our new credit facility.     Income taxes:  the effective tax rate was
13.6% and 14.0% in the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The adjusted effective tax rate, once adjusted for changes to the fair value contingent consideration and the adjustment of income tax provisions, was 19.4% in the third quarter of
2016 compared with 13.9% in the third quarter of 2015. The 5.5% increase in the adjusted effective tax rate was primarily due to the third quarter of 2016 benefiting, to a lesser extent, from the positive impact of taxable profits in different
geographical locations as compared to the third quarter of 2015 and the impact of a 1% prospective reduction in the United Kingdom s corporation tax rate in the third quarter of 2016 on the measurement of existing deferred tax balances. The
Company believes that this adjusted effective tax rate, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides useful information to investors and may assist them in evaluating the Company s underlying performance and identifying operating trends. In addition,
management uses this non-GAAP financial measure internally to evaluate the performance of the Company s operations and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods.  

26  

Table of Contents  

Fuel Specialties      Net
sales:  the table below details the components which comprise the year on year change in net sales spread across the markets in which we operate:      
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

  Volumes in the Americas were lower than the prior year due to softer fuel demand, a warmer winter and a change in
the refinery crude slates. EMEA and ASPAC volumes increased from the prior year driven by increased demand for high volume low margin products. Price and product mix in EMEA and ASPAC was adversely impacted by higher demand for lower margin products
together with some pricing pressures. AvTel volumes were higher than the prior year with an adverse price and product mix driven by the phasing of demand from customers. EMEA was adversely impacted by exchange rate movements year over year, driven
by a weakening of the European Union euro and the British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar.     Gross margin : the year on year increase of 2.9
percentage points was primarily achieved from reduced sales of lower margin products in the Americas, together with the positive effect of weaker exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar on our cost base in EMEA and ASPAC and the higher margin
contribution from additional AvTel volumes.       Operating expenses:  the year on year increase of $2.6 million, was primarily driven by
increased share-based compensation accruals due to the rise in the Innospec share price in the year together with increased provisions against doubtful debts.  
  Performance Chemicals      Net sales:  the table below
details the components which comprise the year on year change in net sales spread across the markets in which we operate:      
   Volumes were higher in all our regions, driven by increased Personal Care volumes. Americas and EMEA experienced pricing
pressures in Personal Care which adversely affected the price and product mix. ASPAC benefited from favorable pricing in Personal Care. A weakening of the European Union euro and British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar resulted in an adverse
exchange rate variance for EMEA and ASPAC.     Gross margin:  the year on year increase of 5.4 percentage points was primarily driven by a greater
proportion of sales from our higher margin Personal Care business following the disposal of our lower margin Aroma Chemicals business in the prior year, together with the positive effect of weaker exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar on our cost
base in EMEA and ASPAC.     Operating expenses:  The year on year increase of $0.9 million is primarily due to a $1.0 million commercial legal
settlement with a distributor; higher share-based compensation accruals driven by the rise in the Innospec share price in the quarter relative to the prior year; higher performance related compensation; partly offset by a $0.6 million reduction due
to the disposal of our Aroma Chemicals business during the prior year.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Oilfield Services   
  Net sales:  the year on year decrease of $83.9 million was primarily due to a reduction in customer activity especially in well completion, following the
decline in oil prices. Overall volumes declined by 28 percent together with an adverse price and product mix of 11 percent.     Gross margin:  the year
on year increase of 1.3 percentage points was primarily due to a favorable sales mix driven by a higher proportion of sales from our higher margin production business.  
  Operating expenses:  the year on year decrease of $9.4 million was driven by our cost reduction programs.  
  Octane Additives      Net sales:  have increased by
$0.3 million compared to the prior year.     Gross margin:  the year on year increase of 15.7 percentage points was primarily due to higher volumes of
production in the first nine months of 2016 generating favorable manufacturing variances together with the benefit of a weaker British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar for our Ellesmere Port cost base.  
  Operating expenses:  the year on year decrease of $0.3 million was due to the continuing efficient management of the cost base and the benefit of a
weaker British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar for our Ellesmere Port cost base.     Other Income Statement Captions   
  Pension credit:  is non-cash, and was a $5.1 million net credit in 2016 compared to a $0.1 million net credit in 2015 primarily driven by lower interest
cost on the projected benefit obligation.     Corporate costs:  the year on year increase of $13.0 million, related to $4.0 million higher amortization
and other costs related to the EMEA and ASPAC deployment of our group wide ERP system; $2.7 million acquisition-related legal and professional fees; $4.6 million higher legal, professional and other expenses primarily due to the recovery of legal
fees in the prior year and a $1.7 million increase related to higher personnel-related compensation, including higher accruals for share-based compensation driven by the rise in the Innospec share price in the year.  
  Adjustment to fair value of contingent consideration:  the credit of $6.3 million relates to an adjustment to the carrying value of our liability for
contingent consideration of $7.1 million, partly offset by the accretion charge of $0.8 million, both in relation to our Independence acquisition. The carrying value of the contingent consideration is based on the estimated EBITDA and free cash flow
generated by the Independence business through the period to October 31, 2016. The contingent consideration payable is based on management s latest forecast of the business and on the current trading performance. The results of the
business are particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development and production activity of our customers in the oil and gas sector, this is directly affected by trends in oil prices.  
  Profit on disposal of subsidiary : The disposal of our Aroma Chemicals business generated a loss on disposal in 2016 compared to a profit on disposal of
$1.6 million in the prior year. The loss on disposal in 2016 related to the finalization of the assets and liabilities disposed.     Other net
income/(expense):  other net income of $3.2 million primarily related to net gains on foreign currency forward contracts. In 2015, other net expense of $2.0 million primarily related to losses of $2.1 million on translation of net assets
denominated in non-functional currencies in our European businesses, partly offset by gains of $0.1 million on foreign currency forward contracts.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Interest expense, net:  was $2.2 million in 2016 and $2.9 million in 2015, with the reduction due to the
lower borrowing costs within our new credit facility.     Income taxes:  the effective tax rate was 20.1% and 24.9% in the first nine months of 2016
and 2015, respectively. The adjusted effective tax rate, once adjusted for changes to the fair value contingent consideration and the adjustment of income tax provisions, was 20.2% in the first nine months of 2016 compared with 21.2% in the first
nine months of 2015. The 1.0% decrease in the adjusted effective tax rate was primarily due to the first nine months of 2016 benefiting, to a greater extent, from the positive impact of taxable profits in different geographical locations as compared
to the first nine months of 2015. The Company believes that this adjusted effective tax rate, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides useful information to investors and may assist them in evaluating the Company s underlying performance and
identifying operating trends. In addition, management uses this non-GAAP financial measure internally to evaluate the performance of the Company s operations and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods.  

30  

Table of Contents  

      LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION    
  Working Capital     The Company believes that adjusted
working capital, a non-GAAP financial measure, (defined by the Company as trade and other accounts receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities rather than total current assets less total current liabilities)
provides useful information to investors in evaluating the Company s underlying performance and identifying operating trends. Management uses this non-GAAP financial measure internally to allocate resources and evaluate the performance of the
Company s operations. Items excluded from working capital in the adjusted working capital calculation are listed in the table below and represent factors which do not fluctuate in line with the day to day working capital needs of the business.
     
   In the first nine months of 2016 our adjusted working capital decreased by $6.7 million primarily driven by the collection of
accounts receivable following higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2015.    We had an $11.9 million decrease in trade and other accounts receivable in 2016
primarily in our Fuel Specialties segment. Days  sales outstanding in our Fuel Specialties segment increased from 47 days to 52 days; increased from 43 days to 48 days in our Performance Chemicals segment; and decreased from 44 days to 39 in
our Oilfield Services segment.    We had a $1.9 million increase in inventories in 2016, which is primarily related to increased inventory from the higher
production volumes in our Octane Additives segment partly offset by lower inventories in our Oilfield Services segment to align with lower demand from customers. Days  sales in inventory in our Fuel Specialties segment increased from 96 days to
121 days; increased in our Performance Chemicals segment from 83 days to 90 days; and decreased from 82 to 71 days in our Oilfield Services segment.  
 Prepaid expenses increased by $3.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $6.1 million to $9.2 million due to the phasing of invoicing of certain
costs.    We had a $0.2 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in 2016. Creditor days in our Fuel Specialties segment increased from
26 days to 38 days; in our Performance Chemicals segment increased from 31 days to 32 days; and increased from 32 days to 43 days in our Oilfield Services segment.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Operating Cash Flows   
 We have generated cash from operating activities of $86.8 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $90.6 million in the first nine months of 2015
primarily due to lower operational cash flows in the period, partly offset by lower cash contributions to defined benefit pension plans.     Cash   
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 we had cash and cash equivalents of $167.1 million and $136.9 million, respectively, of which $158.7
million and $118.8 million, respectively, were held by non-U.S. subsidiaries principally in the United Kingdom. The Company is in a position to control whether or not to repatriate foreign earnings. We currently do not expect to make a repatriation
in the foreseeable future and hence have not provided for future income taxes on the cash held by overseas subsidiaries. If circumstances were to change that would cause these earnings to be repatriated, an additional U.S. tax liability could be
incurred, and we continue to monitor this position.     Short-term investments   
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no short-term investments and $4.8 million, respectively.  
  Debt     At September 30, 2016, the Company had $143.0
million of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $4.5 million of obligations under finance leases relating to certain fixed assets within our Oilfield Services segment.  
 The Company has a revolving credit facility that provides for borrowing of up to $200.0 million through November 2020 and may be drawn down in full in the
U.S..      

Item 3  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       The Company uses floating rate debt to
finance its global operations. The Company is subject to business risks inherent in non-U.S. activities, including political and economic uncertainty, import and export limitations, and market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign
currency exchange rates. The political and economic risks are mitigated by the stability of the major countries in which the Company s largest operations are located. Credit limits, ongoing credit evaluation and account monitoring procedures
are used to minimize bad debt risk. Collateral is not generally required.    From time to time, the Company uses derivatives, including interest rate swaps,
commodity swaps and foreign currency forward exchange contracts, in the normal course of business to manage market risks. The derivatives used in hedging activities are considered risk management tools and are not used for trading purposes. In
addition, the Company enters into derivative instruments with a diversified group of major financial institutions in order to manage the exposure to non-performance of such instruments. The Company s objective in managing the exposure to
changes in interest rates is to limit the impact of such changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. The Company s objective in managing the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates is to reduce
volatility on earnings and cash flows associated with such changes.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  The Company offers fixed prices for some long-term sales contracts. As manufacturing and raw material costs are
subject to variability the Company, from time to time, uses commodity swaps to hedge the cost of some raw materials thus reducing volatility on earnings and cash flows. The derivatives are considered risk management tools and are not used for
trading purposes. The Company s objective is to manage its exposure to fluctuating costs of raw materials.    The Company s exposure to market
risk has been discussed in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and there have been no significant changes since that time other than as discussed in item 1A below.  

Item 4  
  Controls and Procedures        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 Based on an evaluation carried out as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, our
Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) were effective as of
September 30, 2016.     Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 The Company is continuously seeking to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its operations and of its internal control over financial reporting. This is
intended to result in refinements to processes throughout the Company.    There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting, which were
identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.        PART II OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1  
  Legal Proceedings        Legal matters   
 While we are involved from time to time in claims and legal proceedings that result from, and are incidental to, the conduct of our business including business
and commercial litigation, employee and product liability claims, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or of which any of their property is subject. It is possible, however, that
an adverse resolution of an unexpectedly large number of such individual claims or proceedings could, in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on results of operations for a particular year or quarter.  

Item 1A  
  Risk Factors       Information regarding risk factors that could have a material impact on our results of
operations or financial condition are described under  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of Part 1 of our 2015 Form 10-K and Item 1A of Part II of our Second Quarter 2016 Form 10-Q. In management s view, there have been no material
changes in the risk factors facing the Company in the quarter.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

Item 2  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       There have been no unregistered sales of
equity securities.    On November 3, 2015 the Company announced that its board of directors has authorized a new share repurchase program which targets
to repurchase up to $90 million of common stock over the next three years.    During the three months ended September 30, 2016, no shares of our common
stock were repurchased by the Company. There was $82.5 million remaining under the 2015 authorization as at September 30, 2016.    Repurchases of
common stock are held as treasury shares unless reissued under equity compensation plans.      

Item 3  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.  

Item 4  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.  

Item 5  
  Other Information       None.      

Item 6  
  Exhibits         
 
      34  

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.      

INNOSPEC INC.   

Registrant   

Date: November 3, 2016 

By 
   
   /s/    PATRICK S.
WILLIAMS           

Patrick S. Williams   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 3, 2016 

By 
   
   /s/    IAN P.
CLEMINSON           

Ian P. Cleminson   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
 
      35  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d260611dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION BY PATRICK S. WILLIAMS PURSUANT TO   
  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 RULE 13a-14 and 15d-14   
 I, Patrick S. Williams, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Innospec Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ PATRICK S. WILLIAMS   
 
  Patrick S. Williams   
 
  President and Chief Executive Officer   
 
 November 3, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d260611dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION BY IAN P. CLEMINSON PURSUANT TO   
  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 RULE 13a-14 and 15d-14   
 I, Ian P. Cleminson, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Innospec Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ IAN P. CLEMINSON   
 
  Ian P. Cleminson   
 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
 
 November 3, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d260611dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  Section 1350 Certification   
  by Patrick S. Williams     In connection
with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Innospec Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick S. Williams,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.    

/s/ PATRICK S. WILLIAMS   
 
  Patrick S. Williams   
 
  President and Chief Executive Officer   
 
 November 3, 2016  
   The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 and is not being filed as part of this
Report or as a separate disclosure document.    A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C.   1350 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d260611dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  Section 1350 Certification   
  by Ian P. Cleminson     In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Innospec Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ian P. Cleminson,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.    

/s/ IAN P. CLEMINSON   
 
  Ian P. Cleminson   
 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
 
 November 3, 2016  
   The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 and is not being filed as part of this
Report or as a separate disclosure document.    A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C.   1350 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 iosp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 iosp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 iosp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 iosp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 iosp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 iosp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

