<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_1583671_0001640334-16-001846_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1033558</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59368</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>83244</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>209229</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>331919</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>297486</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-16-001846.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025181622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-16-001846
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Science to Consumers, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001583671
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				331227949
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-190391
		FILM NUMBER:		161951218

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1618, AMERICAN BANK CENTRE
		STREET 2:		555 REN MIN ROAD
		CITY:			GUANGZHOU
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			04159
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 139 022 55701

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1618, AMERICAN BANK CENTRE
		STREET 2:		555 REN MIN ROAD
		CITY:			GUANGZHOU
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			04159

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Argan Beauty Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130805

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-16-001846.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 beut_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   beut_10q.htm      
 
        UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington  , D.C. 20549        Form 10-Q       (Mark One)           For the quarterly period ended   August 31, 2016       or            For the transition period from _______________ to ______________     Commission File Number   333-190391                  SCIENCE TO CONSUMERS, INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                     Nevada           N33-1227949       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)         (IRS Employer Identification No.)                                         Room 1618, American Bank Centre, 555 Ren Min Road, Guangzhou China           N/A       (Address of principal executive offices)         (Zip Code)                           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x  YES          NO              Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x  YES          NO             Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                  Large accelerated filer           Accelerated filer           Non-accelerated filer           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)    Smaller reporting company     x                    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)      YES       x  NO             APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS     Check whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.      YES          NO         APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.     31,920,000 common shares issued and outstanding as of October 19, 2016.       

TABLE OF CONTENTS                 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION        3                        Item 1.      Financial Statements       3                        Item 2.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       13                          Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       20                        Item 4.      Controls and Procedures       20                         PART II - OTHER INFORMATION        21                        Item 1.      Legal Proceedings       21                        Item 1A.      Risk Factors       21                        Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       21                        Item 3.      Defaults Upon Senior Securities       21                        Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures       21                        Item 5.      Other Information       21                        Item 6.      Exhibits       22                          SIGNATURES       23                       2       
      Table of Contents              PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION         Item 1. Financial Statements       The condensed interim financial statements of our company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in US dollars.             SCIENCE TO CONSUMERS, INC.       CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       AUGUST 31, 2016               SCIENCE TO CONSUMERS, INC.        TABLE OF CONTENTS        AUGUST 31, 2016                              F-4       
      Table of Contents          SCIENCE TO CONSUMERS, INC.     CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS                   See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements.                   F-5       
      Table of Contents           SCIENCE TO CONSUMERS, INC.      CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS      (unaudited)             See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements.                   F-6       
      Table of Contents           SCIENCE TO CONSUMERS, INC.      STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS      (unaudited)           See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements.                  F-7       
      Table of Contents             NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS      Science to Consumers, Inc. (the  Company ) is a development stage company which registered in the State of Nevada on April 15, 2013 formed to distribute Argan Oil products. In addition, the Company is looking to market, sell, and distribute anti-aging products, as on December 29, 2015 the Company signed a five-year exclusive licensing agreement with Biomatrix, Inc. for the People s Republic of China and Europe. The agreement will allow Science to Consumers Inc., to market and sell at least six of its special formulated anti-aging products including the DermaLastyl line. The Company will position itself to take full advantage of the distributing its products from their manufacturers to their customers.      NOTE 2   CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      The accompanying financial statements have been prepared by the Company without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial positions, results of operations, and cash flows on August 31, 2016, and for all periods presented herein, have been made.     Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s May 31, 2016 audited financial statements. The results of operations for the three months ended August 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year.      NOTE 3   GOING CONCERN      The Company has no revenues as of August 31, 2016. The Company currently has accumulated deficit and working capital deficit, and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principle, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that could result from the outcome of this uncertainty.     Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends to position itself so that it may be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern.      NOTE 4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFCANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES         Basis of Presentation   The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in US dollars.       Accounting Basis   The Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP  accounting).  The Company has adopted a May 31 fiscal year end.                  F-8       
      Table of Contents           Cash and Cash Equivalents   The Company considers all highly liquid investments with the original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had $2,153 of cash as of August 31, 2016 and $3,306 of cash as of May 31, 2016.      Fair Value of Financial Instruments   The Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable, amounts due to a related party, a loan from a director and a loan payable. The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these financial statements.        Website Development Costs    Website development costs consist of costs incurred to develop internet websites to promote, advertise, and earn revenue with respect to the Company s business operations. Costs are amortized on a straight line basis over 3 years from when the internet web site has been completed.         Income Taxes   Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized.        Use of Estimates   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.        Revenue Recognition   The Company recognizes revenue when products are fully delivered or services have been provided and collection is reasonably assured.        Stock-Based Compensation   Stock-based compensation is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 718. To date, the Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options.      Basic Income (Loss) Per Share   Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company s net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company s net income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. There are no such common stock equivalents outstanding as of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016.      Comprehensive Income   ASC 220,   Comprehensive Income  , establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. When applicable, the Company would disclose this information on its Statement of Stockholders  Deficit. Comprehensive income comprises equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. The Company has not had any significant transactions that are required to be reported in other comprehensive income.      Impact of New Accounting Standards   The Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company's results of operations, financial position, or cash flow.                 F-9       
      Table of Contents            NOTE 5   LICENSE AGREEMENT      On December 29, 2015, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with Biomatrix Inc. ( Biomatrix ), a Delaware corporation, pursuant to which the Company obtained the exclusive rights to sell certain proprietary skincare products of Biomatrix by direct to consumer marketing and sales in the territories of China and Europe. In consideration for the marketing, sales and distribution services to be provided by the Company, Biomatrix has agreed to supply product inventory at a rate not less favorable than that provided to any third party. Additionally, Biomatrix has agreed to transfer to the Company 100% equity ownership of Biomatrix Inc. ( Biomatrix Arizona ), an Arizona corporation, which holds all right and title to the product distribution rights acquired. In consideration of transfer of title and rights acquired, the Company issued 2,000,000 restricted shares of common stock to Biomatrix. Upon closing of the transaction, Biomatrix Arizona will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As of August 31, 2016, the transaction had not closed and the Company has not received ownership of the Biomatrix Arizona equity.     The initial term of the exclusive license agreement is 5 years, subject to the Company achieving minimum sales of $250,000 and $500,000 during the first and second years of the agreement, respectively. Thereafter, the term will automatically renew for successive 5 year periods provided that the Company achieve a minimum $500,000 in sales of the licensed products during each calendar year of the term, excluding the first year.      On December 16, 2015, the Company issued to Biomatrix 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the license agreement. As of August 31, 2016, the shares of Biomatrix Arizona were not received by the Company and the transaction had not closed. Due to the value of Biomatrix Arizona and the Company s uncertain future revenues generated by the license, the fair value of the 2,000,000 shares issued has been recorded as $nil.      NOTE 6   DUE TO RELATED PARTY      As of August 31, 2016, the Company was indebted to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company for $7,702 (May 31, 2016 - $7,675), for expenses paid on behalf of the Company. The amount is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand.      NOTE 7   LOAN FROM DIRECTOR      As of August 31, 2016, the Company owed a director of the Company $8,891 (May 31, 2016 - $8,891) related to a loan to the Company for business operations. The loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand.      NOTE 8   LOAN PAYABLE      On May 1, 2016, the Company entered into a loan agreement in which the note holder agreed to provide a loan to the Company in the principal amount of up to $50,000. The loan is unsecured, bears interest at 8.5% per annum and is payable on May 1, 2017. As at August 31, 2016, the note holder has provided $31,000 to the Company pursuant to the loan agreement. As at August 31, 2016, the Company recorded $852 of interest payable (May 31, 2016 - $188).      NOTE 9   COMMON STOCK      The Company has 525,000,000, $0.001 par value shares of common stock authorized.     There were 31,900,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2016.             NOTE 10   WARRANTS      The following table summarizes the continuity of share purchase warrants:           As at August 31, 2016, the following share purchase warrants were outstanding:            NOTE 11   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property. An officer has provided office services without charge. There is no obligation for the officer to continue this arrangement. Such costs are immaterial to the financial statements and accordingly are not reflected herein. The officers and directors are involved in other business activities and most likely will become involved in other business activities in the future.             NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS      On September 1, 2016 the company signed an Exclusive Distributor Agreement with SHI TU KANG TRADING CO LTD. (STK), located in Nan Sha district, Guangzhou China. STK is a privately owned trading and distribution company, mostly dealing with cosmetic, health   beauty, fragrance and personal care related products. In order to leverage the infrastructure in place with STK, the company will rely on STK s support of sharing resources, office space and depending on their full assistance to customize packaging, box designs and a private label with the Chinese brand name patent ( ) for the Chinese market. The agreement states that STK will commit to providing full turnkey services by importing products with valid import licenses from Hong Kong via the Hai Tao Base official platform. STK will also market S2C products to their existing sales channels such as beauty parlors, drugstores, WeChat shops, beauty chain stores and some of their existing online shops.     On September 26, 2016, the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Note agreement for $18,000. The Note bears interest at 10% per annum and the principal amount and any interest thereon are due six months from the date of issuance. Pursuant to the agreement, the Note is convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a 20% discount of the average share closing price for the thirty days preceding the date of conversion, not to be below $0.05 per share.     In accordance with SFAS 165 (ASC 855-10) the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to August 31, 2016 to the date these financial statements were issued.               Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS     This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.     Our unaudited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this quarterly report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this quarterly report.     Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.     In this quarterly report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to  common shares  refer to the common shares in our capital stock.     As used in this quarterly report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our  and  our company  mean Science to Consumers, Inc., unless otherwise indicated.      Corporate Overview      We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 15, 2013. Our company is planning to be a distributor of Argan oil and Argan oil products to stores, spas, massage therapy offices and individuals in Germany. We intend to bring the 100% pure and organic Argan oil and skin products made with Argan oil directly from the manufacturers in Morocco to Germany and in the future to the rest of Europe. In addition, we are also looking to market, sell, and distribute anti-aging products, as on December 29, 2015 our company signed a five-year exclusive licensing agreement with Biomatrix, Inc. for the People s Republic of China and Europe.  The agreement will allow Science to Consumers Inc., to market and sell at least six of the special formulated anti-aging products including the DermaLastyl line.  The first products that our company plans to sell is DermLastyl skin care products.  DermaLastyl is a trademarked anti-aging cream that aims to help to reduce wrinkles through the use of science.  The key ingredient, Tropoelastin, is a patented formulation of elastin produced by genetic engineering that aims to promote healing and renewing of the skin.   The DermaLastyl line are genetically engineered products on the market that aims to help restore elastin and elastic properties to the skin and around the eyes. We expect to generate revenues in China from sales of our products to individual customers and commercial customers such as spas, stores and massage therapy offices. In addition, an e-commerce strategy is being developed to market the Products online in China and an e-commerce website is being developed for the Chinese market and should be ready by the end of October 2016. Our corporate website has been updated and can be found at www.sciencetoconsumers.com.            At this stage, we have no revenues. The past operations had our company engaged in preparing our business plan and the development of our website and e-commerce shopping cart for China. Our potential client list consists of 4 companies ranging from beauty stores, spas massage therapy offices, and cosmetic distributors.     The majority of our business will be initially marketed in China, Hong Kong, and Germany but as our operations expand, we plan to expand to other European markets. We are also looking at opportunities to expand our operations and expand other product lines in the USA, European, and Asian markets.     Our company will focus on providing helpful customer service. We are currently selling six products that are available to be purchased through our website, and wholesale orders are also being accepted from June 1, 2016. Our company plans on engaging in an e-commerce strategy to be able to drive its online sales. In addition, our company is targeting cosmetic distribution companies in China and Hong Kong as part of its sales strategy. Our company is also looking at distributing its licensed products through some potential JV partnerships.     Our company is also working with the Licensor to re-design and re-package the product line to better reflect the Chinese market place.     On July 31, 2014, our company s board of directors approved a resolution to effect a 7 new for 1 old forward split of our authorized and our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. A Certificate of Change for the stock split was filed and became effective with the Nevada Secretary of State on August 19, 2014. Consequently, our authorized share capital increased from 75,000,000 to 525,000,000 shares of common stock and our issued and outstanding common stock, at that time, increased from 4,250,000 to 29,900,000 shares, all with a par value of $0.001.     The forward stock split was approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) with an effective date of August 19, 2014.     On November 25, 2014, our board of directors approved an agreement and plan of merger to merge with our wholly-owned subsidiary Science to Consumers, Inc., a Nevada corporation, to effect a name change from Argan Beauty Corp. to Science to Consumers, Inc. Science to Consumers, Inc. was formed solely for the change of name.     Articles of Merger to effect the merger and change of name were filed and became effective with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 23, 2014. The name change was reviewed by the FINRA and was approved for filing with an effective date of December 24, 2014. The name change became effective with the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board at the opening of trading on December 24, 2014 under the symbol "BEUT". Our CUSIP number is 808645105.     Our principal executive office is located at Room 1618, American Bank Centre, 555 Ren Min Road, Guangzhou, China. Our telephone number is +86 139 022 55701.      We do not have any subsidiaries.     We have never declared bankruptcy nor have we been in receivership.       Our Current Business      On October 1, 2013, Science to Consumers Inc., a private Nevada corporation (the  Assignor ), entered into a License Agreement with Protein Genomics Inc., a Delaware corporation, pursuant to which the Assignor acquired the rights from Protein Genomics Inc. to sell certain products.  The terms of the Assignment Agreement signed on October 1, 2013 have not been met and mutually both parties agreed to enter into a new agreement with similar terms and pricing were negotiated and entered into a new agreement on January 19, 2015.            On January 19, 2015, our company, as assignee, entered into an Assignment Agreement with the Assignor, pursuant to which we have acquired the right, title and interest to the License Agreement and all obligations, benefits and advantages thereunder in relation to the territory under the License Agreement for consumer skin care products supplied by Protein Genomics. Under the terms of the Assignment Agreement, Burt Ensley, the current sole director and officer of the Assignor and a former chief executive officer of our company, shall be issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock of our company as consideration for the transfer of the License Agreement.     Under the License Agreement our company will provide direct to consumer sales, marketing and distribution of finished consumer skin care products provided by Protein Genomics via direct response advertisements and other worldwide marketing and distribution channels. Our company will create direct response advertisements for the products in consultation with Protein Genomics, which shall initially consist of direct response print advertisements and television commercials and other forms of direct response advertisements.     Our company shall manage all creative testing, media, buying, telemarketing fulfillment and credit card processing relating to the sale of the consumer skin care products through direct response advertisements and will work with Protein Genomics on appropriate publicity and home shopping opportunities for the products. We may also work together with respect to the packaging of the products.     Our company may also present buying opportunities online of the products as part of our overall web strategy including order acceptance, billing and collection.     Protein Genomics will provide our company with finished inventory, claims substantiation with respect to each product including any relevant clinical data and support for any such claims, assistance in securing testimonials and cooperation from experts and arranging for appearances by our former chief executive officer, Burt Ensley, to promote the products in our direct response advertising channels. Protein Genomics will also provide us with fully cleared content required by our company to create the direct response advertisements, ensure that any patents and intellectual property are in good standing and defend against any potential competition or infringement.     The terms of the Assignment Agreement signed on January 19, 2015 have not been met and a new agreement with similar terms and pricing were negotiated and entered into on December 29, 2015.     Effective December 29, 2015, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Biomatrix Inc., a Delaware corporation, pursuant to which we obtained the exclusive rights to sell certain proprietary skincare products of Biomatrix by direct to consumer marketing and sales in the territories of China and Europe. In consideration for the marketing, sales and distribution services to be provided by our company, Biomatrix has agreed to supply product inventory at a rate not less favorable than that provided to any third party. Additionally, Biomatrix has agreed to transfer to our company 100% equity ownership of Biomatrix Inc., an Arizona corporation which holds all right and title to the product distribution rights acquired. In consideration of transfer of title and rights acquired, we agreed to issue to Biomatrix (Delaware) 2,000,000 restricted common shares in the capital stock of our company.     The initial term of the exclusive license agreement is for 5 years, subject to our company achieving minimum sales of $250,000 and $500,000 during the first and second years of the agreement, respectively. Thereafter, the term will automatically renew for successive 5 year periods provided that we achieve a minimum $500,000 in sales of the licensed products during each calendar year of the term, excluding the first year.  Closing of the transaction is subject to completion of due diligence and to the transfer of the Biomatrix, Arizona securities to our company. Biomatrix Arizona will become our wholly owned subsidiary upon completion of the transaction.      Our Current Products      We are currently selling six products that are available to be purchased through our website, and wholesale orders are also being accepted from June 1, 2016. Our company plans on engaging in an e-commerce strategy to be able to drive its online sales. In addition, the company is targeting cosmetic distribution companies in China and Hong Kong as part of its sales strategy.     Our company is also working with our distributors to re-design and re-package the product line to better reflect the Chinese market place.  In addition, patents and trademarks are also being applied for in China to better protect the brand being developed in China by our company s distributors.     The products being sold by our company currently are Dermalastyl Facial Scrub, Dermalastyl Bx Pro, Dermalastyl Bx Elastropin, Dermalastyl-e Intensive Eye Serum, Dermalastyl-m Wrinkle Eye Radicator, Dermalastyl-m Anti- Wrinkle after shave for Men.             Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015      The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015.     Our operating results for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:           Our net loss for the three months ended August 31, 2016 was $4,857. Our net loss for three months ended August 31, 2015 was $4,117. During the three months ended August 31, 2016 we did not generate any revenue.  During the three months ended August 31, 2016, our operating expenses consisted of amortization of $871, general and administrative fees of $1,848 and professional fees of $2,138. During the three months ended August 31, 2015, our operating expenses consisted of professional fees of $4,117. The weighted average number of shares outstanding were 31,900,000 and 29,900,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, respectively.      Liquidity and Financial Condition       Working Capital             Cash Flows            As at August 31, 2016, our total current assets were $2,153 compared to $3,306 in total current assets at May 31, 2016. Total current assets were comprised cash and cash equivalents. As at August 31, 2016, our current liabilities were $67,920 compared to $64,423 in current liabilities as at May 31, 2016. Stockholders  deficit was $58,218 as of August 31, 2016 compared to stockholders' deficit of $52,697 as of May 31, 2016.             Cash Flows from Operating Activities      We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the three months ended August 31, 2016, net cash flows used in operating activities was $1,153 compared to $Nil for the three months ended August 31, 2015.      Cash Flows from Investing Activities      For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 we did not have any net cash flows used in investing activities.      Cash Flows from Financing Activities      For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 we did not have any cash flows from financing activities.      Plan of Operation and Future Financings      We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds and further issuances of securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business.     Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next three months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii) developmental expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. We will have to raise additional funds in the next twelve months in order to sustain and expand our operations. We currently do not have a specific plan of how we will obtain such funding; however, we anticipate that additional funding will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. We have and will continue to seek to obtain short-term loans from our directors, although no future arrangement for additional loans has been made. We do not have any agreements with our directors concerning these loans. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future equity financing.      Cash Requirements       We estimate our operating expenses and working capital requirements for the twelve month period to be as follows:                  At present, our cash requirements for the next 12 months outweigh the funds available to maintain our operations or development of any future properties. Of the $111,500 that we require for the next 12 months, we had $2,153 in cash as of August 31, 2016, and a working capital deficit of $65,767. Until we complete a transaction, acquisition or business combination, our cash requirements will be in regards to maintaining our corporate existence, and ensuring compliance with our SEC continuous disclosure obligations, including our financial reporting requirements. In addition, we will require additional capital in order to investigate and conclude any future transaction, acquisition or business combination. In order to improve our liquidity, we plan to pursue additional equity financing from private investors or possibly a registered public offering. We do not currently have any definitive arrangements in place for the completion of any further private placement financings and there is no assurance that we will be successful in completing any further private placement financings. If we are unable to achieve the necessary additional financing, then we plan to reduce the amounts that we spend on our business activities and administrative expenses in order to be within the amount of capital resources that are available to us.      Contractual Obligations      As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations.      Going Concern      We have suffered recurring losses from operations and are dependent on our ability to raise capital from stockholders or other sources to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. In their report on our audited financial statements for the year ended May 31, 2016, our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosure describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure by our independent auditors.      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, and capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders.      Critical Accounting Policies        Basis of Presentation      The financial statements of our company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in US dollars.   Accounting Basis      Our company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP  accounting). Our company has adopted a May 31 fiscal year end.              Cash and Cash Equivalents      Our company considers all highly liquid investments with the original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Our company had $2,153 of cash as of August 31, 2016 and $3,306 of cash as of May 31, 2016.        Fair Value of Financial Instruments      Our company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents and amounts due to shareholder. The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these financial statements.        Website Development Costs      Website development costs consist of costs incurred to develop internet websites to promote, advertise, and earn revenue with respect to our company s business operations. Costs are amortized on a straight line basis over 3 years from when the internet web site has been completed.        Income Taxes      Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized.        Use of Estimates      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.        Revenue Recognition      Our company recognizes revenue when products are fully delivered or services have been provided and collection is reasonably assured.        Stock-Based Compensation      Stock-based compensation is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 718. To date, our company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options.        Basic Income (Loss) Per Share      Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing our company s net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing our company s net income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. There are no such common stock equivalents outstanding as of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016.           Recent Accounting Pronouncements      Our company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.         Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 4. Controls and Procedures        Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures      We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     As of the end of our quarter covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in providing reasonable assurance in the reliability of our reports as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting      During the period covered by this report there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.             PART II - OTHER INFORMATION         Item 1. Legal Proceedings       We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.         Item 1A. Risk Factors       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       None.        Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.       Item 5. Other Information       None.              Item 6. Exhibits                Exhibit Number        Description        (3)        Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws       3.1      Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 6, 2013)      3.2      Bylaws (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 6, 2013)      3.3      Certificate of Change (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2014)      3.4      Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2014)       (10)        Material Contracts       10.1      Web Site Design Agreement between our company and Smart Creations (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 6, 2013)      10.2      License Assignment Agreement dated January 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2015)      10.3      Exclusive License Agreement dated December 16, 2015 between the Company and Biomatrix Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2016)       (31)        Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certifications        31.1*        Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer        31.2*        Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer        (32)        Section 1350 Certifications        32.1*        Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer        32.2*        Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer                   101*        Interactive Data File       101.INS      XBRL Instance Document      101.SCH      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document      101.CAL      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document      101.DEF      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document      101.LAB      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document      101.PRE      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document       _________    * Filed herewith.                SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                SCIENCE TO CONSUMERS, INC.           (Registrant)                              Dated: October 26, 2016    By:     /s/ Vitaliy Gorelik                 Vitaliy Gorelik                President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Director               (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)                                               Dated: October 26, 2016    By:     /s/ Edwon Lam                 Edwon Lam                Chief Executive Officer               (Principal Executive Officer)                      

<EX-31.1>
 2
 beut_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   beut_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Edwon Lam, certify that:            1.   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Science to Consumers, Inc..;                 2    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                 3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                 4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                        (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                     (a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                           (b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.             Date:  October 26, 2016              /s/ Edwon Lam          Edwon Lam         Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 beut_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   beut_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Vitaliy Gorelik, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Science to Consumers, Inc..;               2   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                 3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                 4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                        (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                     (a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                           (b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.             Date:  October 26, 2016              /s/ Vitaliy Gorelik          Vitaliy Gorelik         President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)            

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 beut_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   beut_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Edwon Lam, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:            (1)    the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Science to Consumers, Inc.. for the period ended August 31, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and               (2)    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Science to Consumers, Inc.                    Dated: October 26, 2016    By:     /s/ Edwon Lam               Edwon Lam                Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)               Science to Consumers, Inc.           A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Science to Consumers, Inc. and will be retained by Science to Consumers, Inc.. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.      

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 beut_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   beut_ex322.htm      EXHIBIT 32.2      CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Vitaliy Gorelik, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:            (1)    the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Science to Consumers, Inc.. for the period ended August 31, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and               (2)    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Science to Consumers, Inc.                    Dated: October 26, 2016    By:     /s/ Vitaliy Gorelik               Vitaliy Gorelik                President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)               Science to Consumers, Inc.           A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Science to Consumers, Inc. and will be retained by Science to Consumers, Inc.. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.      

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 beut-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 beut-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 beut-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 beut-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 beut-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 beut-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

