<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1633651_0001633651-16-000071_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8472570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192049</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>476964</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2698362</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3582612</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1371918</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001633651-16-000071.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102161513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001633651-16-000071
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tallgrass Energy GP, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001633651
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37365
		FILM NUMBER:		161967980

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4200 W. 115TH STREET, SUITE 350
		CITY:			LEAWOOD
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		913-928-6060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4200 W. 115TH STREET, SUITE 350
		CITY:			LEAWOOD
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001633651-16-000071.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 tegp201693010q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

Commission file number 001-37365 

Tallgrass Energy GP, LP 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(913) 928-6060 
  (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  On   November 2, 2016  , the Registrant had   47,725,000   Class A shares and   109,504,440   Class B shares outstanding. 

TALLGRASS ENERGY GP, LP 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                  PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    1 
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
    1 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
    1 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
    2 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
    3 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY  
    5 
       NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    6 
       Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    29 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    44 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    45 
       PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
    46 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    46 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors   
    46 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    46 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    46 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    46 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    46 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    46 
       SIGNATURES  
    47 

Glossary of Common Industry and Measurement Terms 
  Bakken oil production area:   Montana and North Dakota in the United States and Saskatchewan and Manitoba in Canada. 
  Barrel (or bbl):   forty two U.S. gallons.  
  Base Gas (or Cushion Gas):   the volume of gas that is intended as permanent inventory in a storage reservoir to maintain adequate pressure and deliverability rates. 
  BBtu:   one billion British Thermal Units. 
  Bcf:   one billion cubic feet. 
  British Thermal Units or Btus:   the amount of heat energy needed to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. 
  Commodity sensitive contracts or arrangements:   contracts or other arrangements, including tariff provisions, that directly expose our cash flows to increases and decreases in the price of commodities such as crude oil, natural gas and NGLs. Examples are Keep Whole Processing Contracts and Percent of Proceeds Processing Contracts, as well as pipeline loss allowances on our pipelines. 
  Condensate:   a NGL with a low vapor pressure, mainly composed of propane, butane, pentane and heavier hydrocarbon fractions. 
  Contract barrels:   barrels of crude oil that our customers have contractually agreed to ship in exchange for firm service assurance of capacity and deliverability to delivery points. 
  Delivery point:   any point at which product in a pipeline is delivered to or for the account of a customer. 
  Dry gas:   a gas primarily composed of methane and ethane where heavy hydrocarbons and water either do not exist or have been removed through processing. 
  Dth:   a dekatherm, which is a unit of energy equal to 10 therms or one million British thermal units. 
  End-user markets:   the ultimate users and consumers of transported energy products. 
  EPA:   the United States Environmental Protection Agency. 
  FERC:   Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
  Firm fee contracts:   firm fee contracts generally obligate our customers to pay a fixed recurring charge to reserve an agreed upon amount of capacity and/or deliverability on our assets, regardless if the contracted capacity is actually used by the customer. Such contracts are also commonly known as "take-or-pay" contracts. 
  Firm services:   services pursuant to which customers receive firm assurances regarding the availability of capacity and/or deliverability of natural gas, crude oil or other hydrocarbons or water on our assets up to a contracted amount. 
  Fractionation:   the process by which NGLs are further separated into individual, typically more valuable components including ethane, propane, butane, isobutane and natural gasoline.  
  GAAP:   generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
  GHGs:   greenhouse gases. 
  Header system:   networks of medium-to-large-diameter high pressure pipelines that connect local gathering systems to large diameter high pressure long-haul transportation pipelines. 
  Interruptible services:   services pursuant to which customers receive limited, or no, assurances regarding the availability of capacity and deliverability in our assets. 
  Keep Whole Processing Contracts:    natural gas processing contracts in which we are required to replace the Btu content of the NGLs extracted from inlet wet gas processed with purchased dry natural gas. 
  Line fill:   the volume of oil, in barrels, in the pipeline from the origin to the destination. 

Liquefied natural gas or LNG:   natural gas that has been cooled to minus 161 degrees Celsius for transportation, typically by ship. The cooling process reduces the volume of natural gas by 600 times. 
  Local distribution company or LDC:   LDCs are involved in the delivery of natural gas to consumers within a specific geographic area. 
  Long-term:   with respect to any contract, a contract with an initial duration greater than one year. 
  MMBtu:   one million British Thermal Units. 
  Mcf:   one thousand cubic feet. 
  MMcf:   one million cubic feet. 
  Natural gas liquids or NGLs:   those hydrocarbons in natural gas that are separated from the natural gas as liquids through the process of absorption, condensation, adsorption or other methods in natural gas processing or cycling plants. Generally such liquids consist of propane and heavier hydrocarbons and are commonly referred to as lease condensate, natural gasoline and liquefied petroleum gases. Natural gas liquids include natural gas plant liquids (primarily ethane, propane, butane and isobutane) and lease condensate (primarily pentanes produced from natural gas at lease separators and field facilities). 
  Natural Gas Processing:   the separation of natural gas into pipeline-quality natural gas and a mixed NGL stream.  
  Non-contract barrels (or walk-up barrels):   barrels of crude oil that our customers ship based solely on availability of capacity and deliverability with no assurance of future capacity. 
  No-notice service:   those services pursuant to which customers receive the right to transport or store natural gas on assets outside of the daily nomination cycle without incurring penalties. 
  NYMEX:   New York Mercantile Exchange. 
  Park and loan services:   those services pursuant to which customers receive the right to store natural gas in (park), or borrow gas from (loan), our facilities on a seasonal basis. 
  Percent of Proceeds Processing Contracts:   natural gas processing contracts in which we process our customer's natural gas, sell the resulting NGLs and residue gas and divide the proceeds of those sales between us and the customer. Some percent of proceeds contracts may also require our customers to pay a monthly reservation fee for processing capacity. 
  PHMSA:   the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. 
  Play:   a proven geological formation that contains commercial amounts of hydrocarbons. 
  Produced water:   all water removed from a well as a byproduct of the production of hydrocarbons and water removed from a well in connection with operations being conducted on the well, including naturally occurring water in the recovery formation, flow back water recovered during completion and fracturing operations and water entering the recovery formation through water flooding techniques. 
  Receipt point:   the point where a product is received by or into a gathering system, processing facility, or transportation pipeline. 
  Reservoir:   a porous and permeable underground formation containing an individual and separate natural accumulation of producible hydrocarbons (such as crude oil and/or natural gas) which is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is characterized by a single natural pressure system. 
  Residue gas:   the natural gas remaining after being processed or treated. 
  Shale gas:   natural gas produced from organic (black) shale formations. 
  Tailgate:   the point at which processed natural gas and NGLs leave a processing facility for transportation to end-user markets. 
  TBtu:   one trillion British Thermal Units. 
  Tcf:   one trillion cubic feet. 

Throughput:   the volume of products, such as crude oil, natural gas or water, transported or passing through a pipeline, plant, terminal or other facility during a particular period. 
  Uncommitted shippers (or walk-up shippers):   customers that have not signed long-term shipper contracts and have rights under the FERC tariff as to rates and capacity allocation that are different than long-term committed shippers. 
  Volumetric fee contracts:   volumetric fee contracts generally obligate a customer to pay fees based upon the extent to which such customer utilizes our assets for midstream energy services. Unlike firm fee contracts, under volumetric fee contracts our customers are not generally required to pay a charge to reserve an agreed upon amount of capacity and/or deliverability. 
  Wellhead:   the equipment at the surface of a well that is used to control the well's pressure; also, the point at which the hydrocarbons and water exit the ground. 
  Working gas:   the volume of gas in the storage reservoir that is in addition to the cushion or base gas. It may or may not be completely withdrawn during any particular withdrawal season. Conditions permitting, the total working capacity could be used more than once during any season. 
  Working gas storage capacity:   the maximum volume of natural gas that can be cost-effectively injected into a storage facility and extracted during the normal operation of the storage facility. Effective working gas storage capacity excludes base gas and non-cycling working gas. 
  X/d:   the applicable measurement metric per day. For example, MMcf/d means one million cubic feet per day. 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
  TALLGRASS ENERGY GP, LP 
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  1 

TALLGRASS ENERGY GP, LP 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  2 

TALLGRASS ENERGY GP, LP 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  3 

Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Property, plant and equipment acquired via the cash management agreement with Tallgrass Development, LP 
    $ 

$ 
    120,254 
      
      Contributions from noncontrolling interests settled via the cash management agreement with Tallgrass Development, LP 
    $ 

$ 
    43,401 
      
      Distribution to noncontrolling interests settled via the cash management agreement with Tallgrass Development, LP 
    $ 

$ 
    44,142 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  4 

TALLGRASS ENERGY GP, LP 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  5 

TALLGRASS ENERGY GP, LP 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
   
  1.	Description of Business 
  Tallgrass Energy GP, LP ("TEGP" or the "Partnership") is a limited partnership that has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. TEGP was formed as part of the reorganization of entities controlled by Tallgrass Equity, LLC ("Tallgrass Equity") to effect the initial public offering of Class A shares of TEGP (the "Offering"), which was completed on May 12, 2015. TEGP's sole cash-generating asset is an approximate   30.35%   controlling membership interest in Tallgrass Equity. Tallgrass Equity's sole cash-generating assets consist of direct and indirect partnership interests in Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP ("TEP") as described below: 
             
    100%   of the outstanding membership interests in Tallgrass MLP GP, LLC ("TEP GP"), which owns the general partner interest in TEP as well as all of the TEP incentive distribution rights ("IDRs"). The general partner interest in TEP is represented by   834,391   general partner units, representing an approximate   1.13%   general partner interest in TEP at   September 30, 2016  . 
      The term "TEGP Predecessor" refers to TEGP, as recast to show the effects of the reorganization, for the periods prior to completion of the Offering on May 12, 2015. "We," "us," "our" and similar terms refer to TEGP together with its consolidated subsidiaries or to TEGP Predecessor together with its consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires, including, in both cases, Tallgrass Equity and TEP (and their respective subsidiaries). 
  TEP is a publicly traded, growth-oriented limited partnership formed to own, operate, acquire and develop midstream energy assets in North America. TEP currently provides crude oil transportation to customers in Wyoming, Colorado, and the surrounding regions through Tallgrass Pony Express Pipeline, LLC ("Pony Express"), which owns a crude oil pipeline commencing in Guernsey, Wyoming and terminating in Cushing, Oklahoma that includes a lateral in Northeast Colorado that commences in Weld County, Colorado, and interconnects with the pipeline just east of Sterling, Colorado (the "Pony Express System"). TEP provides natural gas transportation and storage services for customers in the Rocky Mountain, Midwest and Appalachian regions of the United States through: (1) TEP's   25%   membership interest in Rockies Express Pipeline LLC ("Rockies Express"), a Delaware limited liability company which owns the Rockies Express Pipeline, a FERC-regulated natural gas pipeline system extending from Opal, Wyoming and Meeker, Colorado to Clarington, Ohio, (2) the Tallgrass Interstate Gas Transmission system, a FERC-regulated natural gas transportation and storage system located in Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska and Wyoming (the "TIGT System"), and (3) the Trailblazer Pipeline system, a FERC-regulated natural gas pipeline system extending from the Colorado and Wyoming border to Beatrice, Nebraska (the "Trailblazer Pipeline"). TEP also provides services for customers in Wyoming at the Casper and Douglas natural gas processing facilities and the West Frenchie Draw natural gas treating facility (collectively, the "Midstream Facilities"), and NGL transportation services in Northeast Colorado. TEP performs water business services in Colorado and Texas through BNN Water Solutions, LLC ("Water Solutions"). TEP's operations are strategically located in and provide services to certain key United States hydrocarbon basins, including the Denver-Julesburg, Powder River, Wind River, Permian and Hugoton-Anadarko Basins and the Niobrara, Mississippi Lime, Eagle Ford, Bakken, Marcellus and Utica shale formations. 
  Our reportable business segments are: 
             
    Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics the ownership and operation of a FERC-regulated crude oil pipeline system; 
                
    Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics the ownership and operation of FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipelines and integrated natural gas storage facilities; and 
                
    Processing   Logistics the ownership and operation of natural gas processing, treating and fractionation facilities, the provision of water business services primarily to the oil and gas exploration and production industry and the transportation of NGLs.  
     
   6 

2.	Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    
  Basis of Presentation 
  These condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were prepared in accordance with the accounting principles contained in the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Accounting Standards Codification, the single source of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP") for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The year-end balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP for annual periods. The condensed consolidated financial statements for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   include all normal, recurring adjustments and disclosures that we believe are necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods. In this report, the Financial Accounting Standards Board is referred to as the FASB and the FASB Accounting Standards Codification is referred to as the Codification or ASC. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 
  Our financial results for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016. The accompanying condensed consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 ("2015 Form 10-K") filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 17, 2016. 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements of TEGP for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   include historical cost basis accounts of the assets of TEGP and were prepared in contemplation of TEGP's initial public offering of Class A shares completed on May 12, 2015 and the acquisition of an approximately   30.35%   interest in Tallgrass Equity as described in   Note 1       Description of Business  , which was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control in accordance with ASC 805. Significant intra-entity items have been eliminated in the presentation. Both TEGP and TEGP Predecessor are considered entities under common control and, as such, the transfer between the entities of the assets and liabilities has been recorded by TEGP at historical cost. TEGP, as used herein, refers to the consolidated financial results and operations for TEGP Predecessor prior to the completion of the Offering and to TEGP thereafter. 
  Net income or loss from consolidated subsidiaries that are not wholly-owned by TEGP is attributed to TEGP and noncontrolling interests. This is done in accordance with substantive profit sharing arrangements, which generally follow the allocation of cash distributions and may not follow the respective ownership percentages held by TEGP. Concurrent with TEP's acquisition of an initial   33.3%   membership interest in Pony Express effective September 1, 2014, TEP, Tallgrass Development, LP ("TD"), and Pony Express entered into the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement of Tallgrass Pony Express Pipeline, LLC ("the Second Amended Pony Express LLC Agreement"), which provided TEP a minimum quarterly preference payment of   $16.65 million   (prorated to approximately   $5.4 million   for the quarter ended September 30, 2014) through the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Effective March 1, 2015 with TEP's acquisition of an additional   33.3%   membership interest in Pony Express, the Second Amended Pony Express LLC Agreement was further amended (as amended, "the Pony Express LLC Agreement") to increase the minimum quarterly preference payment to   $36.65 million   (prorated to approximately   $23.5 million   for the quarter ended March 31, 2015) and extend the term of the preference period through the quarter ended December 31, 2015. The Pony Express LLC Agreement provides that the net income or loss of Pony Express be allocated, to the extent possible, consistent with the allocation of Pony Express cash distributions. Under the terms of the Pony Express LLC Agreement, Pony Express distributions and net income for periods beginning after December 31, 2015 are attributed to TEP and its noncontrolling interests in accordance with the respective ownership interests. 
  
   7 

A variable interest entity ("VIE") is a legal entity that possesses any of the following characteristics: an insufficient amount of equity at risk to finance its activities, equity owners who do not have the power to direct the significant activities of the entity (or have voting rights that are disproportionate to their ownership interest), or equity owners who do not have the obligation to absorb expected losses or the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. Companies are required to consolidate a VIE if they are its primary beneficiary, which is the enterprise that has a variable interest that could be significant to the VIE and the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance. We have presented separately in our condensed consolidated balance sheets, to the extent material, the liabilities of our consolidated VIEs for which creditors do not have recourse to our general credit. Our consolidated VIEs do not have material assets that can only be used to settle specific obligations of the consolidated VIEs. Tallgrass Equity is considered to be a VIE under the applicable authoritative guidance. Based on a qualitative analysis in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance, we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary as we have the right to receive benefits of Tallgrass Equity that could potentially be significant to Tallgrass Equity. Also, as discussed further under "  New Accounting Pronouncements  " below, under the new authoritative guidance effective January 1, 2016, TEP is considered to be a VIE. Based on a qualitative analysis, we have determined that TEP GP is the primary beneficiary of TEP and we continue to consolidate TEP accordingly. Pony Express was considered to be a VIE under the applicable authoritative guidance prior to our acquisition of an additional   31.3%   membership interest effective January 1, 2016. Effective January 1, 2016, Pony Express is no longer considered to be a VIE. We continue to consolidate our membership interest in Pony Express. 
  Use of Estimates 
  Certain amounts included in or affecting these condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated, requiring management to make certain assumptions with respect to values or conditions which cannot be known with certainty at the time the financial statements are prepared. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported for assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses during the reporting period, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods it considers reasonable in the particular circumstances. Nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from these estimates. Any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known.  
  Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
  Revenue Recognition  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09 provides a comprehensive and converged set of principles-based revenue recognition guidelines which supersede the existing industry and transaction-specific standards. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, entities must apply a five step process to (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 also mandates disclosure of sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The disclosure requirements include qualitative and quantitative information about contracts with customers, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. 
  Throughout the first half of 2016, the FASB has issued a series of subsequent updates to the revenue recognition guidance in Topic 606, including ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net), ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, and ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. 
  The amendments in ASU 2014-09, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10, and ASU 2016-12 are effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In light of this recently issued accounting guidance, we have started the process of reviewing our existing revenue contracts. Due to the early stage of this process, we are currently not in a position to estimate the impact the guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. We expect to adopt the new standard on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective approach. This approach allows us to apply the new standard to (i) all new contracts entered into after January 1, 2018 and (ii) all existing contracts as of January 1, 2018 through a cumulative adjustment to equity. Consolidated revenues for periods prior to January 1, 2018 would not be revised. 
  
   8 

ASU No. 2015-11, "Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory" 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330), Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. ASU 2015-11 establishes a "lower of cost and net realizable value" model for the measurement of most inventory balances. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. 
  The amendments in ASU 2015-11 are effective for public entities for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-11, but do not anticipate a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)" 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 provides a comprehensive update to the lease accounting topic in the Codification intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments in ASU 2016-02 include a revised definition of a lease as well as certain scope exceptions. The changes primarily impact lessee accounting, while lessor accounting is largely unchanged from previous GAAP.  
  The amendments in ASU 2016-02 are effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and for interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02. 
  ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Among other changes, ASU 2016-09 allows an entity to make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards expected to vest (consistent with current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur.  
  The amendments in ASU 2016-09 are effective for public entities for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09, but do not anticipate a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted 
  ASU No. 2016-15, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments" 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 provides explicit guidance on accounting for eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity in practice, including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of certain debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle.  
  The amendments in ASU 2016-015 are effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. We adopted the standard effective January 1, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2016-15 did not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
  ASU No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes" 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. The amendments in this update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. 
  The amendments in ASU 2015-17 are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
  
   9 

ASU No. 2015-16, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments" 
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. ASU 2015-16 simplifies the accounting for measurement-period adjustments for provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by eliminating the requirement for an acquirer to retrospectively account for measurement-period adjustments. Under the updated guidance, the acquirer must recognize adjustments in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined and the effect on earnings as a result of the change to the provisional amounts must be calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. 
  The amendments in ASU 2015-16 are effective for public entities for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-16 did not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
  ASU No. 2015-02, "Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis" 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810) - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. ASU 2015-02 modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and other similar legal entities are considered VIEs or voting interest entities, eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, and changes certain aspects of the consolidation analysis for reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly for those with fee arrangements and related party relationships. 
  The amendments in ASU 2015-02 are effective for public entities for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
  ASU No. 2014-12, "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period" 
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. ASU 2014-12 provides explicit guidance on accounting for share-based payments requiring a specific performance target to be achieved in order for employees to become eligible to vest in the awards when that performance target may be achieved after the requisite service period for the award. The ASU requires that such performance targets be treated as a performance condition, and should not be reflected in the estimate of the grant-date fair value of the award. Instead, compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved.  
  ASU 2014-12 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 did not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
   
  3.	Variable Interest Entities    
  As discussed in   Note 2       Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  ,   upon adoption of the accounting guidance in ASU 2015-02 effective January 1, 2016, we determined that TEP is a VIE of which TEP GP, our consolidated subsidiary, is the primary beneficiary. We continue to consolidate TEP accordingly. We have not provided any additional financial support and have no contractual commitments or obligations to provide additional financial support to TEP. 
  TEGP, as the managing member of Tallgrass Equity, has voting rights disproportionate to its ownership interest. As a result, we have determined that Tallgrass Equity is a VIE of which we are the primary beneficiary and we consolidate Tallgrass Equity accordingly. We have not provided any additional financial support to Tallgrass Equity other than our initial capital contribution to acquire a portion of the approximate   30.35%   controlling interest in Tallgrass Equity and have no contractual commitments or obligations to provide additional financial support to Tallgrass Equity. 
  Pony Express was considered to be a VIE under the applicable authoritative guidance prior to our acquisition of an additional   31.3%   membership interest effective January 1, 2016. Effective January 1, 2016, Pony Express is no longer considered to be a VIE. We continue to consolidate our membership interest in Pony Express. 
  Other than TEGP's deferred tax asset of approximately   $439.6 million   and   $452.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, the assets and liabilities included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   represent the consolidated assets and liabilities of Tallgrass Equity, including the assets and liabilities of TEP and Pony Express. 
  
   10 

4.	Acquisitions 
  Acquisition of a   25%   Membership Interest in Rockies Express Pipeline LLC 
  On March 29, 2016, TD's indirect wholly owned subsidiary Rockies Express Holdings, LLC ("REX Holdings") signed a purchase agreement (the "REX Purchase Agreement") with a unit of Sempra U.S. Gas and Power ("Sempra") to acquire Sempra's   25%   membership interest in Rockies Express for cash consideration of   $440 million  , subject to adjustment under the REX Purchase Agreement. 
  On April 28, 2016, we announced that TD offered TEP the right to assume the rights and obligations of REX Holdings under the REX Purchase Agreement. On May 6, 2016, TEP REX Holdings, LLC ("TEP REX"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TEP, and REX Holdings entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement pursuant to which REX Holdings assigned to TEP REX all of its rights under the REX Purchase Agreement and, in exchange, TEP REX assumed all of the rights and obligations of REX Holdings under the REX Purchase Agreement. Subsequently on May 6, 2016, TEP REX closed the purchase of a   25%   membership interest in Rockies Express from Sempra pursuant to the REX Purchase Agreement for cash consideration of approximately   $436.0 million  , after making the adjustments to the purchase price required by the REX Purchase Agreement. 
  Our investment in Rockies Express is recorded under the equity method of accounting and reported as "Unconsolidated investment" on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. As of May 6, 2016, the difference between the fair value of our investment in Rockies Express of   $436.0 million   and the book value of the underlying net assets of approximately   $840.7 million   results in a negative basis difference of approximately   $404.7 million  . The basis difference has been allocated to property, plant and equipment and long-term debt based on their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The amount of the basis difference allocated to property, plant and equipment is accreted over   35 years  , which equates to the   2.86%   composite depreciation rate utilized by Rockies Express to depreciate the underlying property, plant and equipment. The amount allocated to long-term debt is amortized over the remaining life of the various debt facilities. The basis difference at   September 30, 2016   was allocated as follows: 

During the period from May 6, 2016 to   September 30, 2016  , we recognized equity in earnings from Rockies Express of   $35.4 million  , inclusive of the amortization of the negative basis difference discussed above, and received distributions from and made contributions to Rockies Express of   $51.5 million   and   $35.5 million  , respectively. 
  Summarized financial information for Rockies Express is as follows: 

11 

Acquisition of Additional   31.3%   Membership Interest in Pony Express 
  Effective January 1, 2016, TEP acquired an additional   31.3%   membership interest in Pony Express in exchange for cash consideration of   $475 million   and   6,518,000   TEP common units (valued at approximately   $268.6 million   based on the December 31, 2015 closing price of TEP's common units) issued to TD for total consideration of approximately   $743.6 million  . The transaction increased TEP's aggregate membership interest in Pony Express to   98.0%  . As part of the transaction, TD granted TEP an   18   month call option covering the newly issued   6,518,000   common units at a price of   $42.50  . On the effective date of the acquisition, the call option was valued at   $46.0 million  . As discussed in   Note 9       Risk Management  ,   on July 21, 2016, TEP partially exercised the option covering   3,563,146   of the common units. On October 31, 2016, TEP partially exercised the option covering   1,251,760   of the common units, leaving   1,703,094   remaining common units subject to the call option as of   November 2, 2016  . As a result of the partial exercise on July 21, 2016, TEP derecognized a portion of the derivative asset balance, recognizing approximately   $25.9 million   through equity during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  The acquisition of the additional   31.3%   membership interest in Pony Express represents a transaction between entities under common control and an acquisition of noncontrolling interests. As a result, financial information for periods prior to the transaction has not been recast to reflect the additional   31.3%   membership interest. 
  Cash outflows to acquire an additional noncontrolling interest in Pony Express are classified as an investing activity in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of cash flows to the extent the consideration paid was used to directly fund the construction of the underlying assets by the noncontrolling member. Cash outflows to acquire an additional noncontrolling interest in excess of the cost to construct the underlying assets are classified as financing activities. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   $49.1 million   of the   $475 million   paid to acquire the additional   31.3%   membership interest in Pony Express was classified as an investing activity and   $425.9 million   was classified as a financing activity. 
  TEP Acquisition of BNN Western, LLC 
  On December 16, 2015, Whiting Oil and Gas Corporation ("Whiting"), BNN Redtail, LLC ("Redtail"), and BNN Western, LLC ("Western"), a newly formed Delaware limited liability company, entered into a definitive Transfer, Purchase and Sale Agreement, pursuant to which Redtail acquired   100%   of the outstanding membership interests of Western from Whiting in exchange for total cash consideration of   $75 million  . Western's assets consist of a fresh water delivery and storage system and produced water gathering and produced water disposal system, which together comprise   62   miles of pipeline along with associated fresh water ponds and disposal wells. As part of the transaction with Whiting, Whiting also executed a   five  -year fresh water service contract and a   nine  -year gathering and disposal contract. 
  At December 31, 2015, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition were recorded at provisional amounts based on the preliminary purchase price allocation. The   $75 million   purchase price of the assets was allocated entirely to property, plant and equipment. No adjustments were made to these provisional amounts and the allocation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition was considered final as of September 30, 2016. 
  TEGP's unaudited pro forma revenue and net income attributable to partners for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   is presented below as if the acquisition of Western had been completed on January 1, 2015: 

The pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations or financial position of TEGP would have been if the transactions had in fact occurred on the date or for the period indicated, nor do they purport to project the results of operations or financial position of TEGP for any future periods or as of any date. The pro forma financial information does not give effect to any cost savings, operating synergies, or revenue enhancements expected to result from the transactions or the costs to achieve these cost savings, operating synergies, and revenue enhancements. The pro forma revenue and net income includes adjustments to give effect to TEGP's consolidated interest in the estimated results of operations of Western for the periods presented. 
  Acquisition of Additional Membership Interest in Water Solutions 
  On July 1, 2016, TEP acquired the remaining   8%   noncontrolling equity interest in Water Solutions and additional interests in certain of Water Solutions' subsidiaries from Regency Investments I, LLC and BSEG Water Group LLC for total cash consideration of   $6.0 million  , which will be accounted for as an acquisition of noncontrolling interest. Subsequent to the closing of the transaction, our aggregate membership interest in Water Solutions is   100%  . 
  
   12 

5.	Related Party Transactions    
  We have no employees. TD, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Tallgrass Operations, LLC ("Tallgrass Operations"), provided and charged us for direct and indirect costs of services provided to us or incurred on our behalf including employee labor costs, information technology services, employee health and retirement benefits, and all other expenses necessary or appropriate to the conduct of our business. We recorded these costs on the accrual basis in the period in which TD incurred them. On May 17, 2013, in connection with the closing of TEP's initial public offering, TEP and its general partner entered into an Omnibus Agreement with TD and certain of its affiliates, including Tallgrass Operations (the "TEP Omnibus Agreement"). The TEP Omnibus Agreement provides that, among other things, TEP will reimburse TD and its affiliates for all expenses they incur and payments they make on TEP's behalf, including the costs of employee and director compensation and benefits as well as the cost of the provision of certain centralized corporate functions performed by TD, including legal, accounting, cash management, insurance administration and claims processing, risk management, health, safety and environmental, information technology and human resources in each case to the extent reasonably allocable to TEP. In addition, in connection with the closing of the Offering, TEGP entered into an Omnibus Agreement (the "TEGP Omnibus Agreement") with TEGP Management, LLC, Tallgrass Equity and Tallgrass Energy Holdings, LLC (which acts as the general partner of TD). 
  Pursuant to the TEGP Omnibus Agreement, Tallgrass Equity pays a reimbursement to TD for costs associated with TEGP being a public company beginning in the second quarter of 2015, which was   $500,000   for the   third quarter   of   2016  . This amount will be periodically reviewed and adjusted as necessary to continue to reflect reasonable allocation of costs to TEGP. 
  There was no interest income from TD recognized for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we recognized interest income from TD of   $0.4 million   on the receivable balance under the Pony Express cash management agreement in effect through December 31, 2015.  
  Transactions with affiliated companies, excluding transactions otherwise disclosed, are as follows: 

(1)   
    Charges to TEGP, inclusive of Tallgrass Equity, TEP, and Pony Express, include directly charged wages and salaries, other compensation and benefits, and shared services. 
     Details of balances with affiliates included in "Accounts receivable, net" and "Accounts payable to related parties" in the condensed consolidated balance sheets are as follows: 

13 

Balances of gas imbalances with affiliated shippers are as follows: 

6.	Inventory    
  The components of inventory at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following: 

7.	Property, Plant and Equipment    
  A summary of net property, plant and equipment by classification is as follows: 

8.	Goodwill    
  Annual Goodwill Impairment Analysis 
  We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation for impairment. Examples of such facts and circumstances include changes in the magnitude of the excess of fair value over carrying amount in the last valuation or changes in the business environment. Our annual impairment testing date is August 31. We evaluate goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is an operating segment as defined in the segment reporting guidance of the Codification, using either the qualitative assessment option or the two-step test approach depending on facts and circumstances of the reporting unit. If we, after performing the qualitative assessment, determine it is  more likely than not  that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. When goodwill is evaluated for impairment using the two-step test, the carrying amount of the reporting unit is compared to its fair value in Step 1 and if the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, Step 2 is unnecessary. If the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, this could indicate potential impairment and Step 2 of the goodwill evaluation process is required to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize, if any. When Step 2 is necessary, the fair value of individual assets and liabilities is determined using valuations, or other observable sources of fair value, as appropriate. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, the excess is recognized as an impairment loss. 
  
   14 

We did not elect to apply the qualitative assessment option during our 2016 annual goodwill impairment testing; instead we proceeded directly to the two-step quantitative test. In Step 1 of the two-step quantitative test, we compared the fair value of each reporting unit with its respective book value, including goodwill, by using an income approach based on a discounted cash flow analysis. For the purpose of goodwill impairment testing, goodwill was allocated to our reporting units based on the enterprise value of each reporting unit at the date of acquisition. The fair value of each reporting unit was determined on a stand-alone basis from the perspective of a market participant and included a sensitivity analysis of the impact of changes in various assumptions. This approach required us to make long-term forecasts of future operating results and various other assumptions and estimates, the most significant of which are gross margin, operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, long-term growth rates and the weighted average cost of capital. The fair value of the reporting units was determined using significant unobservable inputs, considered Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy in the Codification. For each reporting unit, the results of the Step 1 impairment analysis indicated no potential impairment as the fair value of the reporting units was greater than their respective book values. As a result, in accordance with the Codification guidance, Step 2 of the impairment analysis was not necessary as part of the annual impairment analysis in 2016. Unpredictable events or deteriorating market or operating conditions could result in a future change to the discounted cash flow models and cause impairments in the future. We continue to monitor potential impairment indicators to determine if a triggering event occurs and will perform additional goodwill impairment analyses as necessary. 
   
  9.	Risk Management    
  We occasionally enter into derivative contracts with third parties for the purpose of hedging exposures that accompany our normal business activities. Our normal business activities directly and indirectly expose us to risks associated with changes in the market price of crude oil and natural gas, among other commodities. For example, the risks associated with changes in the market price of crude oil and natural gas include, among others (i) pre-existing or anticipated physical crude oil and natural gas sales, (ii) natural gas purchases and (iii) natural gas system use and storage. We have elected not to apply hedge accounting and changes in the fair value of all derivative contracts are recorded in earnings in the period in which the change occurs.  
  Fair Value of Derivative Contracts 
  The following table summarizes the fair values of our derivative contracts included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets: 

(1)   
    As discussed in   Note 4       Acquisitions  , in conjunction with TEP's acquisition of an additional   31.3%   membership interest in Pony Express effective January 1, 2016, TD granted TEP an   18   month call option covering the   6,518,000   common units issued to TD. 
               (2)   
    As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value shown for natural gas derivative contracts was comprised of derivative volumes for short natural gas fixed-price swaps totaling   0.8   Bcf. As of   December 31, 2015   there were no natural gas derivative contracts outstanding. 
      
   15 

Effect of Derivative Contracts in the Statements of Income 
  The following table summarizes the impact of derivative contracts for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  : 

Exercise of Call Option 
  On   July 21, 2016  , TEP partially exercised the call option granted by TD in January 2016 as discussed in   Note 4       Acquisitions   covering   3,563,146   common units for a cash payment of   $151.4 million  . On October 31, 2016, TEP partially exercised the call option again covering an additional   1,251,760   common units for a cash payment of   $53.2 million  . These common units were deemed canceled upon the exercise of the call option and as of such exercise date were no longer issued and outstanding. As of   November 2, 2016  ,   1,703,094   common units remained subject to the call option. 
  Credit Risk 
  We have counterparty credit risk as a result of our use of derivative contracts. Counterparties to our crude oil and natural gas derivatives consist of major financial institutions. This concentration of counterparties may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that the counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions. The counterparty to our call option derivative is TD.  
  Our over-the-counter swaps are entered into with counterparties outside central trading organizations such as futures, options or stock exchanges. These contracts are with financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings. While we enter into derivative transactions principally with investment grade counterparties and actively monitor their credit ratings, it is nevertheless possible that from time to time losses will result from counterparty credit risk in the future. As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of our crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts were a liability, resulting in no credit exposure from TEP's counterparties as of that date. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we did not have any outstanding letters of credit or cash in margin accounts in support of our hedging of commodity price risks associated with the sale of natural gas nor did we have any margin deposits with counterparties associated with natural gas contract positions. 
  Fair Value 
  Derivative assets and liabilities are measured and reported at fair value. Derivative contracts can be exchange-traded or over-the-counter ("OTC"). Exchange-traded derivative contracts typically fall within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy if they are traded in an active market. We value exchange-traded derivative contracts using quoted market prices for identical securities. 
  OTC commodity derivatives are valued using models utilizing a variety of inputs including contractual terms and commodity and interest rate curves. The selection of a particular model and particular inputs to value an OTC derivative contract depends upon the contractual terms of the instrument as well as the availability of pricing information in the market. We use similar models to value similar instruments. For OTC derivative contracts that trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards and swaps, model inputs can generally be verified and model selection does not involve significant management judgment. Such contracts are typically classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The call option granted by TD is valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Key inputs to the valuation model include the term of the option, risk free rate, the exercise price and current market price, expected volatility and expected distribution yield of the underlying units. The call option valuation is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as the value is based on significant observable inputs. 
  
   16 

Certain OTC derivative contracts trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information; as such, the determination of fair value for these derivative contracts is inherently more difficult. Such contracts are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The valuations of these less liquid OTC derivatives are typically impacted by Level 1 and/or Level 2 inputs that can be observed in the market, as well as unobservable Level 3 inputs. Use of a different valuation model or different valuation input values could produce a significantly different estimate of fair value. However, derivative contracts valued using inputs unobservable in active markets are generally not material to our financial statements. When appropriate, valuations are adjusted for various factors including credit considerations. Such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management's best estimate is used. 
  The following table summarizes the fair value measurements of our derivative contracts as of   September 30, 2016   based on the fair value hierarchy established by the Codification: 

Asset Fair Value Measurements Using 
        
    Total 
      
    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1) 
      
    Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) 
      
    Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
        
    (in thousands) 
      As of September 30, 2016: 

Call option derivative 
    $ 
    25,690 

$ 

$ 
    25,690 

$ 

Liability Fair Value Measurements Using 
        
    Total 
      
    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1) 
      
    Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) 
      
    Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
        
    (in thousands) 
      As of September 30, 2016: 

Natural gas derivative contracts 
    $ 
    190 

$ 

$ 
    190 

$ 

Crude oil derivative contract 
    $ 
    7 

$ 

$ 
    7 

$ 

10.	Long-term Debt    
  Long-term debt consisted of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :   

(1)   
    Deferred financing costs, net as presented above relate solely to the 2024 Notes. Deferred financing costs associated with our revolving credit facility are presented in noncurrent assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
     TEP Senior Unsecured Notes 
  On September 1, 2016, TEP and Tallgrass Energy Finance Corp. (the "Co-Issuer" and together with TEP, the "Issuers"), the Guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, entered into an Indenture dated September 1, 2016 (the "Indenture"), pursuant to which the Issuers issued   $400 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.50%   senior notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes"). TEP used the net proceeds of the offering to repay outstanding borrowings under its existing senior secured revolving credit facility. 
  
   17 

The 2024 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Issuers. The 2024 Notes are unconditionally guaranteed jointly and severally on a senior unsecured basis by TEP's existing direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries (other than the Co-Issuer) and certain of TEP's future subsidiaries (the "Guarantors"). The 2024 Notes rank equal in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Issuers, and senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the Issuers. The 2024 Notes will mature on September 15, 2024 and interest on the 2024 Notes is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September 15, commencing March 15, 2017. TEP may redeem the 2024 Notes prior to their scheduled maturity at the applicable redemption price set forth in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
  The Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit TEP's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: (i) incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred units; (ii) create liens to secure indebtedness; (iii) pay distributions on equity interests, repurchase equity securities or redeem subordinated securities; (iv) make investments; (v) restrict distributions, loans or other asset transfers from TEP's restricted subsidiaries; (vi) consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of TEP's properties to, another person; (vii) sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including equity interests in subsidiaries; and (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Issuers and Guarantors are in compliance with the covenants required under the 2024 Notes. 
  Tallgrass Equity Revolving Credit Facility 
  The following table sets forth the available borrowing capacity under the Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

In connection with the Offering, Tallgrass Equity entered into a   $150 million   senior secured revolving credit facility with Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders, which will mature on May 12, 2020. Among various other covenants and restrictive provisions, Tallgrass Equity is required to maintain a total leverage ratio of not more than   3.00   to 1.00. As of   September 30, 2016  , Tallgrass Equity was in compliance with the covenants required under the revolving credit facility. 
  The unused portion of the revolving credit facility is subject to a commitment fee of   0.50%  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facility was   3.03%  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , Tallgrass Equity's weighted average effective interest rate, including the interest on outstanding borrowings, commitment fees, and amortization of deferred financing costs, was   3.28%  . 
  TEP Revolving Credit Facility 
  Effective January 4, 2016, in connection with the acquisition of an additional   31.3%   membership interest in Pony Express, TEP exercised the committed accordion feature to increase the total capacity of its revolving credit facility from   $1.1 billion   to   $1.5 billion  . In connection with the acquisition of a   25%   membership interest in Rockies Express, TEP amended its revolving credit facility to increase the total capacity to   $1.75 billion  , which increase became effective May 6, 2016. 
  The following table sets forth the available borrowing capacity under the TEP revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

18 

TEP's revolving credit facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions that, among other things, limit or restrict TEP's ability (as well as the ability of its restricted subsidiaries) to incur or guarantee additional debt, incur certain liens on assets, dispose of assets, make certain distributions (including distributions from available cash, if a default or event of default under the credit agreement then exists or would result from making such a distribution), change the nature of its business, engage in certain mergers or make certain investments and acquisitions, enter into non-arms-length transactions with affiliates and designate certain subsidiaries as "Unrestricted Subsidiaries." In addition, TEP is required to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio of not more than   4.75   to 1.00 (which will be increased to   5.25   to 1.00 for certain measurement periods following the consummation of certain acquisitions) and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than   2.50   to 1.00. As of   September 30, 2016  , TEP is in compliance with the covenants required under its revolving credit facility.  
  The unused portion of TEP's revolving credit facility is subject to a commitment fee, which ranges from   0.300%   to   0.500%  , based on TEP's total leverage ratio. As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the TEP revolving credit facility was   2.28%  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the weighted average effective interest rate under the TEP revolving credit facility, including the interest on outstanding borrowings, commitment fees, and amortization of deferred financing costs, was   2.72%  . 
  Fair Value 
  The following table sets forth the carrying amount and fair value of our long-term debt, which is not measured at fair value in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , but for which fair value is disclosed: 

The long-term debt borrowed under the revolving credit facilities is carried at amortized cost. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of borrowings under the revolving credit facilities approximates the carrying amount of the borrowings using a discounted cash flow analysis. The 2024 Notes are carried at amortized cost, net of deferred financing costs. The estimated fair value of the 2024 Notes is based upon quoted market prices adjusted for illiquid markets. 
  We are not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the estimated fair value subsequent to   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  11.	Partnership Equity and Distributions    
  Tallgrass Development Purchase Program  
  On February 17, 2016, we announced that the Board of Directors of Tallgrass Energy Holdings, LLC, the sole member of TEGP's general partner and the general partner of TD, has authorized an equity purchase program under which TD may initially purchase up to an aggregate of   $100 million   of the outstanding Class A shares of TEGP or the outstanding common units of TEP. TD may purchase Class A shares or Common Units from time to time on the open market or in negotiated purchases. The timing and amounts of any such purchases will be subject to market conditions and other factors, and will be in accordance with applicable securities laws and other legal requirements. The purchase plan does not obligate TD to acquire any specific number of Class A shares or Common Units and may be discontinued at any time. No purchases were made under this program during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  
   19 

TEGP Partnership Agreement and Distributions to Holders of Class A Shares 
  In connection with the Offering on May 12, 2015, TEGP entered into an amended and restated partnership agreement. The partnership agreement requires TEGP to distribute its available cash to Class A shareholders on a quarterly basis, subject to certain terms and conditions, beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2015. The following table details the distributions for the periods indicated: 

(2)   
    The first quarterly distribution declared on July 15, 2015 was prorated for the number of days between the closing of TEGP's initial public offering on May 12, 2015 and the end of the second quarter. 
     Subsidiary Distributions     
  TEP Distributions  . The following table shows the TEP distributions for the periods indicated:   

   TEP Equity Distribution Agreements 
  On October 31, 2014, TEP entered into an equity distribution agreement pursuant to which it may sell from time to time through a group of managers, as its sales agents, common units representing limited partner interests having an aggregate offering price of up to   $200 million  . On May 13, 2015 the amount was subsequently amended to   $100.2 million   in order to account for follow-on equity offerings under TEP's S-3 shelf registration statement. On May 17, 2016, TEP entered into a new equity distribution agreement allowing for the sale of common units with an aggregate offering price of up to   $657.5 million  . Sales of common units, if any, will be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions, to or through a market maker or directly on or through an electronic communication network, a "dark pool" or any similar market venue, or as otherwise agreed by TEP and one or more of the managers. TEP intends to use the net cash proceeds from any sale of the units for general partnership purposes, which may include, among other things, TEP's exercise of the call option with respect to the   6,518,000   common units issued to TD in connection with TEP's acquisition of an additional   31.3%   of Pony Express in January 2016, repayment or refinancing of debt, funding for acquisitions, capital expenditures and additions to working capital.  
  
   20 

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , TEP issued and sold   622,846   common units with a weighted average sales price of   $47.39   per unit under its equity distribution agreements for net cash proceeds of approximately   $28.7 million   (net of approximately   $0.8 million   in commissions and professional service expenses). During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , TEP issued and sold   6,703,984   common units with a weighted average sales price of   $43.98   per unit under its equity distribution agreements for net cash proceeds of approximately   $290.5 million   (net of approximately   $4.4 million   in commissions and professional service expenses). During the period from October 1, 2016 to November 2, 2016, TEP issued and sold an additional   628,914   common units with a weighted average sales price of   $48.05   per unit under its equity distribution agreement for net cash proceeds of approximately   $29.9 million   (net of approximately   $0.3 million   in commissions and professional service expenses). TEP used the net cash proceeds for general partnership purposes as described above. 
  Private Placement 
  On April 28, 2016, TEP issued an aggregate of   2,416,987   common units for net cash proceeds of   $90.0 million   in a private placement transaction to certain funds managed by Tortoise Capital Advisors, L.L.C. The units were subsequently registered pursuant to TEP's Form S-3/A (File No. 333-210976) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016, which became effective May 17, 2016. 
  Noncontrolling Interests 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , noncontrolling interests in our subsidiaries consisted of a   69.65%   interest in Tallgrass Equity held by the Exchange Right Holders, as defined in   Note 12       Net Income per Class A Share  , the   72.50%   limited partner interest in TEP held by TD and the public TEP unitholders and the   2.0%   membership interest in Pony Express held by TD. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recognized contributions from and distributions to noncontrolling interests of   $8.7 million   and   $177.4 million  , respectively. Contributions from noncontrolling interests consisted primarily of contributions from TD to Pony Express. Distributions to noncontrolling interests consisted of distributions to TEP unitholders of   $103.7 million  , Tallgrass Equity distributions to the Exchange Right Holders of   $68.7 million  , and distributions to Pony Express and Water Solutions noncontrolling interests of   $5.0 million  .  
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we received contributions from and made distributions to noncontrolling interests of   $110.6 million   and   $132.4 million  , respectively. Contributions from noncontrolling interest primarily consisted of contributions from TD to Pony Express. Distributions to noncontrolling interests consisted of distributions to TEP unitholders of   $74.8 million  , Tallgrass Equity distributions to Exchange Right Holders of   $13.0 million   and distributions of   $44.5 million   from Pony Express to TD.  
  Other Contributions and Distributions 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , TEP received contributions from TD of   $5.3 million   to indemnify TEP for costs associated with Trailblazer's Pipeline Integrity Management Program, as discussed in   Note 14       Legal and Environmental Matters  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we distributed   $334.1 million   of proceeds from the Offering to the Exchange Right Holders as part of the reorganization of entities effective concurrent with the Offering and distributed   $13.5 million   to the TEGP Predecessor. In addition, we received   $7.5 million   of TEP general partner and IDR distributions received related to periods prior to the Offering which were distributed to the previous owners of the sole member of TEP GP, and   $13.0 million   of TEP distributions received which were distributed by Tallgrass Equity to the Exchange Right Holders. 
   
  12.	Net Income per Class A Share    
  Basic net income per Class A share is determined by dividing net income attributable to TEGP by the weighted average number of outstanding Class A shares during the period. Class B shares do not share in the earnings of the Partnership. Accordingly, basic and diluted net income per Class B share has not been presented. 
  Diluted net income per Class A share is determined by dividing net income attributable to TEGP by the weighted average number of outstanding diluted Class A shares during the period. For purposes of calculating diluted net income per Class A share, we considered the impact of possible future exercises of the Exchange Right by the Exchange Right Holders on both net income attributable to TEGP and the diluted weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding. The Exchange Right Holders refers to the group of persons who collectively own all of TEGP's outstanding Class B shares and an equivalent number of Tallgrass Equity units. The Exchange Right Holders are entitled to exercise the right to exchange their Tallgrass Equity units (together with an equivalent number of TEGP Class B shares) for TEGP Class A shares at an exchange ratio of one TEGP Class A share for each Tallgrass Equity unit exchanged, which we refer to as the Exchange Right. The Exchange Right Holders primarily consist of Kelso   Company and its affiliated investment funds, The Energy   Minerals Group and its affiliated investment funds, and Tallgrass KC, LLC, which is an entity owned by certain members of TEGP's and TEP's management. 
  
   21 

Pursuant to the TEGP partnership agreement and the Tallgrass Equity limited liability company agreement, our capital structure and the capital structure of Tallgrass Equity will generally replicate one another in order to maintain the one-for-one exchange ratio between the Tallgrass Equity units and Class B shares, on the one hand, and our Class A shares, on the other hand. As a result, the potential exchange of any Class B shares does not have a dilutive effect on basic net income per Class A share. 
  The following table illustrates the calculation of basic and diluted net income per Class A share for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

13.	Regulatory Matters    
  There are currently no proceedings challenging the currently effective transportation rates of Pony Express, Rockies Express or Trailblazer Pipeline Company LLC ("Trailblazer"). On October 30, 2015, Tallgrass Interstate Gas Transmission, LLC ("TIGT") filed a general rate case with the FERC pursuant to Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act ("NGA"), discussed in more detail below. Regulators, as well as shippers, do have rights, under circumstances prescribed by applicable law, to challenge the rates that we charge at our regulated entities. Further, applicable law governing service by Pony Express allows parties having standing to file complaints in regard to existing tariff rates and provisions. If the complaint is not resolved, the FERC may conduct a hearing and order a crude oil pipeline like the Pony Express System to make reparations going back for up to two years prior to the date on which a complaint was filed if a rate is found to be unjust and unreasonable. We can provide no assurance that current rates will remain unchallenged. Any successful challenge could have a material, adverse effect on our future earnings and cash flows.  
  
   22 

TIGT 
  General Rate Case Filing   FERC Docket RP16-137 
  On October 30, 2015, TIGT filed a general rate case with the FERC pursuant to Section 4 of the NGA. The rate case proposed a general system-wide increase in the maximum tariff rates for all firm and interruptible services offered by TIGT. In addition, TIGT proposed certain changes to the transportation rate design of its system to replace the current rate zone structure with a single "postage stamp" rate. TIGT also proposed new incremental charges, including (i) a charge for deliveries made to points without certain electronic flow measurement equipment, and (ii) a Cost Recovery Mechanism ("CRM") charge to completely or partially reimburse TIGT for certain costs it incurred to maintain system safety, environmental compliance and reliability. TIGT also proposed to replace its fixed fuel and lost and unaccounted for ("FL U") charge with a FL U tracker that would compensate TIGT for its actual FL U expenses and adjust each year to reflect the previous period's under/over collection and the forecasted FL U expense for the upcoming period. TIGT also proposed to implement a power cost tracker to recover the actual power costs incurred by TIGT to power its compressors. Finally, TIGT proposed certain revisions to its FERC Gas Tariff addressing a number of other rate and non-rate matters. Under the NGA and the FERC's regulations, TIGT's shippers and other interested parties, including the FERC's Trial Staff, had a right to challenge any aspect of TIGT's rate case filing. Accordingly, numerous TIGT customers protested aspects of TIGT's NGA Section 4 rate filing.  
  On November 30, 2015, the FERC issued an order accepting and suspending the proposed rates and certain proposed tariff records to be effective upon motion May 1, 2016, subject to refund, certain modifications to TIGT's proposed CRM charge, and the outcome of an evidentiary hearing before a FERC Administrative Law Judge (the "Suspension Order"). In the Suspension Order, the FERC also accepted two tariff records related to force majeure events and reservation charge crediting to be effective December 1, 2015, subject to certain modifications. On December 21, 2015, TIGT made a compliance filing with the FERC to modify TIGT's proposed CRM charge and update the tariff records related to force majeure events and reservation charge crediting as directed by the FERC in the Suspension Order. No comments or protests were filed in response to the compliance filing and the FERC accepted the compliance filing on February 1, 2016. On March 22, 2016, a Settlement Judge was appointed in the case to assist the participants in exploring the possibility of settlement. On March 31, 2016, the FERC issued an order denying certain rehearing requests concerning the CRM, granting in part a motion to remove certain pro forma tariff records from the hearing, and also requested comments in order to assess the need for a technical conference. The FERC also retained for resolution through hearing the pro forma tariff records related to TIGT's proposed charge at delivery points lacking electronic flow measurement and removed from hearing the other issues related to the pro forma tariff records. Whether any issues will be resolved through technical conference is pending. The FERC also directed TIGT to provide additional information related to certain pro forma tariff records, which TIGT filed on April 14, 2016. On June 23, 2016, the FERC approved the implementation of TIGT's filed postage stamp rates, subject to refund, effective on May 1, 2016. 
  TIGT has reached an agreement in principle with customers representing a majority of firm fee revenue on the TIGT System for the year ended December 31, 2015 to settle all rate related issues set for hearing in its existing FERC rate case, including the issues of a cost recovery mechanism and a non-Electronic Flow Measurement charge. On May 5, 2016, the Acting Chief Administrative Law Judge issued an Order suspending the procedural schedule in the case as a result of the agreement in principle. On June 8, 2016, TIGT filed with the FERC its offer of settlement which resolves all issues in the case, with the exception of certain non-rate related tariff issues which remain subject to the FERC's review and approval. On June 9, 2016, the Presiding Administrative Law Judge issued an Order shortening the period for any comments on the settlement, such that comments were due by June 13, 2016. No adverse comments were filed. The offer of settlement was certified to the FERC by the Administrative Law Judge on July 14, 2016. The Judge found that the settlement is uncontested, presents no issues of first impression, has no FERC policy implications, and appears to be just, reasonable, and in the public interest. The FERC issued an order on November 2, 2016 approving the settlement, finding that it appears to be fair and reasonable and in the public interest.  
  Trailblazer 
  2016 Annual Fuel Tracker Filing   FERC Docket Nos. RP16-814-000 and RP16-814-001 
  On April 1, 2016, Trailblazer made its annual fuel tracker filing with a proposed effective date of May 1, 2016 in Docket No. RP16-814-000. The FERC accepted this filing on April 18, 2016. On May 19, 2016, Trailblazer filed its refund report associated with the April 1, 2016 annual fuel tracker filing, which the FERC accepted on July 11, 2016. 
  On September 7, 2016, Trailblazer filed an adjustment to its April 1, 2016 fuel tracker filing. As a result of this adjustment, Trailblazer proposed to issue additional cash-out refunds to applicable shippers and also reflect this adjustment in its applicable fuel accounts. The FERC accepted this filing on October 3, 2016. On October 14, 2016, Trailblazer filed its refund report associated with its September 7, 2016 adjustment filing. 
  
   23 

Rockies Express 
  Annual FERC Fuel Tracking Filings   FERC Docket Nos. RP16-702-000 and RP16-1301-000 
  On March 1, 2016, Rockies Express made its annual fuel tracker filing with a proposed effective date of April 1, 2016 in Docket No. RP16-702. The FERC issued an order accepting the filing on March 25, 2016. 
  On September 30, 2016, Rockies Express elected to make an interim fuel tracker filing with a proposed effective date of November 1, 2016 in Docket No. RP16-1301-000. This interim filing proposes increases to most applicable fuel and power rates as a result of increased system utilization. On October 12, 2016, certain shippers filed a protest with the FERC regarding the proposed increases. Rockies Express filed a response to the protest on October 20, 2016, to which the shippers replied on October 25, 2016. On October 20, 2016, Rockies Express also filed an errata to rates applicable to a pooling and wheeling service. The FERC set a November 1, 2016 comment deadline on the errata filing. The interim filing remains pending before the FERC. 
  Seneca Lateral Facilities Conversion   FERC Docket No. CP15-102-000 
  On March 2, 2015 in Docket No. CP15-102-000, Rockies Express filed with the FERC an application for (1) authorization to convert certain existing and operating pipeline and compression facilities located in Noble and Monroe Counties, Ohio (Seneca Lateral Facilities described in Docket Nos. CP13-539-000 and CP14-194-000) from Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 Section 311 authority to Natural Gas Act Section 7 jurisdiction, and (2) issuance of a certificate of public convenience and necessity authorizing Rockies Express to operate and maintain the Seneca Lateral Facilities. On April 7, 2016, the FERC issued a Certificate to Rockies Express granting its requested authorizations. As directed by the FERC, Rockies Express filed revised rates for Natural Gas Act service on the Seneca Lateral, and the Seneca Lateral commenced Natural Gas Act service on June 1, 2016. 
  Rockies Express Zone 3 Capacity Enhancement Project   FERC Docket No. CP15-137-000 
  On March 31, 2015 in Docket No. CP15-137-000, Rockies Express filed with the FERC an application for authorization to construct and operate (1) three new mainline compressor stations located in Pickaway and Fayette Counties, Ohio and Decatur County, Indiana; (2) additional compressors at an existing compressor station in Muskingum County, Ohio; and (3) certain ancillary facilities. The proposed facilities will increase the Rockies Express Zone 3 east-to-west mainline capacity by   800,000   Dth/d from receipts at Clarington, Ohio to corresponding deliveries of   520,000   Dth/d and   280,000   Dth/d to Lebanon, Ohio and Moultrie County, Illinois, respectively. Pursuant to the FERC's obligations under the National Environmental Policy Act, FERC staff issued an Environmental Assessment for the project on August 31, 2015. On February 25, 2016, the FERC issued a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity authorizing Rockies Express to proceed with the project. On March 14, 2016, Rockies Express commenced construction of the project facilities. 
   
  14.	Legal and Environmental Matters    
  Legal 
  In addition to the matters discussed below, we are a defendant in various lawsuits arising from the day-to-day operations of our business. Although no assurance can be given, we believe, based on our experiences to date, that the ultimate resolution of such routine items will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We have evaluated claims in accordance with the accounting guidance for contingencies that we deem both probable and reasonably estimable and, accordingly, had no reserve for legal claims as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
  Rockies Express 
  Mineral Management Service Lawsuit 
  On June 30, 2009, Rockies Express filed claims against Mineral Management Service, a former unit of the U.S. Department of Interior (collectively "Interior") for breach of its contractual obligation to sign transportation service agreements for pipeline capacity that it had agreed to take on Rockies Express. The Civilian Board of Contract Appeals ("CBCA") conducted a trial and ruled that Interior was liable for breach of contract, but limited the damages Interior was required to pay. On September 13, 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit issued a decision affirming that Interior was liable for its breach of contract, but reversing the CBCA's decision to limit damages. The case was remanded to the CBCA for the purpose of calculating damages at a hearing. On May 20, 2016, Rockies Express and Interior agreed to resolve the claims in this matter in exchange for a   $65 million   cash payment to Rockies Express. Interior paid the amount due Rockies Express on June 23, 2016. 
  
   24 

Ultra Resources 
  In early 2016, Ultra Resources, Inc. ("Ultra") defaulted on its firm transportation service agreement for approximately   0.2   Bcf/d through November 11, 2019. In late March 2016, Rockies Express terminated Ultra's service agreement. On April 14, 2016, Rockies Express filed a lawsuit against Ultra for breach of contract and damages in Harris County, Texas, in which Rockies Express seeks approximately   $303 million   in damages and other relief. Specifically, Rockies Express has asserted that Ultra owes approximately   $303 million   for past transportation service charges and for reservation charge fees that Rockies Express would have received over the term of the service agreement had Ultra not defaulted, in addition to other amounts owed under law or equity. 
  On April 29, 2016, Ultra and certain of its debtor affiliates filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas. On May 10, 2016, Ultra filed a notice of bankruptcy in the Harris County state court proceeding, which asserted that pursuant to section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of Ultra's Chapter 11 petition operated as a stay of the Harris County state court proceeding. Accordingly, Rockies Express intends to pursue its approximately   $303 million   claim in Ultra's Chapter 11 proceeding. 
  Michels Corporation 
  On June 17, 2014, Michels Corporation ("Michels") filed a complaint and request for relief against Rockies Express in the Court of Common Pleas, Monroe County, Ohio, as a result of work performed by Michels to construct the Seneca Lateral Pipeline in Ohio. Michels seeks unspecified damages from Rockies Express and asserts claims of breach of contract, negligent misrepresentation, unjust enrichment and quantum meruit. Michels has also filed notices of Mechanic's Liens in Monroe and Noble Counties, asserting   $24.2 million   as the amount due. The case is currently scheduled to go to trial in April 2017. Rockies Express also previously filed Petition for Declaratory Judgment, Injunctive Relief and Damages against Michels in Johnson County, Kansas. That claim was dismissed without prejudice in September 2015. Rockies Express believes Michels' claims are without merit and plans to continue to vigorously contest all of the claims in this matter. 
  Environmental, Health and Safety 
  We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws that regulate permitted activities relating to air and water quality, waste disposal, and other environmental matters. We believe that compliance with these laws will not have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial position or results of operations. However, there can be no assurances that future events, such as changes in existing laws, the promulgation of new laws, or the development of new facts or conditions will not cause us to incur significant costs. We had environmental reserves of   $4.3 million   and   $4.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  TMID 
  Casper Plant, EPA Notice of Violation 
  In August 2011, the EPA and the Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality ("WDEQ") conducted an inspection of the Leak Detection and Repair ("LDAR") Program at the Casper Gas Plant in Wyoming. In September 2011, Tallgrass Midstream, LLC ("TMID") received a letter from the EPA alleging violations of the Standards of Performance of Equipment Leaks for Onshore Natural Gas Processing Plant requirements under the Clean Air Act. TMID received a letter from the EPA concerning settlement of this matter in April 2013 and received additional settlement communications from the EPA and Department of Justice beginning in July 2014. Settlement negotiations are continuing, including the expected inclusion of TIGT as a party to any possible settlement as a result of TIGT owning a compressor that is located adjacent to the Casper Gas Plant site. 
  Casper Mystery Bridge Superfund Site 
  The Casper Gas Plant is part of the Mystery Bridge Road/U.S. Highway 20 Superfund Site also known as Casper Mystery Bridge Superfund Site. Remediation work at the Casper Gas Plant has been completed and we have requested that the portion of the site attributable to us be delisted from the National Priorities List. 
  Casper Gas Plant 
  On November 25, 2014, WDEQ issued a Notice of Violation for violations of Part 60 Subpart OOOO related to the Depropanizer project (wv-14388, issued 7/9/13) in Docket No. 5506-14. TMID had discussed the issues in a meeting with WDEQ in Cheyenne on November 17, 2014, and submitted a disclosure on November 20, 2014 detailing the regulatory issues and potential violations. The project triggered a modification of Subpart OOOO for the entire plant. The project equipment as well as plant equipment subjected to Subpart OOOO was not monitored timely, and initial notification was not made timely. Settlement negotiations with WDEQ are currently ongoing. 
  
   25 

Trailblazer 
  Pipeline Integrity Management Program 
  In 2014 and 2015, Trailblazer conducted smart tool surveys and preliminary analysis on segments of its natural gas pipeline to evaluate the growth rate of corrosion downstream of compressor stations. Trailblazer currently believes that approximately   25   -   35   miles of pipe will likely need to be repaired or replaced in order for the pipeline to operate at its maximum allowable operating pressure of   1,000   pounds per square inch. Such repair or replacement will likely occur over a period of years, depending upon final assessment of corrosion growth rates and the remediation and repair plan implemented by Trailblazer. Trailblazer is currently operating at less than its current maximum allowable operating pressure, public notice of which was first provided in June 2014. The current pressure reduction is not expected to prevent Trailblazer from fulfilling its firm service obligations at existing subscription levels and to date it has not had a material adverse financial impact on TEP.  
  During 2015, Trailblazer completed   32   excavation digs at an aggregate cost of approximately   $1.3 million   based on preliminary analysis of the smart tool surveys performed in 2014. Segments of the Trailblazer Pipeline that require full replacement are currently expected to cost in the range of approximately   $2.2 million   to   $2.7 million   per mile. Repair costs on sections of the pipeline that do not require full replacement are expected to be less on a per mile basis. Trailblazer is continuing to develop a remediation and repair plan, which involves, among other things, finalizing cost recovery options, establishing project scope and timing and setting an overall project budget. In 2016, Trailblazer intends to replace approximately   8   miles of pipe, install additional ground beds, and continue remediating areas with external control anomalies at an estimated cost of   $21.5 million  . Trailblazer is currently exploring all possible cost recovery options. It may not ultimately be able to recover any or all of such out of pocket costs unless and until Trailblazer recovers them through a general rate increase or other FERC-approved recovery mechanism, or through negotiated rate agreements with its customers. 
  In connection with TEP's acquisition of the Trailblazer Pipeline, TD agreed to contractually indemnify TEP for any out of pocket costs incurred between April 1, 2014 and April 1, 2017 related to repairing or remediating the Trailblazer Pipeline, to the extent that such actions are necessitated by external corrosion caused by the pipeline's disbonded Hi-Melt CTE coating. The contractual indemnity provided to TEP by TD is currently capped at   $20 million   and is subject to an annual   $1.5 million   deductible. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , TEP received contributions of   $5.3 million   from TD related to the indemnity. 
   
  15.	Reporting Segments    
  Our operations are located in the United States. We are organized into   three   reporting segments: (1) Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics, (2) Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics, and (3) Processing   Logistics. 
  Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics 
  The Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics segment is engaged in the ownership and operation of the Pony Express System, which is a FERC-regulated crude oil pipeline serving the Bakken Shale, Denver-Julesburg and Powder River Basins, and other nearby oil producing basins. The mainline portion of the Pony Express System was placed in service in October 2014. The Pony Express System also includes a lateral pipeline in Northeast Colorado, which interconnects with the Pony Express System just east of Sterling, Colorado and was placed in service in the second quarter of 2015. 
  Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics 
  The Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment is engaged in the ownership and operation of FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipelines and integrated natural gas storage facilities that provide services to on-system customers (such as third-party LDCs), industrial users and other shippers. The Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment includes our   25%   membership interest in Rockies Express effective May 6, 2016, as discussed in   Note 3       Acquisitions  . 
  Processing   Logistics 
  The Processing   Logistics segment is engaged in the ownership and operation of natural gas processing, treating and fractionation facilities that produce NGLs and residue gas that is sold in local wholesale markets or delivered into pipelines for transportation to additional end markets, as well as water business services provided primarily to the oil and gas exploration and production industry and the transportation of NGLs. 
  Corporate and Other 
  Corporate and Other includes corporate overhead costs that are not directly associated with the operations of our reportable segments, such as interest and fees associated with our revolving credit facility, public company costs, and equity-based compensation expense. 
  These segments are monitored separately by management for performance and are consistent with internal financial reporting. These segments have been identified based on the differing products and services, regulatory environment and the expertise required for their respective operations. 
  
   26 

The following tables set forth our segment information for the periods indicated: 

27 

28 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The historical financial statements included in this Quarterly Report reflect the consolidated results of operations of Tallgrass Energy GP, LP's ("TEGP") 30.35% interest in Tallgrass Equity, LLC ("Tallgrass Equity"), Tallgrass Equity's 100% membership interest in Tallgrass MLP GP, LLC ("TEP GP"), which owns all of the Incentive Distribution Rights ("IDRs"), and all of the outstanding general partner units in Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP ("TEP"), and Tallgrass Equity's 20 million TEP common units it acquired at the closing of the initial public offering of Class A shares of TEGP (the "Offering"). The following discussion analyzes the financial condition and results of operations of TEGP, which for periods prior to the completion of the Offering on May 12, 2015 includes the financial condition and results of operations of TEGP Predecessor, which refers to TEGP as recast to show the effects of the reorganization transactions in connection with the Offering. In certain circumstances and for ease of reading we discuss the financial results of these entities prior to their respective acquisitions as being "our" financial results during historic periods. As used in Item 2 of this Quarterly Report, unless the context otherwise requires, "we," "us," "our," the "Partnership," "TEGP" and similar terms refer to Tallgrass Energy GP, LP, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (including Tallgrass Equity, TEP and their respective subsidiaries). The term our "general partner" refers to TEGP Management, LLC. References to "TD" refer to Tallgrass Development, LP.  
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Additionally, the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto, the related "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," the discussion of "Risk Factors" and the discussion of TEGP's "Business" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (our "2015 Form 10-K") filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 17, 2016. 
  A reference to a "Note" herein refers to the accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 1.     Financial Statements. In addition, please read "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors" for information regarding certain risks inherent in our business. 
  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements concerning our operations, economic performance and financial condition. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations, contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition, or forecasts of future events. Words such as "could," "will," "may," "assume," "forecast," "position," "predict," "strategy," "expect," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "project," "budget," "potential," or "continue," and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report include our expectations of plans, strategies, objectives, growth and anticipated financial and operational performance, including guidance regarding our and TD's infrastructure programs, revenue projections, capital expenditures and tax position. Forward-looking statements can be affected by assumptions used or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statements can be guaranteed. 
  A forward-looking statement may include a statement of the assumptions or bases underlying the forward-looking statement. We believe that we have chosen these assumptions or bases in good faith and that they are reasonable. However, when considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in this Quarterly Report. Actual results may vary materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. You should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the following list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements include: 
             
    our ability to pay distributions to our Class A shareholders; 
                
    our expected receipt of, and amounts of, distributions from Tallgrass Equity; 
                
    TEP's ability to complete and integrate acquisitions from TD or from third parties, including its acquisition of a 25% membership interest in Rockies Express that was completed in May 2016, its purchase of an additional 31.3% membership interest in Pony Express that was completed in January 2016, and its acquisition of water business assets in Weld County, Colorado that was completed in December 2015; 
                
    large or multiple customer defaults, including defaults resulting from actual or potential insolvencies; 
                
    changes in general economic conditions; 
                
    competitive conditions in our industry; 
                
    actions taken by third-party operators, processors and transporters; 
     
   29 

the demand for TEP's services, including crude oil transportation services, natural gas transportation, storage and processing services and water business services; 
                
    our ability to successfully implement our business plan; 
                
    our ability to complete internal growth projects on time and on budget; 
                
    the price and availability of debt and equity financing; 
                
    the level of production of crude oil, natural gas and other hydrocarbons and the resultant market prices of crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, and other hydrocarbons;  
                
    the availability and price of natural gas and crude oil, and fuels derived from both, to the consumer compared to the price of alternative and competing fuels; 
                
    competition from the same and alternative energy sources; 
                
    energy efficiency and technology trends; 
                
    operating hazards and other risks incidental to transporting crude oil, transporting, storing and processing natural gas, and transporting, gathering and disposing of water produced in connection with hydrocarbon exploration and production activities; 
                
    natural disasters, weather-related delays, casualty losses and other matters beyond our control; 
                
    interest rates; 
                
    labor relations; 
                
    changes in tax status; 
                
    the effects of existing and future laws and governmental regulations; 
                
    the effects of future litigation; and 
                
    certain factors discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
     Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. While we may update these statements from time to time, we are not required to do so other than pursuant to the securities laws. 
   
  Overview 
  TEGP is a limited partnership that has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We were formed as part of a reorganization involving entities that were previously controlled by Tallgrass Equity in order to effect the Offering which was completed on May 12, 2015. 
  Our sole cash-generating asset is an approximate 30.35% controlling membership interest in Tallgrass Equity. Tallgrass Equity's sole cash-generating assets consist of the direct and indirect partnership interests in TEP, described below:  
             
    100% of the outstanding membership interests in TEP GP, which owns all of the general partner interest in TEP and all of TEP's IDRs. The general partner interest in TEP is represented by 834,391 general partner units, representing an approximate   1.14%   general partner interest in TEP at   November 2, 2016  . 
      
   30 

TEP is a publicly traded, growth-oriented limited partnership formed in 2013 to own, operate, acquire and develop midstream energy assets in North America. TEP currently provides crude oil transportation to customers in Wyoming, Colorado, and the surrounding regions through Tallgrass Pony Express Pipeline, LLC ("Pony Express"), which owns a crude oil pipeline commencing in Guernsey, Wyoming and terminating in Cushing, Oklahoma that includes a lateral in Northeast Colorado that commences in Weld County, Colorado, and interconnects with the pipeline just east of Sterling, Colorado (the "Pony Express System"). TEP provides natural gas transportation and storage services for customers in the Rocky Mountain, Midwest and Appalachian regions of the United States through: (1) TEP's 25% membership interest in Rockies Express Pipeline LLC ("Rockies Express"), a Delaware limited liability company which owns the Rockies Express Pipeline, a FERC-regulated natural gas pipeline system extending from Opal, Wyoming and Meeker, Colorado to Clarington, Ohio, (2) the Tallgrass Interstate Gas Transmission system, a FERC-regulated natural gas transportation and storage system located in Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska and Wyoming (the "TIGT System"), and (3) the Trailblazer Pipeline system, a FERC-regulated natural gas pipeline system extending from the Colorado and Wyoming border to Beatrice, Nebraska (the "Trailblazer Pipeline"). TEP also provides services for customers in Wyoming at the Casper and Douglas natural gas processing facilities and the West Frenchie Draw natural gas treating facility (collectively, the "Midstream Facilities"), and NGL transportation services in Northeast Colorado. TEP performs water business services in Colorado and Texas through BNN Water Solutions, LLC ("Water Solutions"). TEP's operations are strategically located in and provide services to certain key United States hydrocarbon basins, including the Denver-Julesburg, Powder River, Wind River, Permian and Hugoton-Anadarko Basins and the Niobrara, Mississippi Lime, Eagle Ford, Bakken, Marcellus and Utica shale formations. 
  TEP intends to continue to leverage its relationship with TD and utilize the significant experience of its management team to execute its growth strategy of acquiring midstream assets from TD and third parties, increasing utilization of its existing assets and expanding its systems through construction of additional assets. TEP's reportable business segments are: 
             
    Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics the ownership and operation of a FERC-regulated crude oil pipeline system; 
                
    Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics the ownership and operation of FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipelines and integrated natural gas storage facilities; and 
                
    Processing   Logistics the ownership and operation of natural gas processing, treating and fractionation facilities, the provision of water business services primarily to the oil and gas exploration and production industry and the transportation of NGLs.  
      
  Financial Presentation  
  TEGP has no operations outside of its indirect ownership interests in TEP. TEGP is the managing member of and therefore controls Tallgrass Equity. Tallgrass Equity, in turn, controls TEP through the direct ownership of 100% of TEP GP, TEP's general partner. As a result, under GAAP, TEGP consolidates Tallgrass Equity, TEP GP, TEP, and TEP's subsidiaries. As such, TEGP's results of operations will not differ materially from the results of operations of TEP. The most noteworthy reconciling items between TEGP's condensed consolidated financial statements and TEP's condensed consolidated financial statements primarily relate to (i) the inclusion of the Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facility, (ii) the impact of TEGP's election to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and (iii) the presentation of noncontrolling interests in Tallgrass Equity and TEP. The interests in Tallgrass Equity and TEP that are not directly or indirectly owned by TEGP will be reflected as being attributable to noncontrolling interests in TEGP's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In addition, historical results of operations for periods prior to May 12, 2015 do not reflect TEGP's incremental general and administrative costs associated with becoming a separate publicly traded entity, including expenses associated with (i) compensation for new directors, (ii) incremental director and officer liability insurance, (iii) listing on the NYSE, (iv) investor relations, (v) legal, (vi) tax and (vii) accounting. 
   
  Recent Developments 
  TEGP Distribution Announced 
  On   October 5, 2016  , we announced a cash distribution for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   of   $0.2625   per Class A share. The distribution will be paid on   November 14, 2016  , to Class A shareholders of record on   October 31, 2016  . 
  TEP Distribution Announced  
  On   October 5, 2016  , TEP announced a cash distribution for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   of   $0.795   per common unit. The distribution will be paid on   November 14, 2016  , to unitholders of record on   October 31, 2016  .  
  
   31 

Exercise of Call Option 
  On October 31, 2016, TEP partially exercised the call option granted by TD in January 2016 as discussed in   Note 3       Acquisitions   covering   1,251,760   common units. These common units were deemed canceled upon the exercise of the call option and as of the exercise date were no longer issued and outstanding. As of   November 2, 2016  ,   1,703,094   common units remained subject to the call option. 
   
  How We Evaluate Our Operations 
  We evaluate our results using, among other measures, cash distributions received from Tallgrass Equity, TEP's contract profile and volumes, and operating costs and expenses of TEGP and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  Cash Distributions Received from Tallgrass Equity 
  Our cash flow is currently generated solely by distributions received from Tallgrass Equity. Tallgrass Equity currently receives all of its cash flows from distributions on its direct and indirect partnership interests in TEP. Tallgrass Equity is therefore entirely dependent upon the ability of TEP to make cash distributions to its partners. 
  TEP's Contract Profile and Volumes 
  TEP's results are driven primarily by the volume of crude oil transportation capacity, natural gas transportation and storage capacity, NGL transportation capacity, and water transportation, gathering and disposal capacity under firm fee contracts, as well as the volume of natural gas that it processes and the fees assessed for such services. 
  Operating Costs and Expenses 
  The primary components of TEP's operating costs and expenses that we evaluate include cost of sales, cost of transportation services, operations and maintenance and general and administrative costs. TEP's operating expenses are driven primarily by expenses related to the operation, maintenance and growth of its asset base. 
  
   32 

Results of Operations 
  The following provides a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated: 

(1)   
    Approximate average daily throughput for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 is reflective of the volumetric ramp up due to commercial in-service of the Pony Express System beginning in October 2014 and delays in the construction and expansion efforts of third-party pipelines with which Pony Express shares joint tariffs. 
               (2)   
    Excludes firm contracted volumes of Rockies Express. 
     
   33 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Total revenues were   $152.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $138.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $14.0 million  , or   10%  , in total revenues. The overall   increase   in revenue was largely driven by   increased   revenues of   $12.6 million   and   $1.3 million   in the Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics and Processing   Logistics segments, respectively, as discussed further below. 
  Operating costs and expenses  . Operating costs and expenses were   $88.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $85.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $2.3 million  , or   3%  . The overall   increase   in operating costs and expenses was primarily driven by increased operating costs and expenses of   $3.4 million  , $1.5 million and   $1.0 million   in the Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics, Corporate and Other, and Processing   Logistics segments, respectively, partially offset by decreased operating costs and expenses of   $3.6 million   in the Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment, as discussed further below. 
  Interest expense, net.   Interest expense of   $12.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily composed of interest and fees associated with the TEP and Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facilities, as well as the 2024 Notes issued on September 1, 2016. Interest expense of   $5.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily composed of interest and fees associated with TEP and Tallgrass Equity's revolving credit facilities. The increase in interest and fees associated with TEP's revolving credit facility is primarily due to increased borrowings to fund a portion of TEP's December 2015 acquisition of BNN Western, LLC ("Western") and TEP's recent acquisitions of an additional 31.3% membership interest in Pony Express effective January 1, 2016 and 25% membership interest in Rockies Express effective May 6, 2016. 
  Unrealized loss on derivative instrument.   Unrealized loss on derivative instrument of   $4.4 million   represents the change in fair value of the call option received from TD as part of the acquisition of an additional 31.3% membership interest in Pony Express effective January 1, 2016. 
  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investment.   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investment of   $12.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   reflects our portion of earnings and the amortization of a negative basis difference of $3.5 million associated with our acquisition of a 25% membership interest in Rockies Express effective May 6, 2016. 
  Other income, net.   Other income, net typically includes rental income and income earned from certain customers related to the capital costs we incurred to connect these customers to our system. Other income was   $0.5 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015. 
  Deferred income tax expense.   Deferred income tax expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $3.2 million  , compared to   $1.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in deferred income tax expense was primarily driven by the increase in net income before income taxes as well as a higher effective tax rate for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015   as a result of our acquisition of a 25% membership interest in Rockies Express during the second quarter of 2016. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Total revenues were   $444.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $385.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $58.6 million   or   15%  , in total revenues. The overall   increase   in revenue was largely driven by increased revenues of   $75.0 million   in the Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics segment, partially offset by decreased revenues of   $12.9 million   and   $3.3 million   in the Processing   Logistics and Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segments, respectively, as discussed further below. 
  Operating costs and expenses  . Operating costs and expenses were   $260.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $251.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $9.0 million  , or   4%  . The overall   increase   in operating costs and expenses is primarily driven by increased operating costs and expenses of   $19.2 million   in the Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics segment, partially offset by decreased operating costs and expenses of   $7.3 million   and   $5.3 million   in the Processing   Logistics and Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segments, respectively, as discussed further below. 
  
   34 

Interest expense, net.   Interest expense of   $31.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily composed of interest and fees associated with the TEP and Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facilities and the 2024 Notes issued on September 1, 2016. Interest expense of   $12.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily composed of interest and fees associated with TEP's revolving credit facility and interest and fees associated with Tallgrass Equity's revolving credit facility for periods subsequent to the closing of the Offering on May 12, 2015, partially offset by interest income of $0.4 million on the cash balance swept to TD under the Pony Express cash management agreement. The increase in interest and fees associated with TEP's revolving credit facility is primarily due to increased borrowings to fund a portion of TEP's 2015 acquisitions and recent acquisitions of an additional 31.3% membership interest in Pony Express effective January 1, 2016 and a 25% membership interest in Rockies Express effective May 6, 2016, as well as a full period of interest and fees associated with outstanding borrowings under the Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facility. 
  Unrealized gain on derivative instrument.   Unrealized gain on derivative instrument of   $5.6 million   represents the change in fair value of the call option received from TD as part of the acquisition of an additional 31.3% membership interest in Pony Express effective January 1, 2016.  
  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investment.   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investment of   $35.4 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflects our portion of earnings and the amortization of a negative basis difference of $5.6 million associated with our acquisition of a 25% membership interest in Rockies Express effective May 6, 2016. The equity in earnings for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   includes recognition of our portion of the $65 million settlement received by Rockies Express related to the lawsuit between Interior and Rockies Express as discussed in   Note 14       Legal and Environmental Matters  . 
  Other income, net.   Other income, net typically includes rental income and income earned from certain customers related to the capital costs we incurred to connect these customers to our system. Other income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $1.3 million   compared to   $2.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Deferred income tax expense.   Deferred income tax expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $12.8 million  , compared to   $3.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in deferred income tax expense was primarily driven by the increase in net income before income taxes and a full nine months of taxable income in 2016 compared to the period subsequent to the closing of the Offering from May 12, 2015 to September 30, 2015, as well as a higher effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   as a result of our acquisition of a 25% membership interest in Rockies Express during the second quarter of 2016. 
   
  The following provides a summary of our Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics segment results of operations for the periods indicated: 

(1)   
    Segment results as presented represent total revenue and operating income, including intersegment activity. For reconciliations to the consolidated financial data, see   Note 15       Reporting Segments   to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
     
   35 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics segment revenues were   $95.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $83.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $12.6 million  , or   15%  , in segment revenues. The increase in segment revenues was primarily due to a   $9.5 million   increase in crude oil transportation services and a   $3.1 million   increase in the sales of natural gas, NGLs, and crude oil driven by increased volumes of crude oil sold. The increase in crude oil transportation services revenue was primarily driven by increased revenues of $4.5 million related to increased commitments on two throughput and deficiency agreements during the second quarter of 2016 and $4.3 million due to increased volumes transported under existing commitments during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Operating costs and expenses  . Operating costs and expenses in the Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics segment were   $42.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $39.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $3.4 million  , or   9%  . The overall   increase   in operating costs and expenses was primarily driven by a   $2.0 million   increase in cost of sales due to increased volumes of crude oil sold, partially offset by decreased crude oil prices, and a   $1.0 million   increase in taxes, other than income taxes, as a result of the lateral in Northeast Colorado which was placed in service during the second quarter of 2015. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics segment revenues were   $283.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $208.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $75.0 million  , or   36%  , in segment revenues primarily due to increased revenues of $40.2 million from a full period of operations on the lateral in Northeast Colorado, which began commercial operations during the second quarter of 2015, an $18.7 million increase related to the activation of one of our joint tariffs in the second quarter of 2015, lower revenue of $9.7 million due to a force majeure at one of our joint tariff partners during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , and a $7.6 million increase in incremental barrels shipped during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Operating costs and expenses  . Operating costs and expenses in the Crude Oil Transportation   Logistics segment were   $124.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $105.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $19.2 million  , or   18%  . The overall   increase   in operating costs and expenses was primarily driven by a   $8.0 million   increase in cost of transportation services, a   $4.2 million   increase in operations and maintenance costs, a   $3.7 million   increase in depreciation and amortization, and a   $2.7 million   increase in taxes, other than income taxes all primarily driven by the costs associated with a full period of operations on the lateral in Northeast Colorado, which began commercial operations during the second quarter of 2015. 
  
   36 

The following provides a summary of our Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment results of operations for the periods indicated: 

(1)   
    Segment results as presented represent total revenue and operating income, including intersegment activity. For reconciliations to the consolidated financial data, see   Note 15       Reporting Segments   to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment revenues were   $33.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $33.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $0.2 million  , or   1%  . The   increase   in segment revenues was primarily due to an increase of   $2.1 million   in natural gas transportation services primarily driven by increased tariff rates, partially offset by a change in the fuel recovery structure, recognized at TIGT beginning May 1, 2016 as a result of the rate case settlement discussed in   Note 13       Regulatory Matters  . The increase in transportation services revenue was partially offset by a   $1.9 million     decrease   in sales of natural gas, NGLs, and crude oil as a result of lower volumes of natural gas sales.  
  Operating costs and expenses  . Operating costs and expenses in the Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment were   $19.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $23.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   a decrease   of   $3.6 million  , or   15%  . The overall   decrease   in operating costs and expenses was primarily driven by a   $1.9 million   decrease in cost of transportation services due to lower costs associated with fuel reimbursements as a result of the change in the fuel recovery structure discussed above and a   $1.8 million   decrease in cost of sales as a result of lower volumes sold. These decreases were partially offset by a   $0.8 million   increase in operations and maintenance due to increased pipeline integrity work during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment revenues were   $94.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $98.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   a decrease   of   $3.3 million  , or   3%  , in segment revenues as a result of a   $2.2 million   decrease in sales of natural gas, NGLs, and crude oil as a result of lower volumes of natural gas sold and a 14% decrease in natural gas prices and a   $1.1 million   decrease in natural gas transportation services primarily driven by a change in the fuel recovery structure as discussed above and warmer weather conditions that created less demand for short-term transportation capacity during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . These decreases were partially offset by increased tariff rates recognized at TIGT subsequent to the rate case settlement effective May 1, 2016. 
  
   37 

Operating costs and expenses  . Operating costs and expenses in the Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment were   $59.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $65.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   a decrease   of   $5.3 million  , or   8%  . The overall   decrease   in operating costs and expenses was primarily driven by a   $4.7 million   decrease in cost of transportation services due to lower costs associated with fuel reimbursements as a result of the change in the fuel recovery structure discussed above, a   $0.8 million   decrease in depreciation and amortization due to lower depreciation rates as of May 1, 2016 as a result of the TIGT rate case settlement, a   $0.7 million   decrease in general and administrative costs due to a reduction in allocated costs to the segment and a   $0.2 million   decrease in cost of sales due to decreased volumes of natural gas sold, partially offset by a reduction in our fuel tracker obligations at Trailblazer driven by the FERC approval of our annual fuel tracker filing during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . These decreases were partially offset by a   $1.3 million   increase in operations and maintenance due to increased pipeline integrity work during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
   
  The following provides a summary of our Processing   Logistics segment results of operations for the periods indicated: 

(1)   
    Segment results as presented represent total revenue and operating income, including intersegment activity. For reconciliations to the consolidated financial data, see   Note 15       Reporting Segments   to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Processing   Logistics segment revenues were   $23.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $22.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents a   $1.3 million  , or   6%  ,   increase   in segment revenues. The   increase   in segment revenues was primarily due to a   $2.0 million   increase in processing and other revenues driven by increased revenue of $2.0 million at Water Solutions primarily attributable to BNN Western, LLC ("Western"), which was acquired on December 16, 2015, and BNN West Texas, LLC ("West Texas"), which commenced operations in March 2016. The increase in processing and other revenues was partially offset by a   $0.7 million   decrease in the sales of natural gas, NGLs, and crude oil driven by lower NGL sales of $0.4 million due to lower volumes processed, partially offset by increased NGL prices, and lower natural gas sales of $0.3 million due to decreased volumes of natural gas sold. 
  Operating costs and expenses  . Operating costs and expenses in the Processing   Logistics segment were   $23.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $22.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   an increase   of   $1.0 million  , or   4%  . The   increase   in operating costs and expenses was driven by a   $1.1 million   increase in cost of transportation services due to costs associated with Western, which was acquired on December 16, 2015, a   $0.3 million   increase in general and administrative costs due to increased costs allocated to Water Solutions as a result of increased operating income related to our acquisitions of Western and West Texas and a   $0.3 million   increase in cost of sales, partially offset by a   $0.7 million   decrease in operations and maintenance costs due to less downtime for plant maintenance activities during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  
   38 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Processing   Logistics segment revenues were   $69.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $82.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents a   $12.9 million  , or   16%  ,   decrease   in segment revenues. The   decrease   in segment revenues was primarily due to a   $10.5 million   decrease in the sales of natural gas, NGLs, and crude oil driven by lower NGL sales of $9.4 million due to lower volumes processed and a 7% decrease in NGL prices and a   $2.5 million   decrease in processing and other revenues driven by lower processing fees at TMID due to decreased volumes processed, partially offset by a $2.3 million increase in revenue at Water Solutions primarily attributable to the recently acquired Western and West Texas assets. 
  Operating costs and expenses  . Operating costs and expenses in the Processing   Logistics segment were   $70.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $78.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which represents   a decrease   of   $7.3 million  , or   9%  . The   decrease   in operating costs and expenses was driven by a decrease of   $7.5 million   in cost of sales, primarily due to decreased NGL prices and volumes processed as discussed above, a decrease of   $2.6 million   in loss on disposal of assets as a result of the $1.8 million loss on Western assets destroyed by fire as a result of a lightning strike during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to a $4.5 million non-cash loss recognized on the sale of compressor assets at TMID in 2015 and a   $0.5 million   decrease in operations and maintenance costs due to less downtime for plant maintenance activities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . These decreases were partially offset by a   $1.6 million   increase in cost of transportation services due to costs associated with Western, which was acquired on December 16, 2015, a   $1.4 million   increase in general and administrative costs due to increased costs allocated to Water Solutions as a result of increased operating income related to our acquisitions of Western and West Texas and a   $0.8 million   increase in taxes, other than income taxes, due to higher property tax estimates for 2016 as a result of the Western acquisition. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview    
  Our primary sources of liquidity for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were proceeds from TEP's issuance of long-term debt as discussed further below, borrowings under TEP's revolving credit facility, cash generated from operations, and proceeds from the issuance of TEP common units. We expect our sources of liquidity in the future to include: 
             
    cash generated from our operations; 
                
    borrowing capacity available under TEP's revolving credit facility; and 
                
    future issuances of additional partnership units and/or debt securities. 
     We believe that cash on hand, cash generated from operations, and availability under TEP's revolving credit facility will be adequate to meet our operating needs, our planned short-term maintenance capital and debt service requirements, and our planned cash distributions to shareholders. We believe that future internal growth projects or potential acquisitions will be funded primarily through a combination of borrowings under TEP's revolving credit facility and issuances of debt and/or equity securities at TEP. 
  Our total liquidity as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows: 

TEP Revolving Credit Facility 
  Effective January 4, 2016, in connection with the acquisition of an additional 31.3% membership interest in Pony Express, TEP exercised the committed accordion feature to increase the total capacity of the revolving credit facility from   $1.1 billion   to   $1.5 billion  . In connection with the acquisition of a 25% membership interest in Rockies Express, TEP amended the revolving credit facility to increase the total capacity to   $1.75 billion  , which increase became effective May 6, 2016. 
  The revolving credit facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions that, among other things, limit or restrict TEP's ability (as well as the ability of its restricted subsidiaries) to incur or guarantee additional debt, incur certain liens on assets, dispose of assets, make certain distributions (including distributions from available cash, if a default or event of default under the credit agreement then exists or would result from making such a distribution), change the nature of its business, engage in certain mergers or make certain investments and acquisitions, enter into non-arms-length transactions with affiliates and designate certain subsidiaries as "Unrestricted Subsidiaries." In addition, TEP is required to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio of not more than   4.75   to 1.00 (which will be increased to   5.25   to 1.00 for certain measurement periods following the consummation of certain acquisitions) and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than   2.50   to 1.00. As of   September 30, 2016  , TEP was in compliance with the covenants required under the TEP revolving credit facility. 
  The unused portion of TEP's revolving credit facility is subject to a commitment fee, which ranges from   0.300%   to   0.500%  , based on TEP's total leverage ratio. As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the TEP revolving credit facility was   2.28%  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our weighted average effective interest rate under the TEP revolving credit facility, including the interest on outstanding borrowings, commitment fees, and amortization of deferred financing costs, was   2.72%  . 
  Tallgrass Equity Revolving Credit Facility 
  In connection with the Offering, Tallgrass Equity entered into a   $150 million   senior secured revolving credit facility with Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders, which will mature on May 12, 2020. Among various other covenants and restrictive provisions, Tallgrass Equity is required to maintain a total leverage ratio of not more than   3.00   to 1.00. As of   September 30, 2016  , Tallgrass Equity was in compliance with the covenants required under its revolving credit facility. 
  The unused portion of the Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facility is subject to a commitment fee of   0.50%  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facility was   3.03%  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , Tallgrass Equity's weighted average effective interest rate, including the interest on outstanding borrowings, commitment fees, and amortization of deferred financing costs, was   3.28%  . 
  Senior Unsecured Notes 
  On September 1, 2016, TEP and Tallgrass Energy Finance Corp. (the "Co-Issuer" and together with TEP, the "Issuers"), the Guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee, entered into an Indenture dated September 1, 2016 (the "Indenture"), pursuant to which the Issuers issued   $400 million   in aggregate principal amount of the Issuers'   5.50%   senior notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes"). TEP used the net proceeds of the offering to repay outstanding borrowings under its existing senior secured revolving credit facility. 
  The 2024 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Issuers. The 2024 Notes are unconditionally guaranteed jointly and severally on a senior unsecured basis by TEP's existing direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries (other than the Co-Issuer) and certain of TEP's future subsidiaries (the "Guarantors"). The 2024 Notes rank equal in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Issuers, and senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the Issuers. The 2024 Notes will mature on September 15, 2024 and interest on the 2024 Notes is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September 15, commencing March 15, 2017. TEP may redeem the 2024 Notes prior to their scheduled maturity at the applicable redemption price set forth in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
  The Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit TEP's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: (i) incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred units; (ii) create liens to secure indebtedness; (iii) pay distributions on equity interests, repurchase equity securities or redeem subordinated securities; (iv) make investments; (v) restrict distributions, loans or other asset transfers from TEP's restricted subsidiaries; (vi) consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of TEP's properties to, another person; (vii) sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including equity interests in subsidiaries; and (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Issuers and Guarantors are in compliance with the covenants required under the 2024 Notes. 
  TEP Equity Distribution Agreements 
  On October 31, 2014, TEP entered into an equity distribution agreement pursuant to which it may sell from time to time through a group of managers, as its sales agents, common units representing limited partner interests having an aggregate offering price of up to   $200 million  . On May 13, 2015 the amount was subsequently amended to   $100.2 million   in order to account for follow-on equity offerings under TEP's S-3 shelf registration statement. On May 17, 2016, TEP entered into a new equity distribution agreement allowing for the sale of common units with an aggregate offering price of up to   $657.5 million  . Sales of common units, if any, will be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions, to or through a market maker or directly on or through an electronic communication network, a "dark pool" or any similar market venue, or as otherwise agreed by TEP and one or more of the managers. TEP intends to use the net cash proceeds from any sale of the units for general partnership purposes, which may include, among other things, TEP's exercise of the call option with respect to the   6,518,000   common units issued to TD in connection with TEP's acquisition of an additional   31.3%   of Pony Express in January 2016, repayment or refinancing of debt, funding for acquisitions, capital expenditures and additions to working capital.  
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , TEP issued and sold   622,846   common units with a weighted average sales price of   $47.39   per unit under its equity distribution agreements for net cash proceeds of approximately   $28.7 million   (net of approximately   $0.8 million   in commissions and professional service expenses). During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , TEP issued and sold   6,703,984   common units with a weighted average sales price of   $43.98   per unit under its equity distribution agreements for net cash proceeds of approximately   $290.5 million   (net of approximately   $4.4 million   in commissions and professional service expenses). During the period from October 1, 2016 to November 2, 2016, TEP issued and sold an additional   628,914   common units with a weighted average sales price of   $48.05   per unit under its equity distribution agreement for net cash proceeds of approximately   $29.9 million   (net of approximately   $0.3 million   in commissions and professional service expenses). TEP used the net cash proceeds for general partnership purposes as described above. 
  Private Placement 
  On April 28, 2016, TEP issued an aggregate of   2,416,987   common units for net cash proceeds of   $90.0 million   in a private placement transaction to certain funds managed by Tortoise Capital Advisors, L.L.C. The units were subsequently registered pursuant to TEP's Form S-3/A (File No. 333-210976) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016, which became effective May 17, 2016. 
   
  Working Capital 
  Working capital is the amount by which current assets exceed current liabilities. While various other factors may impact our working capital requirements from period to period, our working capital requirements have typically been, and we expect will continue to be, driven by changes in accounts receivable, accounts payable and deferred revenue. Factors impacting changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable could include the timing of collections from customers, payments to suppliers, and the level of spending for capital expenditures. Changes in the market prices of energy commodities, primarily NGLs, that we buy and sell in the normal course of business can also impact the timing of changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable. Factors impacting deferred revenue include the volume of crude oil transported, the amount of deficiency payments received, and the volume of prior deficiencies utilized during the period. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a working capital   deficit   of   $16.0 million   compared to a working capital   deficit   of   $11.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  , which represents   a decrease   in working capital of   $4.9 million  . The overall   decrease   in working capital was primarily attributable to changes in the following components: 
             
    an increase   in deferred revenue of   $25.6 million   primarily from deficiency payments collected by Pony Express; 
                
    an increase   in accrued taxes of   $6.8 million   as a result of tax assessments; and 
                
    a decrease   of   $4.7 million   in accounts receivable primarily due to a decrease in incremental barrels shipped at Pony Express in September 2016 compared to December 2015. 
     These working capital decreases were partially offset by: 
             
    an increase   of   $25.7 million   in derivative assets at fair value as a result of the reclassification of the call option derivative to current assets as of September 30, 2016; and 
                
    a decrease   of   $5.2 million   in accounts payable, primarily driven by the timing of project invoices and payment of contractor retainages related to the construction of the Pony Express lateral in Northeast Colorado. 
     A material adverse change in operations, available financing under our revolving credit facility, or available financing from the equity or debt capital markets could impact our ability to fund our requirements for liquidity and capital resources in the future. 
  
   39 

Cash Flows 
  The following table and discussion presents a summary of our cash flow for the periods indicated: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Operating Activities.   Cash flows   provided by   operating activities were   $301.0 million   and   $195.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The   increase   in net cash flows   provided by   operating activities of   $105.5 million   was primarily driven by the increase in operating results as discussed above, distributions received from Rockies Express, and a net increase in cash inflows from changes in working capital, primarily driven by a   $19.5 million   increase in net cash inflows from accounts receivable due to collection of receivables during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   associated primarily with an increase of incremental barrels shipped at Pony Express, and a   $11.3 million   increase in deferred revenue associated primarily with deficiency payments received by Pony Express. 
  Investing Activities.   Cash flows   used in   investing activities were   $549.6 million   and   $769.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net cash used in investing activities were driven by cash outflows of   $436.0 million   for the acquisition of a 25% membership interest in Rockies Express on May 6, 2016,   $49.1 million   for a portion of the acquisition of an additional 31.3% membership interest in Pony Express on January 1, 2016, the remainder of which is classified as a financing activity as discussed below, capital expenditures of   $45.3 million  , primarily due to post in-service spending on Pony Express System projects and contributions to Rockies Express in the amount of   $35.5 million  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , net cash used in investing activities were driven by the   $700.0 million   cash outflow for the acquisition of an additional 33.3% membership interest in Pony Express, which allowed TD to continue funding the pipeline construction at Pony Express, and capital expenditures of   $65.1 million  , primarily due to construction of the Pony Express System, including the lateral in Northeast Colorado. 
  Financing Activities.   Cash flows   provided by   financing activities were   $247.7 million   and   $592.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Financing cash inflows for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were primarily driven by: 
               
    net borrowings under the TEP revolving credit facility of   $252.0 million  ; 
                
    the issuance of 2,416,987 TEP common units representing TEP limited partnership interests in a private placement transaction for net cash proceeds of   $90.0 million  ; and 
                
    contributions from noncontrolling interests of   $8.7 million  , which primarily consisted of contributions from TD to Pony Express. 
     These financing cash inflows were partially offset by cash outflows of: 
             
    $425.9 million   for the portion of the acquisition of an additional 31.3% membership interest in Pony Express which exceeds the cumulative capital spending on the underlying assets acquired; 
                
    distributions to noncontrolling interests of   $177.4 million  , consisting of distributions to TEP unitholders of   $103.7 million  , Tallgrass Equity distributions to the Exchange Right Holders of   $68.7 million  , and distributions to Pony Express and Water Solutions noncontrolling interests of   $5.0 million  ;  
                 
    distributions to Class A shareholders of   $30.0 million  . 
     
   40 

Cash flows provided by financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   were primarily driven by: 
             
    $1.3 billion of net proceeds from the initial public offering of Class A shares in May 2015;  
                 
    the proceeds from net borrowings under the TEP and Tallgrass Equity revolving credit facilities of $285.0 million; and  
                
    contributions from noncontrolling interests of $19.3 million, primarily driven by contributions from TD to Pony Express. 
     These financing cash inflows were partially offset by cash outflows of: 
              
    $334.1 million for the distribution of proceeds from the Offering to the Exchange Right Holders as part of the reorganization of entities effective concurrent with the Offering; 
                
    $171.9 million for the acquisition of additional Tallgrass Equity units as part of the reorganization concurrent with the Offering; 
                
    distributions to TEP unitholders of $74.8 million;  
                
    distributions to the members of the TEGP Predecessor of $13.5 million; 
                
    distributions made by Tallgrass Equity to the Exchange Right Holders of $13.0 million; and  
                
    distributions to TEGP Class A shareholders of $3.5 million. 
      
  Distributions 
  Distributions to our Class A shareholders.   We distribute 100% of our available cash at the end of each quarter to Class A shareholders of record beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2015. Our sole cash-generating asset is an approximate 30.35% controlling membership interest in Tallgrass Equity. Tallgrass Equity's sole cash-generating assets consist of direct and indirect partnership interests in TEP, as detailed above in " Overview". Available cash is generally defined as all of our cash and cash equivalents on hand at the end of each quarter less reserves established at the discretion of our general partner. For a discussion of factors and trends impacting TEP's business, which in turn impacts our ability to pay cash distributions to our Class A shareholders, please see " Factors and Trends Impacting Our Business" in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
  Our distribution for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , in the amount of   $0.2625   per Class A share, or   $12.5 million   in the aggregate, was announced on   October 5, 2016   and will be paid on   November 14, 2016  , 2016 to Class A shareholders of record on   October 31, 2016  . 
   
  Capital Requirements 
  The midstream energy business can be capital-intensive, requiring significant investment to maintain and upgrade existing operations. Our capital requirements have consisted primarily of, and we anticipate will continue to consist of, the following: 
             
    maintenance capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures incurred (including expenditures for the construction or development of new capital assets) that we expect to maintain our long-term operating income or operating capacity. These expenditures typically include certain system integrity, compliance and safety improvements; and 
                
    expansion capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures to increase our operating income or operating capacity over the long-term. Expansion capital expenditures include acquisitions or capital improvements (such as additions to or improvements on the capital assets owned, or acquisition or construction of new capital assets). 
     We expect to incur approximately $46 million for capital expenditures in   2016  , of which approximately $34 million is expected for expansion projects and approximately $12 million, net of anticipated reimbursements from affiliates, is expected for maintenance capital expenditures. 
  
   41 

The determination of capital expenditures as maintenance or expansion is made at the individual asset level during our budgeting process and as we approve, execute, and monitor our capital spending. The following table summarizes the maintenance and expansion capital expenditures incurred at our consolidated entities: 

Capital expenditures incurred represent capital expenditures paid and accrued during the period. Capital expenditures are presented net of noncontrolling interest, and contributions and reimbursements received. The   decrease   in maintenance capital expenditures to   $7.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   $9.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   is primarily driven by decreased maintenance capital expenditures in the Processing   Logistics and the Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segments. Maintenance capital expenditures on our assets occur on a regular schedule, but most major maintenance projects are not required every year so the level of maintenance capital expenditures naturally varies from year to year and from quarter to quarter. The   increase   in expansion capital expenditures to   $19.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   $17.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   is primarily driven by spending on the Pony Express System lateral in Northeast Colorado prior to commencement of commercial operations in the second quarter of 2015. Expansion capital expenditures of   $19.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consisted primarily of post in-service spending on Pony Express System projects. 
  We intend to make cash distributions to our Class A shareholders. Due to our cash distribution policy, we expect that we will distribute available cash to our Class A shareholders on a quarterly basis. We expect TEP to fund future capital expenditures with funds generated from its operations, borrowings under its revolving credit facility, the issuance of additional partnership units and/or the issuance of long-term debt. If these sources are not sufficient, TEP may reduce its discretionary spending. 
   
  Contractual Obligations 
  There have been no material changes in our contractual obligations as reported in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
  
   42 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements are set forth in our 2015 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and have not changed. Our disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with respect to goodwill is repeated below for the purpose of providing additional information regarding the impairment testing performed as of December 31, 2015. 
                       Description 
      
    Judgments and Uncertainties 
      
    Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions 
      Impairment of Goodwill 
      We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually in the third quarter, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. 
      
    We determine fair value using widely accepted valuation techniques, primarily discounted cash flow and market multiple analyses. These techniques are also used when assigning the purchase price to acquired assets and liabilities. These types of analyses require us to make assumptions and estimates regarding industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. Our impairment analyses require management to apply judgment in estimating future cash flows as well as asset fair values, including forecasting useful lives of the assets, assessing the probability of different outcomes, including anticipated volumes, contract renewals and changes in our regulated rates, and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows. It is our policy to conduct impairment testing based on our current business strategy in light of present industry and economic conditions, as well as future expectations. 
      
    We primarily use a discounted cash flow analysis, supplemented by a market approach analysis, to perform the assessment. Key assumptions in the analysis include the use of an appropriate discount rate, terminal year multiples, and estimated future cash flows including an estimate of operating and general and administrative costs. In estimating cash flows, we incorporate current market information, as well as historical and other factors, into our forecasted commodity prices. If our assumptions are not appropriate, or future events indicate that our goodwill is impaired, our net income would be impacted by the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, to the extent of the balance of goodwill. A prolonged period of lower commodity prices may adversely affect our estimate of future operating results, which could result in future goodwill impairment for reporting units due to the potential impact on our operations and cash flows. We completed our impairment testing of goodwill in the third quarter of 2015 using the methodology described herein, and determined there was no impairment. As a result of a decreased commodity prices in late 2015 and into early 2016, which caused a significant drop in the volumes anticipated from several producers from which TMID receives natural gas for processing, we identified a potential impairment trigger with respect to the $79.2 million of goodwill at the TMID reporting unit, which is a component of our Processing   Logistics segment. We tested TMID's goodwill for impairment as of December 31, 2015 and determined that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value by approximately 21%. As a result, no impairment charge was recorded, however our analysis includes assumptions of a gradual recovery of commodity prices and a corresponding increase in volumes over time. If our outlook for long-term commodity prices is not realized, or our producers further decrease volumes, we could have an impairment in the future. While commodity prices do not have a significant direct exposure to the cash flows projected at TMID, the current commodity price environment has had an indirect impact on TMID's business as certain producers have significantly reduced their anticipated volumes. Keeping all other assumptions constant, as of December 31, 2015 an increase in the discount rate applied of approximately 1.38% or a decrease in overall cash flows by more than 16% would result in a step one failure, however we do not believe that these represent reasonably likely assumptions. If the reporting unit fails step one in the future, we would be required to perform step two of the goodwill impairment test and up to $79.2 million of goodwill at the TMID reporting unit could be written off in the period that the impairment is triggered. During the third quarter of 2016, we completed our annual goodwill impairment testing for all reporting units, and determined that there was no impairment. 

43 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Commodity Price Risk 
  As of   September 30, 2016   approximately 91% of our reserved processing capacity was subject to firm or volumetric fee contracts, with the majority of fee revenue based on the volumes actually processed. The remaining 9% was subject to commodity sensitive contracts such as percent of proceeds or keep whole processing contracts. The profitability of our commodity sensitive processing contracts that include keep whole or percent of proceeds components is affected by volatility in prevailing NGL and natural gas prices. We do not currently hedge the commodity exposure in our commodity sensitive contracts in our Processing   Logistics segment and we do not expect to in the foreseeable future. Starting in 2014, the prices of crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs were extremely volatile and declined significantly. Downward pressure and volatility on commodity prices continued in 2015 and the first half of 2016 and may continue for the foreseeable future. These declines directly and indirectly resulted in lower realizations and processing volumes on our percent of proceeds and keep whole processing contracts. Our Processing   Logistics segment comprised less than 1% of our operating income for both the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  We have a limited amount of direct commodity price exposure related to crude oil collected as part of our contractual pipeline loss allowance at Pony Express. During the third quarter of 2016, we entered into a derivative contract for the sale of   30,000   barrels of crude oil, which settled in October 2016. The fair value of this swap was a liability of approximately   $7,000   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Historically, we have also had a limited amount of direct commodity price exposure related to natural gas collected for electrical compression costs and lost and unaccounted for gas on the TIGT System. We have entered into derivative contracts with third parties for a substantial majority of the gas we expect to collect during the current year for the purpose of hedging our commodity price exposures. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had short natural gas swaps outstanding with a notional volume of approximately   0.8   Bcf, representing a portion of the natural gas that is expected to be sold by our Natural Gas Transportation   Logistics segment through the first quarter of 2017. The fair value of these swaps was a liability of approximately   $0.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  We measure the risk of price changes in our natural gas swaps utilizing a sensitivity analysis model. The sensitivity analysis measures the potential income or loss (i.e., the change in fair value of the derivative instruments) based upon a hypothetical 10% movement in the underlying quoted market prices. In addition to these variables, the fair value of each portfolio is influenced by fluctuations in the notional amounts of the instruments and the discount rates used to determine the present values. We enter into derivative contracts solely for the purpose of mitigating the risks that accompany certain of our business activities and, therefore, both the sensitivity analysis model and the change in the market value of our outstanding derivative contracts are offset largely by changes in the value of the underlying physical commodity prices. A hypothetical 10% increase in the crude oil price forward curve would result in a decrease of approximately $0.1 million in the net fair value of our crude oil derivative instruments as of   September 30, 2016  . A hypothetical 10% increase in the natural gas price forward curve would result in a decrease of approximately $0.2 million in the fair value of our natural gas derivative instruments as of   September 30, 2016   as a result of our hedging program. For the purpose of determining the change in fair value associated with the hypothetical natural gas price increase scenario, we have assumed a parallel shift in the forward curve through the end of 2016. 
  The Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") has promulgated regulations to implement the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act's changes to the Commodity Exchange Act, including the definition of commodity-based swaps subject to those regulations. The CFTC regulations are intended to implement new reporting and record keeping requirements related to those swap transactions and a mandatory clearing and exchange-execution regime for various types, categories or classes of swaps, subject to certain exemptions, including the trade-option and end-user exemptions. Although we anticipate that most, if not all, of our swap transactions should qualify for an exemption to the clearing and exchange-execution requirements, we will still be subject to record keeping and reporting requirements. Other changes to the Commodity Exchange Act made as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the CFTC's implementing regulations could significantly increase the cost of entering into new swaps. 
  
   44 

Interest Rate Risk 
  As described in "  Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview  " above, on September 1, 2016 TEP issued   $400 million   in   5.50%   senior notes due 2024. In addition, TEP currently has a   $1.75 billion   revolving credit facility with borrowings of approximately   $1.0 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  . Borrowings under the revolving credit facility will bear interest, at TEP's option, at either (a) a base rate, which will be a rate equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the U.S. federal funds rate plus 0.5% and (iii) a one-month reserve adjusted Eurodollar rate plus 1.00% or (b) a reserve adjusted Eurodollar Rate, plus, in each case, an applicable margin. For loans bearing interest based on the base rate, the applicable margin was initially 1.00%, and for loans bearing interest based on the reserve adjusted Eurodollar rate, the applicable margin was initially 2.00%. After June 25, 2014, the applicable margin ranges from 0.75% to 2.75%, based upon TEP's total leverage ratio and whether it has elected the base rate or the reserve adjusted Eurodollar rate. Tallgrass Equity currently has an additional   $148 million   in outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest, at Tallgrass Equity's option, at either (a) a base rate, which will be a rate equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the U.S. federal funds rate plus 0.5% and (iii) a one-month reserve adjusted Eurodollar rate plus 1.00% or (b) a reserve adjusted Eurodollar rate, plus, in each case, an applicable margin. For loans bearing interest based on the base rate, the applicable margin is 1.50%, and for loans bearing interest based on the reserve adjusted Eurodollar rate, the applicable margin is 2.50%.  
  We do not currently hedge the interest rate risk on our borrowings under the revolving credit facilities. However, in the future we may consider hedging the interest rate risk or may consider choosing longer Eurodollar borrowing terms in order to fix all or a portion of our borrowings for a period of time. We estimate that a 1% increase in interest rates would decrease the fair value of the debt by $0.6 million based on our debt obligations as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Credit Risk 
  We are exposed to credit risk. Credit risk represents the loss that we would incur if a counterparty fails to perform under its contractual obligations. We manage our exposure to credit risk associated with customers to whom we extend credit through a credit approval process which includes credit analysis, the establishment of credit limits and ongoing monitoring procedures. We may request letters of credit, cash collateral, prepayments or guarantees as forms of credit support. We have historically experienced only minimal credit losses in connection with our receivables. 
  A substantial majority of our revenue is produced under long-term firm fee contracts with high-quality customers. The customer base we currently serve under these contracts generally has a strong credit profile, with slightly under 50% of our revenues derived from customers who have an investment grade credit rating or are part of corporate families with investment grade credit ratings as of   September 30, 2016  . This represents a decrease in the portion of our revenues derived from customers with an investment grade credit rating from 2015, primarily as a result of credit downgrades at several of our customers and throughout the industry due to the current commodity price environment. 
  We also have indirect credit risk exposure with respect to our investment in Rockies Express. See Item 1A.     Risk Factors for additional information. 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a- 15(e) or Rule 15d- 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report, and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   45 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  See   Note 14       Legal and Environmental Matters   to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report, which is incorporated here by reference. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  Item 1A of our 2015 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Item 1A of our Form 10-Qs for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 set forth information relating to important risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Those risk factors continue to be relevant to an understanding of our business, financial condition and operating results for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . There have been no material changes to the risk factors contained in our 2015 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our Form 10-Qs for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  None. 
   
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 
   
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5. Other Information 
  None. 
   
  Item 6. Exhibits 
                   Exhibit No. 
       
    Description 

4.1 
      
    Indenture, dated September 1, 2016, among Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP, Tallgrass Energy Finance Corp., the Guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2016). 

4.2 
      
    Form of 5.50% Senior Note (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2016). 

31.1* 
       
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of David G. Dehaemers, Jr. 

31.2* 
       
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Gary J. Brauchle. 

32.1* 
       
    Section 1350 Certification of David G. Dehaemers, Jr. 

32.2* 
       
    Section 1350 Certification of Gary J. Brauchle. 

101.INS* 
       
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH* 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL* 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF* 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB* 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE* 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

*  -  
    filed herewith 
     
   46 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Tallgrass Energy GP, LP 

(registrant) 

By:  
    TEGP Management, LLC, its general partner 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Gary J. Brauchle 

Name: 
    Gary J. Brauchle 

Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tegp201693010qexhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 
  Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, David G. Dehaemers, Jr., certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form   10-Q   of Tallgrass Energy GP, LP; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   By: 
      
    /s/ David G. Dehaemers, Jr. 

David G. Dehaemers, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer of TEGP Management, LLC (the general partner of Tallgrass Energy GP, LP) 

Date:   November 2, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tegp201693010qexhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 
  Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Gary J. Brauchle, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form   10-Q   of Tallgrass Energy GP, LP; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   By: 
      
    /s/ Gary J. Brauchle 

Gary J. Brauchle 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TEGP Management, LLC (the general partner of Tallgrass Energy GP, LP) 

Date:   November 2, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tegp201693010qexhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Certification Pursuant to 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the   quarterly   report of Tallgrass Energy GP, LP (the  Partnership ) on Form   10-Q   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David G. Dehaemers, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of TEGP Management, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 906 ), that, to my knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
       
                   By: 
      
    /s/ David G. Dehaemers, Jr. 

David G. Dehaemers, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer of TEGP Management, LLC (the general partner of Tallgrass  
  Energy GP, LP) 

Date:   November 2, 2016    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Partnership and will be retained and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tegp201693010qexhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  Certification Pursuant to 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the   quarterly   report of Tallgrass Energy GP, LP (the  Partnership ) on Form   10-Q   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Gary J. Brauchle, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TEGP Management, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 906 ), that, to my knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
       
                   By: 
      
    /s/Gary J. Brauchle 

Gary J. Brauchle 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TEGP Management, LLC (the general partner of Tallgrass Energy GP, LP) 

Date:   November 2, 2016    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Partnership and will be retained and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tegp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tegp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tegp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tegp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tegp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tegp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

