<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161005_10-Q_edgar_data_1543739_0001078782-16-003571_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>290999</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96297</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>129905</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>7</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003571.hdr.sgml : 20161005
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161005164738
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003571
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161005
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161005

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APT Systems Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001543739
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				990370904
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54865
		FILM NUMBER:		161922995

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415)-200-1105

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003571.txt : 20161005

10-Q
 1
 f10q073116_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT

Form 10-Q Quarterly Report 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
   
  FORM 10-Q  

X   .  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
  For the Quarterly period ended July 31, 2016  
   
          .  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
     
  Commission File No.    000-54865 

APT SYSTEMS, INC.   
  (Exact name of issuer as specified in its charter) 

(415)-200-1105   
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   X   .   No         .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
 Yes   X   .   No         .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  small reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer         .  
   Accelerated filer         .  
  
   Non-accelerated filer           .  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   Smaller reporting company   X   .  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes         .   No   X   .  
   
 As of October 5, 2016, registrant had   148,457,788 outstanding   shares of the registrant's common stock.   

FORM 10-Q  
   
  APT SYSTEMS, INC.  
  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    PAGE  

Item 1.  
 Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements for the six month periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015  
   4 
  
   Condensed Balance Sheets 
   5 
  
   Condensed Statements of Operations  
   6 
  
   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
   7 
  
   Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
   8 
  
   Item 2.  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis and Plan of Operation 
   17 
  
   Item 3.  
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   23 
  
   Item 4.  
 Controls and Procedures 
   23 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
 Legal Proceedings  
   24 
  
   Item 1A.  
 Risk Factors 
   24 
  
   Item 2.  
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
   24 
  
   Item 3.  
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
   24 
  
   Item 4.  
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
   24 
  
   Item 5.  
 Other Information 
   24 
  
   Item 6.  
 Exhibits 
   25 

Signatures 
   26 

2 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
 For purposes of this report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references herein to  APT Systems,   APT,   the Company,   we,   us,  and  our,  refer to APT Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
   
  FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
   
 The following notes contains forward-looking statements regarding us, our business, prospects and results of operations that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties posed by many factors and events that could cause our actual business, prospects and results of operations to differ materially from those that may be anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect such forward-looking statements include, without limitation: our ability to successfully develop new products and services for new markets; the impact of competition on our revenues, changes in law or regulatory requirements that adversely affect or preclude clients from using us for certain applications; delays our introduction of new products or services; and our failure to keep pace with our competitors. 
   
 When used in this discussion, words such as  believes ,  anticipates ,  expects ,  intends  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may subsequently arise. APTY may also opt to disseminate information about itself, including the results of its operations and financial information, via social media platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter.   Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business. 

3 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

_______________________________________________________________________ 

APT SYSTEMS, INC.  
   
  UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

For the Six Month Periods Ended July 31, 2016 and 2015  
   
 _________________________________________________________________________ 

APT Systems, Inc.  
  Condensed Financial Statements  
  (Unaudited)  
     
  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE  
  
   Condensed Balance Sheets 
   5 
  
   Condensed Statements of Operations 
   6 
  
   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
   7 
  
   Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
   8 

4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 
   
 5 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 
   
 6 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 
   
 7 

APT SYSTEMS, INC.  
  NOTES TO CONDENSED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  FOR THE SIX MONTH PERIODS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015  
   
   1.  NATURE OF OPERATIONS   
   
  APT Systems, Inc . ( APT Systems ,  the Company ,  We  or  Us ) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on October 29, 2010 ( Inception ) to engage in the creation of innovative and intuitive stock trading platforms, financial apps and visualization solutions for charting the financial markets. While management works to deliver equities trading software it also is strategically acquiring other compatible financial businesses or software which demonstrate strong growth potential stemming from a solid business plan. We have identified prospective opportunities and continue with due diligence efforts that will and do include testing software performance within funded external trading accounts. This quarter, the Company has again claimed income earned from its testing of strategies and software as revenue. However, the total amount of the funds traded and the time was reduced this quarter. Some revenue continues to come from a previously launched publication promoting a trading strategy using the Apple store and it successfully tests Apple revenue payment delivery. 
   
 Management will continue to expand upon trading its platform named Intuitrader and related software products, those acquired as well as those developed in-house. Any profits generated from funds used in live trading tests can be used to offset future development costs, which is planned to operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary. We constantly strive to pioneer original trading tools along with new approaches for managing risk. After beta testing, our proprietary custom charting tools and trading platforms will later be available to subscribers for a fee. 
   
 During the twelve months ended January 31, 2016, the Company was providing technical writing and computer assisted design services to other startups using a contractor, a related person (family member to the Chief Executive Officer), to generate certain additional revenues. We confirm that there is no consulting revenue this quarter as anticipated and if we are able to secure other contracts or raise the necessary funding, we will re-engage the contractor to work on projects. 
   
   2.  GOING CONCERN AND LIQUIDITY   
   
 As of July 31, 2016, the Company had cash of $861, insufficient revenue to meet its ongoing operating expenses, and liabilities of $474,978, accumulated losses of $936,461 and a shareholders  deficit of $329,548. 
   
 In the audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2016 and 2015, the Reports of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included an explanatory paragraph that describes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
   
 The unaudited financial statements for the six months ended July 31, 2016 have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company anticipates future losses in the development of its business raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and, or, obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand, loans, loans from directors and, or, the sale of common stock. There is no assurance that this series of events will be satisfactorily completed. 
   
 Financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
   3.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
   
  Basis of Presentation of Financial Statements  
   
 The accompanying unaudited financial statements of APT Systems have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  In our opinion the financial statements include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary in order to make the financial condensed statements not misleading.  Operating results for the six months ended July 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the final results that may be expected for the year ended January 31, 2017. 

8 

3.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)   
   
 For more complete financial information, these unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements for the year ended January 31, 2016 included in our Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 
   
  Use of Estimates and Assumptions  
   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires that management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that these estimates could be materially revised within the next year. 
   
  Foreign Currency Translation  
   
 The financial statements are presented in United States dollars. In accordance with ASC 830,   Foreign Currency Matters  , foreign denominated monetary assets and liabilities are translated into their United States dollar equivalents using foreign exchange rates which prevailed at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange during the year. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in results of operations. 
   
 Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are recorded in the statements of operations as a component of other income (expense). 
   
  Financial Instruments  
   
 Fair value measurements are determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.  Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820-10 establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation methodologies into the following three levels: 
   
 Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. A quoted price in an active market provides the most reliable evidence of fair value and must be used to measure fair value whenever available. 
   
 Level 2: Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
   
 Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs which reflect a reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use for pricing an asset or liability. For example, level 3 inputs would relate to forecasts of future earnings and cash flows used in a discounted future cash flows method. 
   
 The recorded amounts of financial instruments, including cash equivalents, investments, accounts payable, accrued expenses, note payable and loan from director approximate their market values as of July 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016 due to the intended short term maturities of these financial instruments. 
   
  Software  
   
 The Company has software that it uses for the development of certain mobile phone applications. The software and any upgrades are being amortized over useful lives ranging from 3   5 years. 
   
  Website  
   
 The Company accounts for website development costs in accordance with ACS 350-50   Website Development Costs  . Costs incurred to register domain names, integrated databases and add additional functionality are being amortized over 1   3 years. Costs incurred in general maintenance of the website or hosting costs are expensed as incurred. 

9 

3.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)   
   
  Revenue Recognition  
   
 The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer; (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 
   
  Research and Development Costs  
   
 Any costs incurred in research and development are listed separately and expensed as incurred. 
   
  Deferred Financing Costs  
   
 Costs with respect to issue of common stock, warrants, stock options or debt instruments by the Company are initially deferred and ultimately offset against the proceeds from such equity transactions or amortized as debt discount over the term of any debt funding if successful or expensed if the proposed equity or debt transaction is unsuccessful.  
   
 For the six month period ended July 31, 2016 and as of January 31, 2016, the Company had refundable deposits outstanding of $11,000 and $11,000, respectively.  The deposits were made to two consulting companies that were to assist the Company in obtaining a $125,000 bridge loan to be utilized by the Company for its public registration purposes, and to assist the Company with an $8,000,000 private equity placement.  The deposits are refundable for non-performance.  As of the date of this report, neither the bridge loan nor the private placement had been secured.  
   
 To date, one consulting firm has refunded to the Company $1,500 of the $4,000 that they were paid as part of their obligation to refund amounts on deposit for non-performance under the agreements.  As of July 31, 2016, no successful equity or debt funding is expected to arise from these payments and as repayment of the remaining amounts owed to the Company on these agreements is uncertain, $11,000 or 100% of the outstanding balance of the deferred financing costs has been written off effective January 31, 2015. 
   
  Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets  
   
 In the event that facts and circumstances indicated that the cost of long-lived and intangible assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability will be performed. If an evaluation is required, the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset were compared to the asset's carrying amount to determine if a write-down to market value or discounted cash flow value is required. 
   
  Advertising costs  
   
 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. The Company recorded advertising and promotional costs of $11,536 and $0 for the six months ending July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  For the three months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, advertising and promotional costs were $0. 
   
  Income Taxes  
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740   Income Taxes  . Under FASB ASC 740, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial statement reported amounts at each period end, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax expense for the period, if any, and the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. FASB ASC 740 also provides criteria for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions. Under FASB ASC 740, the impact of an uncertain tax position on the income tax return may only be recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company has no unrecognized tax benefits. 

10 

3.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)   
   
  Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share  
   
 The Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260,   Earnings per Share   which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period including stock options, using the treasury stock method, and convertible preferred stock, using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. For the six month ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company did have potentially dilutive debt instruments that have been excluded from the earnings per share calculation; as such an inclusion would have been anti-dilutive due to the losses incurred in both periods.  
   
  Stock Based Compensation  
   
 The Company accounts for employee and non-employee stock awards under ASC 718 and ASC 505, whereby equity instruments issued to employees for services are recorded based on the fair value of the instrument issued and those issued to non-employees are recorded based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument, whichever is more reliably measurable. The Company has adopted a stock option plan, as disclosed in  Note 8   Stockholders  Deficit  below.  During the six month periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, no stock options had been issued or outstanding to date. 
   
 The Company accounts for stock-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50,  Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.  Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date. 
   
  Trading Investments   
   
 The Company s trading investments are reported at fair value, with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. 
   
 In February of 2016, the Company contracted traders as testers as part of the due diligence process to test strategies, indicator reliability and trading platforms within their designated accounts. The contracted traders could use funds for trading securities or derivatives, which mainly consisted of various options, currency pairs and futures. All trading activities will return to cash after the strategies are monitored over a reasonable period of time. While, the Company s business model is not investing, short term investing is required to test elements of the software including connectivity to independent brokers. As of July 31, 2016, the fair value of trading accounts collectively was $12,539. Note that some funds were recalled from the trading accounts which contributed to less returns being generated for this quarter. In addition, testing was only conducted in the month of July. 

Beneficial Conversion Features  
   
 If the conversion features of conventional convertible debt provides for a rate of conversion that is below market value, this feature is characterized as a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ). A BCF is recorded by the Company as a debt discount pursuant to ASC Topic 470-20  Debt with Conversion and Other Options.  In those circumstances, the convertible debt is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF and the Company amortizes the discount to interest expense over the life of the debt using the effective interest method. 
   
  Business Segments   
   
 The Company believes that its activities during the six month periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 comprised a single segment. 

11 

3.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)   
   
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 amends the guidance for revenue recognition to replace numerous, industry specific requirements and converges areas under this topic with those of the International Financial Reporting Standards. The ASU implements a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. The amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. Other major provisions include the capitalization and amortization of certain contract costs, ensuring the time value of money is considered in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. The amendments in this ASU are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is prohibited. Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our condensed financial statements and disclosures. 
   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern. If such conditions or events exist, disclosures are required that enable users of the financial statements to understand the nature of the conditions or events, management's evaluation of the circumstances and management's plans to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. The Company will be required to perform an annual assessment of its ability to continue as a going concern when this standard becomes effective on January 1, 2017; however, the adoption of this guidance is not expected to impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
   4.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   
   
 Effective November 1, 2013, the Company began to accrue a monthly salary of $5,000 per month for the President on an ongoing basis. Accrued officer compensation as of July 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016 was $155,300 and $125,300 respectively. The accrued compensation will only be paid as and when the directors decide the Company has sufficient liquidity to pay some, or all, of the amounts accrued. The President of the Company can elect at any time to convert some, or all, of her accrued compensation into shares of the Company s common stock at the market price at the date of conversion. Market price will be either the publicly quoted share price, when such a publicly quoted price becomes available, or the last cash price the Company received for the sale of its common shares. The President has deferred her decision until January 15, 2017 and will be provided to the Board of Directors before our financial year end. 
   
 As of July 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016, the Company owed the President $3,168 and $2,672 respectively by way of loans. As of July 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016, the Company repaid the President s short term advance of $3,655 and  $8,540 respectively. The loans are unsecured, due on demand and interest free. 
   
 During the twelve months ended January 31, 2015, the Company commenced providing consulting, technical writing and computer assisted design services to other startups provided by a contractor, a related person (family member to the Chief Executive Officer) to generate certain additional revenues. In this quarter no contracts were accepted and these revenues ended as anticipated. The Company paid $0 and $13,365 to the related party contractor in respect of the provision of these services during the six months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   
   5.  SOFTWARE    
   
 The Company has software that it uses for the development of certain mobile phone applications. The software and any upgrades are being amortized over useful lives ranging from 3   5 years.  The Company recorded amortization expense of $500 and $478 for the three months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,000 and $1,112 for the six months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

12 

6.  CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE, RELATED AND UNRELATED PARTIES    
   
 On January 8, 2014 the Company issued an unsecured convertible note to one accredited investor (as that term is defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) in the aggregate amount of $50,000.  This convertible note accrues interest at the rate of 19% per annum and is convertible only when a  qualifying financing  event takes place. The Company secured an initial extension of the convertible note to January 29, 2015 and subsequently a further extension to December 31, 2016. The note has been reduced to $49,500 through the sale of part of the debt to an unrelated third party. 
   
 The note, but none of the accrued unpaid interest thereon, may convert into equity securities at the option of the holder if the Company issues equity securities and any other indebtedness in aggregate with gross proceeds of $1,200,000, including conversion of the note (a  Qualified Financing ).  The conversion price is equal to 80% of the per share price paid by the purchasers of such equity securities in the Qualified Financing.  Accrued and unpaid interest will be paid by the Company at time of conversion. 
   
 If a Qualified Financing has not occurred and the Company elects to consummate a sale of the company prior to the maturity date of the note, the Company will give the holder a minimum ten days prior written notice of an anticipated closing date of such sale of the Company in order that the holder may consider a conversion of their note into equity in advance of a sale transaction. 
   
 No value had been assigned to the conversion feature attached to this note prior, as the possibility of the Company completing such a Qualifying Financing or completing a sale of the Company before January 31, 2016 was considered to be very remote. 
   
 On April 17, 2015, the Company received $5,000 by way of an unsecured short-term loan from a non-related party for a term of 60 days that was later extended until April 23, 2017.  Principal and interest at 8% per annum accrued thereon are due and payable on April 23, 2017. Also, the lender has the right to convert the principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company s common stock at $.01 cents. The conversion rate is currently close to the fair market value of the Company s common shares. 
   
 On October 2, 2015, the Company received $12,500 by way of an unsecured short-term loan from a non-related party for a term of one year.  Principal and interest at 8% per annum accrued thereon are due and payable on October 1, 2016. Also, the lender has the right to convert the principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company s common stock. The conversion rate is equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of conversion. This loan has been extended until Oct 1, 2017 (See subsequent events). 
   
 The Company had executed three lending arrangements with a related party, affiliated to the CEO of the company.  The effective dates of the loans are November 24, 2015, December 8, 2015 and January 14, 2016.  The loan amounts are $3,000, $16,121 and $1,500, respectively, with interest accruing at 5% per annum.  Repayment is in one lump sum due and payable on or before December 31, 2018, December 31, 2018 and January 31, 2019, respectively.  
   
 The Company has executed two additional notes with the same related party. The effective dates of the additional loans are March 10, 2016 and March 15, 2016.  The loan amounts are $2,770 and $2,885, respectively, with interest accruing at 5% per annum. Repayment is in one lump sum due and payable on or before January 31, 2019. All notes are convertible, at the holder s request, into shares of the Company s common stock at the rate of $9.50 per share.  
   
 In February and March of 2016, the Company entered into two loan agreements with unrelated parties for $33,000 and $25,600, respectively. The notes are due and payable twelve months from the issuance date and bear interest at 8% per annum. If the Notes are paid off prior to the due date, the Company is required to pay the face amount plus a scaled penalty ranging from 10% to 35% depending on the repayment date. Also noted, after 181 days from the issuance date, the Note is convertible into the shares of the Company s common stock. The conversion rate is equal to 55% of the market price during the previous 10 trading days. The loans will become due in August and September 2016. (See subsequent events). 
   
 In April 2016, the Company entered into an agreement ( Investment Agreement ) for an unrelated third party ( Investor ) to purchase up to $5,000,000 of the Company s common stock. In conjunction with the Investment Agreement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement ( Registration Agreement ). The Registration Agreement requires the Company to use its best effort, within thirty days, to file with the SEC a Form S-1 ( Registration Statement ) covering a certain number of shares to be used for the Investment Agreement.  Upon the effective date of the Company s Registration Statement, the Company has the right to put ( Put Notice ) to the investor, for purchase, certain amount of shares of the Company s common stock. For each Put Notice, the number of shares shall be equal to one-hundred and fifty percent of the average of the daily trading dollar volume of the Company s common stock for the ten consecutive trading days immediately prior to the Put Notice, so long as such amount does not exceed an accumulative amount per month of $150,000, unless prior approval of the Investor. 

13 

6.  CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE, RELATED AND UNRELATED PARTIES (continued)   
   
 In Conjunction with Investment Agreement, the Company entered issued two promissory Notes to the Investor in the amounts of $46,000 and $55,000. Both promissory notes accrue interest at the rate of 10% per annum and are due seven months from the effective date of the Company s Registration Statement. The first tranche of proceeds of $20,000 from the promissory note were used to pay the Company s fees associated with the Investment Agreement. The proceeds from the $55,000 promissory note are to be used to pay the Company s commitment fee to the Investor.  The Investor did not advance the second tranche of the promissory note of $46,000 after the S-1 was filed on May 16, 2016. Further review of the S-1 by the Securities Exchange Commission has been set aside by the Company as it does not currently trade on the OTCQB marketplace. While the company may upgrade from the OTC Pink status at a cost of $12,500, it did not qualify to do so during this quarter. A board decision on this matter is further complicated by the decision of our counsel to end their security practice in June of this year. 
   
 As part of an agreement with Investors, the company retained legal counsel and prepared an S-1 filing outlining the details of the agreement for consideration and approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in May.  We are discussing this matter with the Investor and have not reached any conclusions other than the notes are not in default at this time. 
   
   7.  NOTES PAYABLE   
   
 In November 2014, the Company received $5,000 by way of an unsecured short-term loan from a non-related party for a term of nine months at 10% interest due upon repayment. The note payable and accrued interest was scheduled to be repaid on May 21, 2015. The Company was successful in obtaining an extension until December 31, 2015 upon making an interim renewal payment of $400. As of July 31, 2016, we are in default under the loan agreement.  
   
 The Company entered into a stock transfer agency agreement dated November 19, 2014 with Pacific Stock Transfer. As part of the agreement, amounts owed to the Company s previous stock transfer agent of $7,430 were paid by Pacific Stock Transfer, of which $2,189 is to be repaid to Pacific Stock Transfer by the Company in installments of $250 per month beginning on January 3, 2015. Accordingly we also recognized a $5,242 gain on the settlement of the $7,430 balance of accounts payable by assuming a loan of $2,189. Interest at 5% per annum accrues on the unpaid balance of the loan for each month. As of July 31, 2016, we are in default under this loan agreement. However, in August we renegotiated the terms for this loan and are no longer in default. (See subsequent events). 
   
 The Company had executed four short-term lending arrangements with a non-related party.  The effective dates of the loans are May 1, 2015, June 22, 2015, June 27, 2015 and September 22, 2015.  The loan amounts are $25,000, $3,000, $2,700 and $1,950, respectively, with interest accruing at 5% per annum. Repayment is in one lump sum due and payable on or before December 4 through January 31, 2016. The repayment date had been extended through to July 31, 2016 for the $25,000 loan. The other outstanding notes were extended to January 31, 2017 (See subsequent events). The note for $25,000 was sold in June after adding an allowance to facilitate a conversion to 2,500,000 free trading shares on May 27 th . The Directors agreed to approve the conversion of the note at $.01 (at a discount of $.006 creating a BCF of $15,000) and thereby extinguishing the debt upon the sale. 
   
 One of the Trader agreements included monthly compensation and to this end, part of the fees were paid in cash and then part of the fees were offset with a non convertible note for $7,000 that is payable on or before June of 2017. 
   
   8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    
   
 On July 8, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement to issue 100,000 shares of its common stock as a deposit to acquire software and against an option to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of AZUR Universal Inc., subject to certain terms and conditions. At the date of this report certain due diligence remained to be completed.  The common shares due were issued in March of 2016 as the directors wanted to continue exploring the merits and timing of this software acquisition. Additional 900,000 common shares were fully issued in August of 2016 to complete the full purchase transaction at the agreed sum. The shares will be formally released upon receiving all software code and documentation as items are outstanding. 
   
 The Company is required to file its annual and quarterly financial reports with SEDAR in Canada. Due to delays in filing its financial statements and other possible forms, the Company believes it may be subject to certain potentially significant penalties to be levied by the Alberta Securities Commission (ASC). These fines have now been stated to be CDN$10,120 or approximately US$7,500 as advised and invoiced by the ASC, and have been accrued into the financial statements as of July 31, 2016. The Company is considering engaging its legal counsel to assist in reducing or eliminating these penalties. Further correspondence has been delivered to the ASC after filing the 10-K for January 31, 2016. The previous 10q ending April 30, 2016 was filed with SEDAR and this is ongoing. 

14 

9.  STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT   
   
   Preferred Shares   
   
 The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. 
   
 No shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding during the six months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. 
   
   Common Shares   
   
 The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share.  
   
 On March 18, 2016, the directors approved 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock be issued to Azur Universal Inc and were issued at $.65 per share as per the agreement signed July 8, 2014 (See Note 7). The amount was recorded as deposit on software acquisition under other current assets. 
   
 The Company has retained three unrelated parties as Consultants to help develop investor awareness in the Company through varied campaigns that revolve around contacting known sophisticated investors through media outlets, newsletters, emails and direct telephone calls. The consultants are compensated in combination of cash and restricted common shares. In May and June, the Company issued 5,783,333 shares of its common stock for services rendered by unrelated third parties. This represents payments to invoices totaling $269,183. 
   
 On July 20, 2016, the directors approved 900,000 of the Company s shares (book value of $26,100) be issued to Azur Universal Inc and were issued at $.029 cents per share to acquire the license rights and source code for the Global Trader software. The directors proceeded with purchasing the asset and declined to purchase the company at this time. An 8-K form was filed and a press release was sent out. 
   
 The Company also filed an 8-K form, in May, noting a share buyback program adopted by the directors to help offset future share dilution stemming from borrowing activities. The directors believe it is important to demonstrate confidence in the strength of our business plan and to reinforce our ongoing commitment to improving shareholder returns. To date no shares have been purchased and we are continuing to work with our broker dealer to establish an active account and trading plan.  
   
  STOCK OPTIONS  
   
 The Company adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) on January 31, 2012, reserving 5,500,000 shares for future issuances, of which a maximum of 2,500,000 may be issued as incentive stock options.  The Plan provides for the issuance of non-statutory stock options or restricted stock to officers and employees, with an exercise price that is at least equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Vesting terms and the lives of the options are to be determined by the Board of Directors upon grant.  As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, no options have been issued under this Plan. 
   
   10.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
   
 The Company had retained TESO Communications as its Investor Relations and Public Relations manager and under the agreement the Company may pay the invoice with cash or by issuing shares against the invoices submitted.  The Directors opted to issue shares before the end of the initial agreement period of January 16, 2015 but the same were not yet issued.  The agreement represented a cash payment of $25,000 or the issuance of 50,000 restricted common shares at the completion of the agreement which has been extended to May 15, 2016 has now ended and the company still awaits their final invoice to complete matters. 
   
 The Company renegotiated its loan received on November 19, 2014 and consolidated accounts payable due to Pacific Stock Transfer Agents on August 11 th , 2016. The new loan in the amount of $7,407 is for a period of two years with interest forgiveness clause upon making all payments due within the term. This removes previously reported loan default status. 
   
 On October 2, 2015, the Company received $12,500 by way of an unsecured short-term loan from a non-related party for a term of one year.  The parties mutually agreed to extend the due of this loan until Oct 1, 2017 at the same terms. 

15 

10.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued)   
   
 The convertible loan that was due on August 13, 2016 had been designated to be repaid in two stages as there was concern for the entire loan to be converted at current share prices. The outstanding portion of the loans converted to date representing part of the 23,232,785 restricted and non-restricted common shares issued in the third quarter. The second convertible loan is due on September 14, 2016 and it is anticipated that at least part of this loan will be repaid if possible as well. The Company borrowed $20,000 that is not convertible in nature and has allowed a partial conversion of the loans to reduce its liabilities and to provide further liquidity with free trading shares. We borrowed an additional $25,900 non-convertible note as a short term bridge to facilitate longer term financial plans under discussion. Due to timing on the release of funds on this non-convertible note, we obtained a short term convertible loan from a non-related party, to assist with cash flow in the amount of $15,750; this is scheduled to be repaid within 60 days and no interest is due if repaid on time. We have the funds set aside to meet this requirement. 
   
 At the end of July, the Directors provided instruction to the transfer agent to issue 900,000 restricted common shares to Azur Universal to complete acquisition of the Global Trader software. These shares were formally issued and sent out in early August and appear on the registry accordingly. 
   
 The President and CEO opened a trading account and has purchased shares at market value. Her decision to slowly acquire up to 3M shares in the open market demonstrates the high level of confidence and commitment to the business plan. 
   
 The Company has also opened a corporate trading account and will be funding this account from cash flow and or loans as stated in the 8-K filed with SEC. 
   
 The performance of some of the consultants retained by the Company has been disappointing and the Company is seeking reimbursement or return of shares issued in some cases. The Company is committed to providing good investor awareness programs for its stakeholders and will be seeking replacements. 
   
 In accordance with  ASC 855, Subsequent Events , the Company has evaluated events that occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date through the date of available issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. The Company determined that other than as disclosed above, there were no material reportable subsequent events to be disclosed. 

16 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND PLAN OF OPERATION  
   
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the condensed financial statements and notes thereto included in, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This item contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements. 
   
  Forward-Looking Statements  
   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements regarding us, our business, prospects and results of operations that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties posed by many factors and events that could cause our actual business, prospects and results of operations to differ materially from those that may be anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect such forward-looking statements include, without limitation: our ability to successfully develop new products and services for new markets; the impact of competition on our revenues, changes in law or regulatory requirements that adversely affect or preclude clients from using us for certain applications; delays our introduction of new products or services; and our failure to keep pace with our competitors. 
   
 When used in this discussion, words such as  believes ,  anticipates ,  expects ,  intends  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may subsequently arise. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, particularly the Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
   
  Overview and History  
   
 APT Systems, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on October 29, 2010. The Company has not as yet generated significant sales revenues as its key products are still under development. Its limited start-up operations have consisted of the formation of the Company, development of its business plan, identification of its target market, naming its software Intuitrader, and limited research towards the development of its software products. However, the company was able to engage in testing trading strategies and products in a limited fashion in 2016. During the twelve months ended January 31, 2016, the Company continued providing technical writing and computer assisted design services to other startups using a contractor, a related person (family member to the Chief Executive Officer), to generate certain additional revenues. We would anticipate that this consulting revenue will eventually diminish entirely. We plan on raising additional funds by issuing shares but do not rule out the possibility of additional loans. However, there is no guarantee we will be successful in raising sufficient funding to progress with the implementation of our business plan. 
   
 We have not been subject to any bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceeding. 
   
 We are a company that specializes in the creation of innovative equities trading platforms. We are focusing on the mobile device market where we intend to develop and publish custom technical analysis indicators and trading systems both in-house and for third parties. In addition, we intend to develop a user friendly charting tool that displays price action and historic pricing for publicly traded companies. This charting tool and the charts that it produces can be configured to the user s preferred view such as a line chart or candlestick chart, and the user shall be able to adjust the chart intervals as the user desires. We plan to utilize real time and delayed data networks along with graphic techniques which will provide solutions that can speak to the mobile needs to be demanded by the next generation of equity, currency, futures and commodity traders. 
   
 In order to advance itself during its development stage, APT Systems can roll out traditional trading tools and publish charts for the hand held market to test plans and generate cash flow. However, these tools would be invigorated with leading edge graphics and networking technology to become desirable real-time and interactive trading assistance software. In addition, the company was recently in contact with potential educators for its products and for general education of its clients in trading techniques. 
   
 APT services can extend to include: 

Financial Software and Analytical Software Development 

Algorithmic Applied Technology 

Trading Platform Refinement and Linking to Brokerage Accounts 

Analytical Charting Software Development 

17 

The steps remaining for us to begin selling our products listed above are to finalize the programming of the software used in our products, specifically our dimensional charting tools, begin sales and marketing campaigns, contact prospective licensees, and deliver our products, which we expect to complete in less than 180 days after our initial contact with prospective licensees. Our app would be available to users on a subscription fee plan and we plan to grant licenses in our app to financial companies and brokerage firms for use by their employees and clients. The goal is to have our product used by both handheld (tablet and Smartphone application users) and web based clients. 
   
 With its currently limited financial resources, the Company has only been able to make very limited progress in developing its business activities since inception and is examining other acquisition opportunities as a means to enhance overall operations. 
   
 On February 19, 2014, the Company had received notice from FINRA that the trading symbol APTY has been allocated to  APT Systems, Inc.  We prepared an application for DTCC eligibility to allow the markets access to trade our shares electronically. We anticipated our approval would assist us in achieving our financial goals and help to attract investors. 
   
   Needs Assessment   
   
 Management believes the principal growth area in the personal computer market today is that of Smartphones and portable tablet devices.  These mobile devices usually allow full time internet connectivity which makes them an ideal stage for a mobile equity-trading platform. Instead of merely porting existing software to allow on-the-go research and trading, we envision for our future products an information-dense and interactive display of the financial markets. At this time, we believe that the future interactive display will include three dimensional imaging that we intend to use to provide financial information in new ways that can better assist novice users learning about publicly traded companies and those users who are trading equities.  
   
   Distribution methods of the products or services   
   
 To facilitate marketing plans, our products and platforms will be available initially in the  App Store  managed by Apple Inc. Later, these same products will be available to audiences that prefer using other Smartphones such as Google s Android or the BlackBerry.  Especially in the case of Apple, these companies will provide marketing infrastructure to help developers reach their users and justify costs related to selling products from their app stores.  These options will be fully explored and implemented as it makes sense to do so. 
   
 To further facilitate viral marketing plans, the Company products will be available for a very small downloading charge or in some cases free.  The Company is investigating a tiered subscription revenue model and revenue for providing licenses to others.  
   
 The Company will identify and address the target market for its services with apps, and demonstrate how it can help users optimize mobile devices for trading of equities in the North American markets. 
   
  Organization  
   
 We are comprised of one corporation and do not have any subsidiaries but do not rule out the future possibility of acquiring or creating subsidiaries. At this time, all of our operations are conducted through this corporation. 
   
  Competition  
   
   The market for financial services software and services is competitive, rapidly evolving and highly sensitive to new product introductions and marketing efforts by industry participants, although high conversion costs can create barriers to adoption of new products or technologies. The market is fragmented and served by both large-scale firms with broad offerings as well as firms that target only local markets or specific types of clients. We also face   competition from information systems developed and serviced internally by the IT departments of large financial services firms. We believe that we can compete effectively by providing software contained in a mobile application, which provides buy/sell suggestions, and trading ability, although some of our existing competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, distribution and marketing resources than we have and may offer products with different functions or features that are more attractive to potential customers than our offerings.  
   
 Moreover, it is not our intent to compete with larger financial services firms, but rather to facilitate more trades by better informing our clients and providing them with better trading tools. The trading tools such as dimensional charts may be licensed to these same banks and brokers or subscribed to by users, directly. We believe that we can work with the banks and brokerage firms who offer online and Smartphone trading access by providing them with a more effective analysis tool for their current and future clients. 

18 

Contracted Consultants  
   
 We currently have one consultant under contract. Mr. Gagnon is the only officer with a formal consulting agreement that was amended to accommodate a leave of absence on June 15, 2013. However, he will continue to serve as an officer and director of the Company during his leave from active consulting. Our other officers and directors currently provide some services on a consultant basis without compensation. Based upon the amount of the proceeds from additional sales of our common stock, other future employees and directors may receive salaries. Once we generate sufficient revenue, future salaries for all parties will be evaluated at that time. 
   
 Effective November 1, 2013, the Company began to accrue a monthly salary of $5,000 per month for Ms. Dowie on an ongoing basis.  As of July 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016, accrued officer compensation was $155,300 and $125,300, respectively. The accrued compensation will only be paid as and when the directors decide the Company has sufficient liquidity to pay some, or all, of the amounts accrued.  Ms. Dowie can elect at any time to give notice to convert some, or all, of her accrued compensation into shares of the Company s common stock as determined by the Board of Directors and its legal advisors.  
   
 During the six months ended July 31, 2016, the Company no longer is providing technical writing and computer assisted design services to other startups provided by a contractor, a related person, a family member to the Chief Executive Officer. The Company paid $0 and $13,365 to the related party contractor in respect of the provision of these services during the six months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  Intellectual Property Information  
   
   Our success and ability to compete will be dependent to a significant degree on our   intellectual property, which may include our trade name, trading models, and visual charts. We intend to develop our technology internally and we will rely primarily on domain registration, trade secret, trademark, copyright, domain name, patent and contract law to protect our   intellectual property. It is our intention to enter into confidentiality,   intellectual property invention assignment and/or non-competition and non-solicitation agreements or restrictions with our employees, independent contractors and business partners, and to control access to and distribution of our   intellectual property. Currently, we do not have any registered copyrights or patents; however, we may secure such registrations in the future. 
   
  Government Regulation  
   
 We do not expect to be subject to material governmental regulation. However, it is our policy to fully comply with all governmental regulation and regulatory authorities. 
   
  Research and Development  
   
 We have spent $500 and $0 respectively in the six months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, on research and development of our website and mobile applications. We plan to spend further funds on research and development activities in the future as the development of our software applications continue and we raise the necessary funding required.   
   
  Environmental Compliance  
   
 We believe that we are not subject to any material costs for compliance with any environmental laws. 
   
   Results of Operations   
   
 We have little operating history upon which to evaluate our intended business and sales. In addition, we have a history of losses. Our activities have been directed at developing our business plans as to eventually generate significant revenues.  
   
  For the three and six Months Ended July 31, 2016 Compared to the three and six Months Ended July 31, 2015  
   
  Revenue  
   
 The Company generated $0 in consulting revenue in during the three and six months ended July 31, 2016 compared to $8,680 and $18,193 of revenue during the three and six months ended July 31, 2015, respectively, and $27 book revenues for the three and six month period ended July 31, 2016 compared to $0 during the three and six months ending July 31, 2015. As a startup company, we have generated only nominal revenue that does exceed our expenses.  
   
  Cost of Revenue  
   
 During the three and six months ended July 31, 2016, the Company paid $0 in contract labor   related party, associated with the consulting revenue generated for the same time period, as compared with $6,364 and $13,365 for the three and six months ended July 31, 2015, a decrease of $13,365 or 100%. 

19 

Operating (Income) Expenses  
   
 Operating expenses were $114,950 and $329,765 for the three and six month period ended July 31, 2016 compared to $37,361 and $60,872 for the three and six month period ended July 31, 2015, increases of $77,589 and $268,893, respectively. The increase in operating expenses for the three months ended July 31, 2016 as compared to the three months ended July 31, 2015 was due to an increase in investor and public relations expenses of $55,551 and financial consulting fees of $21,967, as well as a reduction of $14,200 in legal expenses.  The increase in operating expenses for the six months ended July 31, 2016 as compared to the six months ended July 31, 2015 was primarily due an increase in legal fees from $0 to $14,200, investor and public relations consulting fees of $174,551 and outside financial consulting fees of $21,967, compared to $0. In addition, the Company engaged with outside foreign currency traders incurring consulting fees of $3,559 and $11,147 compared to $0 for the three and six month periods ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015.  The legal fees incurred in the six months ended July 31, 2016 primarily related to the preparation of the Company s form 10K for the year ended January 31, 2016 and for legal advice related to news releases, filings, corporate structuring, agreements related to proposed acquisitions and debt instrument reviews along with the submission of related S-1 filing. We did not use external attorneys in the preparation of the Company s form 10K for the year ended January 31, 2015 and consequently we did not incur comparable legal fees during the six months ended July 31, 2015.  
   
  Operating Loss  
   
 We incurred an operating loss of $114,923 and $329,738 for the three and six months ended July 31, 2016 compared to an operating loss of $35,045 and of $56,044 for the three and six months ended July 31, 2015, increases of $79,878 and $273,694, or 228%, and 488%, respectively, due to the factors described above. 
   
  Other income (Expense)  
   
 The Company recorded unrealized gains on trading transactions of $859 and $5,343 and other income of $0 for the three and six months ended July 31, 2016 compared with $0 for the three and six months ended July 31, 2015, respectively while testing software and strategies.  In addition, for the three and six month period ended July 31, 2016, $0 and $214 was refunded from SEDAR for overpaid filing fees incurred in prior periods, as compared with $0 for the three and six month period ended July 31, 2015.  The Company received $0 of refundable deferred financing costs previously written off during the three and six months ended July 31, 2016 and compared to $500 for the three and six months ended July 31, 2015. 
   
 Interest expense and amortization of debt discount for the three and six month period ended July 31, 2016 was $24,452 and $31,830 compared with $4,135 and $7,798 for the three and six month period ended July 31, 2015, increases of $20,317 and $24,032 or 491% and 308%. The increase was due primarily to the Company s increase in borrowings as referred to in Notes 4 and 6 to the unaudited financial statements above.  
   
  Net Loss  
   
 The Company incurred a net loss of $138,516 and $356,011 for the three and six months ended July 31, 2016 compared to a net loss of $38,680 and a loss of $63,342 for the three and six months ended July 31, 2015, increases of $99,836 and $292,669, or 258% and 462%, respectively, due to the factors discussed above. 
   
  Cash flow information for the six months ended July 31, 2016 is compared to the six months ended July 31, 2015  
   
 As of July 31, 2016, the Company had cash of $861, insufficient revenue to meet its ongoing operating expenses and liabilities of $474,978, accumulated losses of $936,461 and a stockholders  deficit of $329,548. 
   
 The unaudited financial statements for the six months ended July 31, 2016 have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company anticipates future losses in the development of its business raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and, or, obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand, loans, loans from directors and, or, the sale of common stock. There is no assurance that this series of events will be satisfactorily completed. 

20 

Net cash used for operating activities was $78,926 for the six month period ended July 31, 2016. This compares to net cash used for operating activities of $32,585 for the six month period ended July 31, 2015.  During the six months ended July 31, 2016 we incurred a loss of $356,011 which was increased due to unrealized gains on foreign currency transactions in the amount of $5,343, and partially reduced by the issuance of common stock for consulting services of $191,150, $15,000 of discount on the conversion of debt, $1000 of non-cash amortization expense and $4,141 of original issue discount amortization.  There was a $63,405 increase in operating liabilities, and a decrease of $7,732 in other current assets, investments and prepaid expenses, to arrive at cash used in operations of $78,926. By comparison, during the six months ended July 31, 2015 we incurred a loss of $63,342 which was partially reduced by $1,112 of non-cash amortization expense, an increase of $1,725 in unbilled revenue and a $31,370 increase in operating liabilities to arrive at cash used in operations of $32,585. 
   
 Cash flows (used in) investing activities were at $7,196 and $0 for the six month periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 arising from investing in foreign currency trading accounts. 
   
 Cash flows provided by financing activities were $86,150 for the six month period ended July 31, 2016 which compares to cash flows provided by financing activities of $32,088 for the six month period ended July 31, 2015. During the six months ended July 31, 2016 we received $4,150 of additional loans from one of our directors, made repayments to the same director in the amount of $3,655 and received $80,000 by way of short-term notes payable, and $5,655 in long-term debt.  By comparison, during the six months ended July 31, 2015, we received $4,928 in loans from one of our directors and made repayments to the same director in the amount of $8,570, and received $35,700 by way of a short-term note payable. No shares of our common stock were sold during the six months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements with any party. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
   
 As of July 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $861. As of January 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $833. 
   
 Net cash used for operating activities was $78,926 and $32,585 for the periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. 
   
 Cash flows used in investing activities was $7,196 and $0 for the six month periods ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively 
   
 Over the next twelve months we do expect some material capital costs to develop operations. Our estimated operating costs of $355,000 will be used for operations and reporting, but will be used to pay salaries as deemed reasonable by management. 
   
 To date, we have realized only nominal revenue.  As a result, we expect that we may need to engage in the private placement of our debt and equity securities in order to continue to fund operations. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability to raise an estimated $1.5 million to fully implement our business plan and to successfully develop and market our software, generate revenues and operate a profitable business. 
   
 In any case, we try to operate with minimal overhead while we undertake to attract participants to help build our products. Our primary activity will be to seek to develop clients for our services and, consequently, our sales. If we succeed in developing clients for our services and generating sufficient sales, we will have the potential to become profitable. We cannot guarantee that this will ever occur. Our plan is to build our company in any manner which will be successful and provide value for our shareholders. 
   
  Plan of Operation  
   
 Our business plan is to attract additional capital and sufficient product sales, and provide services within our present organizational structure and resources, to become profitable in our operations. 
   
  Marketing and Sales efforts:  
   
 Our marketing efforts will primarily be related to assuring our product is easily found in app stores and create a smooth downloading experience. We anticipate allocating seven percent of funds raised for marketing as well as generating product awareness through paid investor relations programs. We believe that there will be sufficient funds available if a suitable advertising opportunity presents itself.  

21 

Once the app is live and we have begun initial Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) work and internet marketing, we believe sales will be initially supported through the Apple store and our website. The website will be set up to record all visitors automatically and billing will be handled by Apple s extensive billing backend. This system will allow us to minimize staff, maintain efficient delivery of products, and keep records for both accounting and marketing. We also plan to work with some influencers in social media such as Twitter and FaceBook. 
   
 Successful implementation of the Company s business strategy depends on factors specific to the internet, regulations regarding equities trading, app development licenses and the hand held device industry and numerous other factors that may be beyond its control.  Adverse changes in the following factors could undermine its business strategy and have a material adverse effect on its business, its financial condition, and results of operations and cash flow: 

the competitive environment in the app sector that may force the Company to reduce prices below the optimal desired pricing level or increase promotional spending; 

the ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to meet customers  needs for trading products in a timely cost effective manner; and 

the ability to establish, maintain and eventually grow market share in a competitive environment. 
   
 For delivery of Company information globally, geopolitical changes, changes in trading regulations, currency fluctuations, natural disasters, pandemics and other factors beyond its control may increase the cost of items it purchases, create communication issues or render product delivery difficult which could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability. 
   
  Concurrent Developments   
   
 Future Trends use E-Books as a method for Training: Future product considerations revolve around enhanced or animated e-books. We believe consumers enjoy e-books because of their convenience and accessibility but they are similar in format to the traditional book. As animation is added to traditional images such as charts, this same technology can be applied to e-books to animate the content to better engage the reader. It is believed customers will soon demand interactive books that provide a much better, more informed educational experience and replace standard training techniques. New E-books with a view to training support will be made available after the sale of apps has commenced. 
   
  Consulting Services  
   
 During the six months ended July 31, 2016, the Company did not provide technical writing and computer assisted design services to other startups using a contractor to generate certain additional revenues. This revenue source diminished as anticipated and is $0 for the quarter ending July 31, 2016. 
   
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ( ASU 2014-09 ), which amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to be entitled when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The new revenue standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new revenue standard on its financial statements. 
   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern. If such conditions or events exist, disclosures are required that enable users of the financial statements to understand the nature of the conditions or events, management's evaluation of the circumstances and management's plans to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. The Company will be required to perform an annual assessment of its ability to continue as a going concern when this standard becomes effective on January 1, 2017; however, the adoption of this guidance is not expected to impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
  Seasonality  
   
 We do not expect our revenues to be impacted by seasonal demands for our services. 

22 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
   
 As a  smaller  reporting  company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation  S-K, the Company is not required to provide information required by this Item. 
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
   
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of July 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms due to material weaknesses in our internal controls described below. 
   
  Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control system is intended to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements and that we have controls and procedures designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we will be required to file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management as appropriate to allow timely and informed decisions regarding financial disclosure. 
   
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016. Based on this assessment, management believes that as of July 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on those criteria. 
   
 Management s assessment identified several material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses include the following: 

Lack of appropriate segregation of duties; 

Limited capability to interpret and apply accounting principles generally accepted in the United States; 

Lack of formal accounting policies and procedures that include multiple levels of review. 
   
  Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures   
   
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Our control systems are designed to provide such reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
   
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
   
 We have made no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

23 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm  
   
 This report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 240.13a-15 or Rule 240.15d-15 of this chapter that occurred during the registrant s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
   PART II OTHER INFORMATION   
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
 During the six months ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no legal proceedings, to which we are a party, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results and none are threatened or pending to the best of our knowledge. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
   
 As a  smaller  reporting  company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation  S-K, the Company is not required to provide information required by this Item. 
   
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS . 
   
 On March 18, 2016, the directors approved 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock be issued to Azur Universal Inc and were issued at $0.65 per share as per the agreement signed July 8, 2014. The amount was recorded as deposit on software acquisition under other current assets. A further 900,000 shares were issued to Azur Universal Inc to complete the acquisition of the software and were issued at $.029 per common share. 
   
  ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
   
 As of October 31, 2015, we were in default under the terms of an agreement to repay $2,189, together with accrued interest at 5% per annum, to Pacific Stock Transfer in installments of $250 per month beginning on January 3, 2015. However, we were able to renegotiate this loan after the quarter ended (Please see Subsequent Events).  
   
 In November 2014, the Company received $5,000 by way of an unsecured short-term loan from a non-related party for a term of nine months at 10% interest due upon repayment. The note payable and accrued interest was scheduled to be repaid on May 21, 2015. The Company was successful in obtaining an extension until December 31, 2015 upon making an interim renewal payment of $400. As of July 31, 2016, we are in default under the loan agreement.  There can be no assurance that we will be able to reach any further agreement to extend or amend the terms of the agreement with this creditor or that we will be able to raise the funding necessary to repay the balances due under this agreement. The initiation of any collection action by any creditor may affect our ability to execute on our business plan.  
   
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
   
 Not applicable to our Company. 
   
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  
   
 None. 

24 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   
   
 EXHIBITS. The following exhibits required by Item 601 to be filed herewith are incorporated by reference to previously filed documents: 

Exhibit Number   
     Description   

3.1* 
   Articles of Incorporation 

3.2* 
   Bylaws 

31.1 
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 

31.2 
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302  

31.3 
   Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 

32.1 
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 

32.2 
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 

32.3 
   Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 

Exhibit 101.INS 
   XBRL Instance Document (1) 

Exhibit 101.SCH 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 

Exhibit 101.CAL 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 

Exhibit 101.DEF 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 

Exhibit 101.LAB 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1) 

Exhibit 101.PRE 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 

(1) 
   Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  

* Previously filed with Form S-1 Registration Statement, May 23, 2012 

25 

SIGNATURES  
   
 In accordance with Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on  October 5 , 2016. 
   
  APT Systems, Inc.  

By: 
  /s/ Glenda Dowie  
  
        Glenda Dowie, President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
  /s/ Carl Hussey  
  
        Carl Hussey, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed   below by the following person on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on the date indicated. 

/s/ Glenda Dowie  
   President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
   October 5, 2016 
  
   Glenda Dowie 
   Title 
   Date 

/s/ Joseph Gagnon  
   Secretary, Chief Technical Officer and Director 
   October 5, 2016 
  
   Joseph Gagnon 
   Title 
   Date 

/s/ Carl Hussey  
   Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
   October 5, 2016 
  
   Carl Hussey 
   Title 
   Date 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q073116_ex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 I, Glenda Dowie, certify that: 
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of APT Systems, Inc.; 
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 a) all deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 5, 2016 
     
    /s/ Glenda Dowie  

Glenda Dowie 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q073116_ex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 Section 302 Certification 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 I, Carl Hussey, certify that: 
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of APT Systems, Inc.; 
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 a) all deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 5, 2016 
     
    /s/ Carl Hussey  

Carl Hussey 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q073116_ex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 Certification 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of APT Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Glenda Dowie, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
   
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:  October 5, 2016 
     
    /s/ Glenda Dowie  

Glenda Dowie 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q073116_ex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 Section 906 Certification 

EXHIBIT 32.2  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of APT Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jim Gagnon, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
   
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:  October 5, 2016 
     
    /s/ Jim Gagnon  

Jim Gagnon 

Chief Technical Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 6
 f10q073116_ex32z3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.3 Section 906 Certification 

EXHIBIT 32.3  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of APT Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Carl Hussey, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
   
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:  October 5, 2016 
     
    /s/ Carl Hussey  

Carl Hussey 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.3>

