<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161011_10-Q_edgar_data_108516_0001193125-16-735608_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4830996</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>111257</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>294706</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1120245</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2187673</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>955056</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-735608.hdr.sgml : 20161011
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161011151205
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-735608
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161011
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161011

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108516
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES & ROLLING & FINISHING MILLS [3310]
		IRS NUMBER:				311189815
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08399
		FILM NUMBER:		161930955

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 OLD WILSON BRIDGE ROAD
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43085
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6144383210

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 OLD WILSON BRIDGE ROAD
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43085

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORTHINGTON STEEL CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-735608.txt : 20161011

10-Q
 1
 d240057d10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Quarterly Report 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549
       FORM 10-Q        
 
  For the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016      OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                                 to
                                   
  Commission File Number 001-08399        WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)       

Ohio   
      
  31-1189815   

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   
      
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

200 Old Wilson Bridge Road, Columbus, Ohio   
      
  43085   

(Address of principal executive offices)   
      
  (Zip Code)   

Not applicable   
 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.      YES         NO           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  YES         NO  
         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer   

Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer   
     
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
      
    Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
     YES         NO            APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. On
September 30, 2016, the number of Common Shares, without par value, issued and outstanding was 63,496,093.   

Table of Contents  

      TABLE OF CONTENTS    

Safe Harbor Statement     

ii  

Part I. Financial Information     

Item 1.   
      
   Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Consolidated Balance Sheets   August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016    

1  

Consolidated Statements of Earnings   Three Months Ended August 31, 2016 and
2015    

2  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   Three Months Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015

3  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Three Months Ended August 31, 2016 and
2015    

4  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements     

5  

Item 2.   
      
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

20  

Item 3.   
      
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

31  

Item 4.   
      
   Controls and Procedures    

31  

Part II. Other Information     

Item 1.   
      
   Legal Proceedings    

32  

Item 1A.   
      
   Risk Factors    

32  

Item 2.   
      
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

32  

Item 3.   
      
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities (Not applicable)    

33  

Item 4.   
      
   Mine Safety Disclosures (Not applicable)    

33  

Item 5.   
      
   Other Information (Not applicable)    

33  

Item 6.   
      
   Exhibits    

33  

Signatures     

35  

Index to Exhibits     

36  

i   

Table of Contents  

      SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT    
   Selected statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, in  PART I
  Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  constitute  forward-looking statements  as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
(the  Act ). Forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations, estimates or projections concerning future results or events. These statements are often identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as
 believe,   expect,   anticipate,   may,   could,   intend,   estimate,   plan,   foresee,   likely,   will,   should  or other
similar words or phrases. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements relating to:    

outlook, strategy or business plans;       

the ability to correct performance issues at operations;       

future or expected growth, forward momentum, performance, sales, volumes, cash flows, earnings, balance sheet strengths, debt, financial
condition or other financial measures;       

pricing trends for raw materials and finished goods and the impact of pricing changes;       

demand trends for us or our markets;       

additions to product lines and opportunities to participate in new markets;       

expected benefits from Transformation efforts;       

anticipated capital expenditures and asset sales;       

anticipated improvements and efficiencies in costs, operations, sales, inventory management, sourcing and the supply chain and the results
thereof;       

projected profitability potential, capacity and working capital needs;       

the ability to make acquisitions and the projected timing, results, benefits, costs, charges and expenditures related to acquisitions,
newly-created joint ventures, headcount reductions and facility dispositions, shutdowns and consolidations;       

the alignment of operations with demand;       

the ability to operate profitably and generate cash in down markets;       

the ability to maintain margins and capture and maintain market share and to develop or take advantage of future opportunities, customer
initiatives, new businesses, new products and new markets;       

expectations for Company and customer inventories, jobs and orders;       

expectations for the economy and markets or improvements therein;       

expectations for increasing volatility or improving and sustaining earnings, earnings potential, margins or shareholder value;

effects of judicial rulings; and       

other non-historical matters.           Because they are based on beliefs, estimates and assumptions, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected. Any number of factors could affect actual results, including, without limitation, those that follow:    

the effect of national, regional and global economic conditions generally and within major product markets, including a recurrent slowing
economy;       

the effect of conditions in national and worldwide financial markets;       

lower oil prices as a factor in demand for products;       

product demand and pricing;       

changes in product mix, product substitution and market acceptance of our products;       

fluctuations in the pricing, quality or availability of raw materials (particularly steel), supplies, transportation, utilities and other items
required by operations;       

effects of facility closures and the consolidation of operations;       

the effect of financial difficulties, consolidation and other changes within the steel, automotive, construction, oil and gas, and other
industries in which we participate;       

failure to maintain appropriate levels of inventories;       

financial difficulties (including bankruptcy filings) of original equipment manufacturers, end-users and customers, suppliers, joint venture
partners and others with whom we do business;       

the ability to realize targeted expense reductions from headcount reductions, facility closures and other cost reduction efforts;

the ability to realize other cost savings and operational, sales and sourcing improvements and efficiencies, and other expected benefits from
Transformation efforts, on a timely basis;       
         ii   

Table of Contents  

the overall success of, and the ability to integrate, newly-acquired businesses and joint ventures, maintain and develop their customers, and
achieve synergies and other expected benefits and cost savings therefrom;       

capacity levels and efficiencies, within facilities, within major product markets and within the industries in which we participate as a whole;

the effect of disruption in the business of suppliers, customers, facilities and shipping operations due to adverse weather, casualty events,
equipment breakdowns, civil unrest, international conflicts or terrorist activities or other causes;       

changes in customer demand, inventories, spending patterns, product choices, and supplier choices;       

risks associated with doing business internationally, including economic, political and social instability, foreign currency exposure and the
acceptance of our products in these markets;       

the ability to improve and maintain processes and business practices to keep pace with the economic, competitive and technological environment;

the outcome of adverse claims experience with respect to workers  compensation, product recalls or product liability, casualty events or
other matters;       

deviation of actual results from estimates and/or assumptions used by us in the application of our significant accounting policies;

level of imports and import prices in our markets;       

the impact of judicial rulings and governmental regulations, both in the United States and abroad, including those adopted by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission and other governmental agencies as contemplated by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010;       

the effect of changes to healthcare laws in the United States, which may increase our healthcare and other costs and negatively impact our
operations and financial results;       

cyber security risks; and       

other risks described from time to time in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including those described in
 PART I   Item 1A.   Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016.           We note these factors for investors as contemplated by the Act. It is impossible to predict or identify all potential risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the foregoing list to
be a complete set of all potential risks and uncertainties. Any forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based on current information as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and we assume no obligation
to correct or update any such statements in the future, except as required by applicable law.    
         iii

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION          Item 
1.   Financial Statements          WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.    
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS        (In thousands)        (Unaudited)    
   
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
         1   

Table of Contents  

WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS        (In thousands, except per share
amounts)        (Unaudited)        
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
         2   

Table of Contents  

      WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.    
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME        (In thousands)        (Unaudited)    
   
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
         3   

Table of Contents  

      WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.    
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS        (In thousands)        (Unaudited)    
   
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
         4   

Table of Contents  

      WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        (Unaudited)        NOTE A   Basis of Presentation    
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Worthington Industries, Inc. and consolidated subsidiaries
(collectively,  we,   our,   Worthington,  or the  Company ). Investments in unconsolidated affiliates are accounted for using the equity method. Significant intercompany accounts and transactions
are eliminated.      dHybrid Systems, LLC ( dHybrid ), Spartan Steel Coating, LLC ( Spartan ),
TWB Company, L.L.C. ( TWB ), Worthington Ar ta  Bas n l  Kaplar Sanayi ( Worthington Aritas ), Worthington Energy Innovations, LLC ( WEI ), and Worthington Specialty Processing
( WSP ) in which we own controlling interests of 79.59%, 52%, 55%, 75%, 75%, and 51%, respectively, are consolidated with the equity owned by the other joint venture members shown as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance
sheets, and their portions of net earnings and other comprehensive income (loss) ( OCI ) shown as net earnings or comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of earnings and consolidated
statements of comprehensive income, respectively.      These unaudited consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which are of a normal and
recurring nature, except those which have been disclosed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements for these interim periods, have been included. Operating
results for the three months ended August 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2017 ( fiscal 2017 ). For further information, refer to the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 ( fiscal 2016 ) of Worthington Industries, Inc. (the  2016 Form 10-K ).   
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.       Recently Adopted Accounting Standards       In February 2015,
amended accounting guidance was issued that revised consolidation requirements in order to provide financial statement users with a more useful presentation of an entity s economic and operational results. The amended guidance revises the
consolidation requirements for limited partnerships, the considerations surrounding the primary beneficiary determination and the consolidation of certain investment funds and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this amended guidance on a prospective basis effective June 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not impact our financial position or results of operations.
     In April 2015, amended accounting guidance was issued that requires debt issuance costs related to a
recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the corresponding debt liability itself. The amended guidance does not apply to line-of-credit arrangements. Accordingly,
issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements will continue to be presented as an asset and amortized ratably over the term of the arrangement. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this guidance on a retrospective basis effective June 1, 2016. As a result, debt issuance costs totaling $2,405,000 and $2,491,000 as of August 31, 2016 and May 31,
2016, respectively, have been presented as a component of the carrying amount of long-term debt reported in our consolidated balance sheets. These amounts were previously capitalized and reported within other assets.   
  In September 2015, amended accounting guidance was issued regarding adjustments to provisional amounts recorded in
conjunction with a business combination. The amended guidance requires the acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which such
  
         5   

Table of Contents  

adjustments are identified, rather than retrospectively adjusting previously reported amounts. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this amended guidance on a prospective basis effective June 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not impact our financial position or results of operations.   
  In March 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued that simplifies the accounting for share-based payments. The
amended guidance impacts several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, forfeitures, statutory withholding requirements, and classification in the statement of cash flows. The
Company early adopted this guidance during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. As required for early adoption in an interim period, all adjustments have been reflected as of the beginning of fiscal 2016. Accordingly, income tax expense for
the three months ended August 31, 2015 has been restated to reflect excess tax benefits associated with share-based payments totaling $558,000 in current income tax expense, rather than in paid-in capital.  
   Recently Issued Accounting Standards       In May 2014, amended accounting guidance was issued that replaces most existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The amended guidance requires an entity to recognize the amount of
revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. Subsequently, additional guidance was issued on several areas including guidance intended to improve the operability and understandability of the
implementation of principal versus agent considerations and clarifications on the identification of performance obligations and implementation of guidance related to licensing. The amended guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. We are in the process of evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. The amended guidance
permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We have not selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the amended guidance on our ongoing financial reporting.   
  In July 2015, amended accounting guidance was issued regarding the measurement of inventory. The amended guidance
requires that inventory accounted for under the first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value, where net realizable value represents the estimated selling price of inventory in the
ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The amended guidance has no impact on inventory accounted for under the last-in, first-out (LIFO) or retail inventory methods. The
amended guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. We do not expect the adoption of this amended accounting guidance to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.      In February 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued that replaces most existing lease accounting guidance under U.S. GAAP. Among other changes, the amended guidance requires that lease assets
and liabilities be recognized on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous guidance. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, and the change is to be applied using a modified retrospective approach as of the beginning of the earliest period presented. We are in the process of evaluating the effect
this guidance will have on our consolidated financial position and results of operations, and we have not determined the effect of the amended guidance on our ongoing financial reporting.   
  In March 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued regarding derivative instruments designated as hedging
instruments. The amended guidance clarifies that a change in the counterparty to such a hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue
to be met. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, and the change may be applied either prospectively or
retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption of this amended accounting guidance to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.   
  In June 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued related to the measurement of credit losses on financial
instruments. The amended guidance changes the impairment model for most financial assets to require measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are in the process   
         6   

Table of Contents  

of evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial position and results of operations, and we have not determined the effect of the amended guidance on our ongoing
financial reporting.      In August 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued to clarify the proper cash flow
presentation of certain specific types of cash payments and cash receipts. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and we have not determined the effect of the amended guidance on our ongoing
financial reporting.       NOTE B   Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates    
  Our investments in affiliated companies that we do not control, either through majority ownership or otherwise, are
accounted for using the equity method. These include ArtiFlex Manufacturing, LLC ( ArtiFlex ) (50%), Clarkwestern Dietrich Building Systems LLC ( ClarkDietrich ) (25%), Samuel Steel Pickling Company (31.25%), Serviacero
Planos, S. de R. L. de C.V. ( Serviacero ) (50%), Worthington Armstrong Venture ( WAVE ) (50%), and Zhejiang Nisshin Worthington Precision Specialty Steel Co., Ltd. (10%).  
  We received distributions from unconsolidated affiliates totaling $38,442,000 during the three months ended August 31,
2016. We have received cumulative distributions from WAVE in excess of our investment balance totaling $66,192,000 at August 31, 2016. In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, these excess distributions are reclassified to the
liabilities section of our consolidated balance sheet. We will continue to record our equity in the net income of WAVE as a debit to the investment account, and if it becomes positive, it will again be shown as an asset on our consolidated
balance sheet. If it becomes obvious that any excess distribution may not be returned (upon joint venture liquidation or otherwise), we will recognize any balance classified as a liability as income immediately.   
  We use the  cumulative earnings  approach for determining cash flow presentation of distributions from our
unconsolidated joint ventures. Distributions received are included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as operating activities, unless the cumulative distributions received, less distributions received in prior periods that were
determined to be returns of investment, exceed our portion of the cumulative equity in the net earnings of the joint venture, in which case the excess distributions are deemed to be returns of the investment and are classified as investing
activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.      Combined financial information for our
unconsolidated affiliates is summarized as follows:       
 
         7   

Table of Contents  

The financial results of WSP have been included in the amounts presented in the tables
above through March 1, 2016. Effective March 1, 2016, the Company obtained effective control over the operations of WSP. As a result, WSP s results have been consolidated within the financial results of Steel Processing since that
date with the minority member s portion of earnings eliminated within earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.       NOTE C
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets       We review the carrying value of our long-lived assets, including
intangible assets with definite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable.   
  Impairment testing of long-lived assets with definite useful lives involves a comparison of the sum of the undiscounted
future cash flows of the asset or asset group to its respective carrying amount. If the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows exceeds the carrying amount, then no impairment exists. If the carrying amount exceeds the sum of the
undiscounted future cash flows, then a second step is performed to determine the amount of impairment, which would be recorded as an impairment charge in our consolidated statement of earnings.   
  No impairment charges were recognized during the first quarter of fiscal 2017.   
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, management finalized its plan to close the Engineered Cabs facility in Florence,
South Carolina and transfer the majority of the business to the Engineered Cabs facility in Greeneville, Tennessee. Under the plan, certain machinery and equipment was transferred to the Greeneville facility to support higher volume
requirements. Management reevaluated the recoverability of the remaining assets and determined that long-lived assets with a carrying value of $4,059,000 were impaired. As a result, these long-lived assets were written down to their estimated
fair value of $1,059,000 resulting in an impairment charge of $3,000,000 during the first quarter of fiscal 2016. The Company ceased production at the Florence facility on September 30, 2015.   
   NOTE D   Restructuring and Other Expense       We consider restructuring activities to be programs whereby we fundamentally change our operations such as closing and consolidating manufacturing facilities, moving manufacturing of a product to another
location, and rationalizing headcount.   
         8   

Table of Contents  

   A progression of the liabilities associated with our restructuring
activities, combined with a reconciliation to the restructuring and other expense financial statement caption in our consolidated statement of earnings for the three months ended August 31, 2016 is summarized as follows:   
   
    Facility exit costs in the current year consisted primarily of costs incurred in
connection with the closures of the Company s stainless steel business, Precision Specialty Metals, Inc. ( PSM ) and the Florence, South Carolina facility in Engineered Cabs.   
  The total liability as of August 31, 2016 is expected to be paid in the next twelve months.   
   NOTE E   Contingent Liabilities and Commitments       We are defendants in certain legal actions. In the opinion of management, the outcome of these actions, which is not clearly determinable at the present time, would not significantly affect our
consolidated financial position or future results of operations. We believe that environmental issues will not have a material effect on our capital expenditures, consolidated financial position or future results of operations.   
   NOTE F   Guarantees       We do not have guarantees that we believe are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. However, as of August 31, 2016, we were party to an operating lease for an aircraft in which we have guaranteed a residual value at the termination of the lease. The
maximum obligation under the terms of this guarantee was approximately $10,198,000 at August 31, 2016. Based on current facts and circumstances, we have estimated the likelihood of payment pursuant to this guarantee is not probable and,
therefore, no amount has been recognized in our consolidated financial statements.       NOTE G   Debt and Receivables Securitization
      We maintain a $500,000,000 multi-year revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) with a
group of lenders that matures in April 2020. Borrowings under the Credit Facility typically have maturities of less than one year. However, we can extend the term of amounts borrowed by renewing these borrowings for the term of the Credit
Facility. We have the option to borrow at rates equal to an applicable margin over the LIBOR, Prime rate or Fed Funds rate. The applicable margin is determined by our credit rating. There were no borrowings outstanding under the
Credit Facility at August 31, 2016.      We also maintain a $100,000,000 revolving trade accounts receivable
securitization facility (the  AR Facility ) which expires in January 2018. Pursuant to the terms of the AR Facility, certain of our subsidiaries sell their accounts receivable without recourse, on a revolving basis, to Worthington
Receivables Corporation ( WRC ), a wholly-owned, consolidated, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary. In turn, WRC may sell without recourse, on a revolving basis, up to $100,000,000 of undivided ownership interests in this pool of accounts
receivable to a third-party bank. We retain an undivided interest in this pool and are subject to risk of loss based on the collectability of the receivables from this retained interest. Because the amount eligible to be sold excludes
receivables more than 90 days past due, receivables offset by an allowance for doubtful accounts due to bankruptcy or other cause, concentrations over certain limits with specific customers and certain reserve amounts, we believe additional
risk of loss is minimal. As of August 31, 2016, no undivided ownership interests in this pool of accounts receivable had been sold.      We also had letters of credit totaling $15,359,000 outstanding as of August 31, 2016. These letters of credit   
         9   

Table of Contents  

have been issued to third parties and had no amounts drawn against them at August 31, 2016.       NOTE H   Comprehensive Income       The following table
summarizes the tax effects on each component of OCI for the three months ended August 31:       
     NOTE I   Changes in Equity    
  The following table provides a summary of the changes in total equity, shareholders  equity attributable to
controlling interest, and equity attributable to noncontrolling interests for the three months ended August 31, 2016:       
    The components of the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss were as follows:   

(a)  
    The statement of earnings classification of amounts reclassified to income for cash flow hedges is disclosed in  NOTE N   Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities.       
         10   

Table of Contents  

    NOTE J   Stock-Based Compensation        Non-Qualified Stock Options       During the three months ended
August 31, 2016, we granted non-qualified stock options covering a total of 111,000 common shares under our stock-based compensation plans. The option price of $42.30 per share was equal to the market price of the underlying common shares at
the grant date. The fair value of these stock options, based on the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, calculated at the grant date, was $11.60 per share. The calculated pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for these stock options,
after an estimate for forfeitures, is $1,146,000 and will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the three-year vesting period. The following assumptions were used to value these stock options:   
   
    Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common shares and the
risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury strip rate for the expected term of the stock options. The expected term was developed using historical exercise experience.   
   Service-Based Restricted Common Shares       During the three months ended August 31, 2016, we granted an aggregate of 115,625 service-based restricted common shares under our stock-based compensation plans. The fair value of these restricted
common shares was equal to the closing market price of the underlying common shares on the date of grant, or $42.30 per share. The calculated pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for these restricted common shares, after an estimate for
forfeitures, is $4,353,000 and will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the three-year service-based vesting period.       Performance
Share Awards       We have awarded performance shares to certain key employees under our stock-based
compensation plans. These performance shares are earned based on the level of achievement with respect to corporate targets for cumulative corporate economic value added, earnings per share growth and, in the case of business unit executives,
business unit operating income targets for the three-year periods ending May 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019. These performance share awards will be paid, to the extent earned, in common shares of the Company in the fiscal quarter following the end of the
applicable three-year performance period. The fair values of our performance shares are determined by the closing market prices of the underlying common shares at their respective grant dates and the pre-tax stock-based compensation expense is
based on our periodic assessment of the probability of the targets being achieved and our estimate of the number of common shares that will ultimately be issued. During the three months ended August 31, 2016, we granted performance share awards
covering an aggregate of 68,500 common shares (at target levels). The calculated pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for these performance shares is $2,809,000 and will be recognized over the three-year performance period.   
   NOTE K   Income Taxes       Income tax expense for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 reflected estimated annual effective income tax rates of 31.2% and 31.7%, respectively. The annual effective income tax
rates exclude any impact from the inclusion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of earnings. Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests are primarily a result of our WSP, Spartan,
Worthington Aritas, and TWB consolidated joint ventures. The earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interests in WSP, Spartan and TWB s U.S. operations do not generate tax expense to Worthington since the investors in WSP, Spartan and
TWB s U.S. operations are taxed directly based on the earnings attributable to them. The tax expense of Worthington Aritas (a foreign corporation), and TWB s wholly-owned foreign corporations, is reported in our consolidated tax
expense. Management is required to estimate the annual effective income tax rate based upon its forecast of annual pre-tax income for domestic and foreign operations. Our actual effective income tax rate for fiscal 2017 could be materially
different from the forecasted rate as of August 31, 2016.  
         11   

Table of Contents  

    NOTE L   Earnings per Share    
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to controlling
interest for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015:       
    Stock options and restricted common shares covering 161,429 and 318,904 common shares for
the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, have been excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.   
         12   

Table of Contents  

    NOTE M   Segment Operations    
  Summarized financial information for our reportable segments is shown in the following table:   

13   

Table of Contents  

    NOTE N   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities    
  We utilize derivative instruments to manage exposure to certain risks related to our ongoing operations. The primary
risks managed through the use of derivative instruments include interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk and commodity price risk. While certain of our derivative instruments are designated as hedging instruments, we also enter into
derivative instruments that are designed to hedge a risk, but are not designated as hedging instruments and therefore do not qualify for hedge accounting. These derivative instruments are adjusted to current fair value through earnings at the end of
each period.       Interest Rate Risk Management    We are exposed to the impact of interest rate
changes. Our objective is to manage the impact of interest rate changes on cash flows and the market value of our borrowings. We utilize a mix of debt maturities along with both fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage changes in interest rates.
In addition, we enter into interest rate swaps to further manage our exposure to interest rate variations related to our borrowings and to lower our overall borrowing costs.   
   Foreign Currency Rate Risk Management    We conduct business in several major international currencies and are
therefore subject to risks associated with changing foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into various contracts that change in value as foreign currency exchange rates change to manage this exposure. Such contracts limit exposure to both
favorable and unfavorable currency fluctuations. The translation of foreign currencies into United States dollars also subjects us to exposure related to fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates; however, derivative instruments are not used to
manage this risk.       Commodity Price Risk Management    We are exposed to changes in the price of
certain commodities, including steel, natural gas, zinc and other raw materials, and our utility requirements. Our objective is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with forecasted purchases and sales of these commodities to allow
management to focus its attention on business operations. Accordingly, we enter into derivative contracts to manage the associated price risk.      We are exposed to counterparty credit risk on all of our derivative instruments. Accordingly, we have established and maintain strict counterparty credit guidelines. We have credit support agreements in
place with certain counterparties to limit our credit exposure. These agreements require either party to post cash collateral if its cumulative market position exceeds a predefined liability threshold. At August 31, 2016, we had posted
total cash collateral of $152,000 to our margin accounts. Amounts posted to the margin accounts accrue interest at market rates and are required to be refunded in the period in which the cumulative market position falls below the required
threshold. We do not have significant exposure to any one counterparty and management believes the risk of loss is remote and, in any event, would not be material.   
  Refer to  NOTE O   Fair Value  for additional information regarding the accounting treatment for our
derivative instruments, as well as how fair value is determined.   
         14   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes the fair value of our derivative instruments
and the respective financial statement caption in which they were recorded in our consolidated balance sheet at August 31, 2016:       
    The amounts in the table above reflect the fair value of the Company s derivative
contracts on a net basis. Had these amounts been recognized on a gross basis, the aggregate impact would have been a $200,000 decrease in receivables with a corresponding decrease in accounts payable.   
         15   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes the fair value of our derivative instruments
and the financial statement caption in which they were recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at May 31, 2016:       
    The amounts in the table above reflect the fair value of the Company s derivative
contracts on a net basis. Had these amounts been recognized on a gross basis, the aggregate impact would have been a $300,000 decrease in receivables with a corresponding decrease in accounts payable.   
   Cash Flow Hedges       We enter into derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to changes in cash flows attributable to interest rates and commodity price fluctuations associated with certain forecasted
transactions. These derivative instruments are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. Accordingly, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of OCI and reclassified into earnings
in the same financial statement caption associated with the forecasted transaction and in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is
recognized in earnings immediately.      The following table summarizes our cash flow hedges outstanding at August
31, 2016:       
 
         16   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes the gain (loss) recognized in OCI and the
loss reclassified from accumulated OCI into earnings for derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015:       

Location of   

Location of   

Loss   
      
   Loss   

Gain   
      
   Gain   

Reclassified   
      
   Reclassified   

(Ineffective   
      
   (Ineffective   

Gain (Loss)   

from   
      
   from   

Portion)   
      
   Portion)   

Recognized   

Accumulated   
      
   Accumulated   

and Excluded   
      
   and Excluded   

in OCI   

OCI   
      
   OCI   

from   
      
   from   

(Effective   

(Effective   
      
   (Effective   

Effectiveness   
      
   Effectiveness   

(in thousands)   
      
   Portion)   

Portion)    
      
   Portion)   

Testing    
      
   Testing   

For the three months ended August 31, 2016:   

Commodity contracts   
      
  $  
  769  

Cost of goods sold  
      
  $  
  (252  
  )   
     
  Cost of goods sold  
      
  $  
  -  

Interest rate contracts   

(36  
  )   
     
  Interest expense  

(103  
  )   
     
  Interest expense  

-  

Totals   
      
  $  
  733  

$  
  (355  
  )   

$  
  -  

For the three months ended August 31, 2015:   

Commodity contracts   
      
  $  
  (8,126  
  )   
     
  Cost of goods sold  
      
  $  
  (9,187  
  )   
     
  Cost of goods sold  
      
  $  
  -  

Interest rate contracts   

34  

Interest expense  

(139  
  )   
     
  Interest expense  

-  

Foreign currency contracts   

-  

Miscellaneous income, net  

(4  
  )   
     
  Miscellaneous income, net  

-  

Totals   
      
  $  
  (8,092  
  )   

$  
  (9,330  
  )   

$  
  -  

The estimated net amount of the losses recognized in accumulated OCI at August 31, 2016
expected to be reclassified into net earnings within the succeeding twelve months is $9,008,000 (net of tax of $5,568,000). This amount was computed using the fair value of the cash flow hedges at August 31, 2016, and will change before actual
reclassification from OCI to net earnings during the fiscal years ending May 31, 2017 and 2018.       Economic (Non-designated) Hedges
      We enter into foreign currency contracts to manage our foreign currency exchange rate exposure related to
inter-company and financing transactions that do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting treatment. We also enter into certain commodity contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Accordingly, these derivative
instruments are adjusted to current market value at the end of each period through earnings.      The following
table summarizes our economic (non-designated) derivative instruments outstanding at August 31, 2016:       
 
         17   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes the gain (loss) recognized in earnings for
economic (non-designated) derivative financial instruments during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015:       
    The gain (loss) on the foreign currency derivatives significantly offsets the gain (loss)
on the hedged item.       NOTE O   Fair Value       Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is
an exit price concept that assumes an orderly transaction between willing market participants and is required to be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. Current accounting guidance
establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy as a basis for considering such assumptions and for classifying the inputs used in the valuation methodologies. This hierarchy requires entities to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair values are as follows:       

Level 1   

Observable prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.   

Level 2   

Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the assets and liabilities, either directly or indirectly.   

Level 3   

Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities.   
     Recurring Fair Value Measurements    
  At August 31, 2016, our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows:   

18   

Table of Contents  

   At May 31, 2016, our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis were as follows:       

(1)  
    The fair value of our derivative contracts is based on the present value of the expected future cash flows considering the risks involved, including
non-performance risk, and using discount rates appropriate for the respective maturities. Market observable, Level 2 inputs are used to determine the present value of the expected future cash flows. Refer to  NOTE N   Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities  for additional information regarding our use of derivative instruments.          

(2)  
    The fair value of the contingent consideration obligations is determined using a probability weighted cash flow approach based on management s
projections of future cash flows of the acquired businesses. The fair value measurement was based on Level 3 inputs not observable in the market.      
  The fair value of non-derivative financial instruments included in the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents,
receivables, notes receivable, income taxes receivable, other assets, accounts payable, short-term borrowings, accrued compensation, contributions to employee benefit plans and related taxes, other accrued items, income taxes payable and other
liabilities approximate carrying value due to their short-term nature. The fair value of long-term debt, including current maturities, based upon models utilizing market observable (Level 2) inputs and credit risk, was $611,710,000 and $609,245,000
at August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively. The carrying amount of long-term debt, including current maturities, was $578,275,000 and $578,353,000 at August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively.   
         19   

Table of Contents  

      Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations        Selected statements contained in this  Item 2.  
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  constitute  forward-looking statements  as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements are based, in whole or in part, on management s beliefs, estimates, assumptions and currently available information. For a more detailed discussion of what constitutes a forward-looking statement and of some of the factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, please refer to the  Safe Harbor Statement  in the beginning of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and  Part I - Item 1A. - Risk Factors  of our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016.         Introduction     
  The following discussion and analysis of market and industry trends, business developments, and the results of operations
and financial position of Worthington Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively,  we,   our,   Worthington,  or our  Company ), should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto included in  Item 1.   Financial Statements  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 ( fiscal 2016 ) includes
additional information about Worthington, our operations and our consolidated financial position and should be read in conjunction with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   
  As of August 31, 2016, excluding our joint ventures, we operated 29 manufacturing facilities worldwide, principally in
three operating segments, which correspond with our reportable business segments: Steel Processing, Pressure Cylinders and Engineered Cabs. Our remaining operating segment consists of Worthington Energy Innovations ( WEI ), which does not
meet the applicable aggregation criteria or quantitative thresholds for separate disclosure, and therefore is combined and reported in the  Other  category.  
  We also held equity positions in 12 active joint ventures, which operated 51 manufacturing facilities worldwide, as of
August 31, 2016. Six of these joint ventures are consolidated with the equity owned by the other joint venture member(s) shown as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheets, and their portion of net earnings and other
comprehensive income (loss) shown as net earnings or comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of earnings and consolidated statements of comprehensive income, respectively. The remaining six
of these joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.        Overview     
  The Company benefited from rising steel prices and strong demand in the automotive and construction end markets during
the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Increases in flat steel prices during the first half of calendar 2016 led to an improved pricing spread in Steel Processing and had a significant impact on earnings. Weakness in the oil   gas equipment
end market continues to weigh on our Pressure Cylinders business. The Company has reduced costs in an attempt to match demand in this market.     Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates ( equity income ) was up $7.9 million, or 30%, from the prior year quarter driven by a $6.0 million increase at ClarkDietrich and improvements
at ArtiFlex and Serviacero. Lower steel costs and strong automotive and construction markets in the U.S. are benefiting these businesses. We received distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures of $38.4 million during the quarter.
       Recent Business Developments         

During the quarter, the Company completed the exit of the businesses within its former Construction Services operating segment.

20   

Table of Contents  

     Market   Industry Overview     
  We sell our products and services to a diverse customer base and a broad range of end markets. The breakdown of our
net sales by end market for the first quarter of each of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 is illustrated in the following chart:       

The automotive industry is one of the largest consumers of flat-rolled steel, and thus
the largest end market for our Steel Processing operating segment. Approximately 63% of the net sales of our Steel Processing operating segment are to the automotive market. North American vehicle production, primarily by Ford, General
Motors and FCA US (the  Detroit Three automakers ), has a considerable impact on the activity within this operating segment. The majority of the net sales of three of our unconsolidated joint ventures are also to the automotive end
market.      Approximately 13% of the net sales of our Steel Processing operating segment and 52% of the net sales
of our Engineered Cabs operating segment are to the construction market. The construction market is also the predominant end market for two of our unconsolidated joint ventures: WAVE and ClarkDietrich. While the market price of steel
significantly impacts these businesses, there are other key indicators that are meaningful in analyzing construction market demand, including U.S. gross domestic product ( GDP ), the Dodge Index of construction contracts and, in the case
of ClarkDietrich, trends in the relative price of framing lumber and steel.      Substantially all of the net
sales of our Pressure Cylinders operating segment, and approximately 24% and 48% of the net sales of our Steel Processing and Engineered Cabs operating segments, respectively, are to other markets such as consumer products, industrial, lawn and
garden, agriculture, oil   gas equipment, heavy truck, mining, forestry and appliance. Given the many different products that make up these net sales and the wide variety of end markets, it is very difficult to detail the key market
indicators that drive these portions of our business. However, we believe that the trend in U.S. GDP growth is a good economic indicator for analyzing these operating segments.   
         21   

Table of Contents  

   We use the following information to monitor our costs and demand in our
major end markets:       

1      
    2015 figures based on revised actuals    2    CRU Hot-Rolled Index; period average    3    IHS Global    4    LME Zinc; period average    5    NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas; period average    6    Energy Information Administration; period average     
  U.S. GDP growth rate trends are generally indicative of the strength in demand and, in many cases, pricing for our
products. A year-over-year increase in U.S. GDP growth rates is indicative of a stronger economy, which generally increases demand and pricing for our products. Conversely, decreasing U.S. GDP growth rates generally indicate a weaker
economy. Changes in U.S. GDP growth rates can also signal changes in conversion costs related to production and in selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expense.   
  The market price of hot-rolled steel is one of the most significant factors impacting our selling prices and operating
results. When steel prices fall, we typically have higher-priced material flowing through cost of goods sold, while selling prices compress to what the market will bear, negatively impacting our results. On the other hand, in a rising
price environment, our results are generally favorably impacted, as lower-priced material purchased in previous periods flows through cost of goods sold, while our selling prices increase at a faster pace to cover current replacement costs.
     The following table presents the average quarterly market price per ton of hot-rolled steel during fiscal
2017 (first quarter), fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015:       

1   
        CRU Hot-Rolled
Index, period average         No single customer contributed more than 10% of our consolidated net
sales during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. While our automotive business is largely driven by the production schedules of the Detroit Three automakers, our customer base is much broader and includes other domestic manufacturers and many of
their suppliers. During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, overall vehicle production for the Detroit Three automakers was up 3% and North American vehicle production as a whole increased 4%.   
  Certain other commodities, such as zinc, natural gas and diesel fuel, represent a significant portion of our cost of
goods sold, both directly through our plant operations and indirectly through transportation and freight expense.   
         22   

Table of Contents  

     Results of Operations          First Quarter   Fiscal 2017 Compared to Fiscal 2016          Consolidated
Operations        The following table presents consolidated operating results for the periods indicated:
      
    Net earnings attributable to controlling interest for the three months ended August 31,
2016 increased $33.6 million from the comparable period in the prior year. Net sales and operating highlights were as follows:       

Net sales decreased $20.6 million from the comparable period in the prior year on lower volume, partially offset by higher average selling prices.
Lower overall volume reduced net sales by $28.6 million on decreases in certain Pressure Cylinders businesses and Engineered Cabs, partially offset by contributions from the consolidation of the WSP joint venture effective March 1,
2016.         

Gross margin increased $34.3 million from the comparable period in the prior year on a favorable pricing spread in Steel Processing due primarily to
inventory holding gains in the current quarter compared to inventory holding losses in the prior year quarter, partially offset by lower volume in Pressure Cylinders.      

SG A expense increased $5.2 million over the comparable prior year period driven by the impact of acquisitions, higher profit sharing and bonus
expense and a $1.5 million increase in accrued legal expense.          

Restructuring and other expense of $1.3 million in the current period consisted primarily of $0.8 million of facility exist costs related to the
ongoing closure of Precision Specialty Metals ( PSM ) and $0.2 million of facility exit costs related to the closure of the Florence, South Carolina facility in Engineered Cabs. For additional financial information regarding the
Company s restructuring activities, refer to  Item 1.   Financial Statements   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   NOTE D   Restructuring and Other Expense  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
     
         23   

Table of Contents  

Interest expense of $7.9 million was unchanged from the comparable period in the prior year.     

Equity income increased $7.9 million from the comparable period in the prior year to $34.5 million driven primarily by a $6.0 million increase at
ClarkDietrich and improvements at ArtiFlex and Serviacero. Lower steel costs and strong automotive and construction markets in the U.S. are benefiting these businesses. We received distributions of $38.4 million from our unconsolidated
affiliates during the quarter. For additional financial regarding our unconsolidated affiliates, refer to  Item 1.   Financial Statements   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   NOTE B   Investments in
Unconsolidated Affiliates  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.          

Income tax expense increased $9.8 million from the comparable period in the prior year due primarily to higher earnings. The increase in tax
expense was partially offset by the following items recorded in the current quarter: (i) a $4.6 million tax benefit associated with share-based payment awards, and (ii) a $1.2 million tax benefit related to foreign tax credits. The current
quarter expense was calculated using an estimated annual effective income tax rate of 31.2% versus 31.7% in the prior year quarter. Refer to  Item 1.   Financial Statements   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   NOTE K
  Income Taxes  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information on our tax rates.           Segment
Operations          Steel Processing        The following table presents a summary of operating results for our Steel Processing operating segment for the periods indicated:   
   
    Net sales and operating highlights were as follows:   

Net sales increased $14.9 million from the comparable period in the prior year on the combined impact of higher volume and higher average selling
prices. Higher volume favorably impacted net sales by $8.9 million and was driven by the consolidation of the WSP joint venture effective March 1, 2016, partially offset by the closure of the Company s stainless steel business,
PSM. The remaining increase in net sales was due to higher average selling prices. The mix of direct versus toll tons processed was 52% to 48% compared to 60% to 40% in the prior year quarter. The change in mix was primarily the
result of the consolidation of the WSP joint venture.          

Operating income increased $31.2 million from the comparable period in the prior year driven by a higher spread between average selling prices and
material cost due primarily to inventory holding gains in the current quarter compared to inventory holding losses in the prior year quarter. Higher SG A expense, driven by the consolidation of WSP and higher profit sharing and bonus expense,
combined with current period restructuring activities partially offset the overall increase in operating income. Restructuring and other expense in the current quarter consisted primarily of costs related to the ongoing closure of PSM.
     
         24   

Table of Contents  

     Pressure Cylinders     
  The following table presents a summary of operating results for our Pressure Cylinders operating segment for the periods
indicated:       
    Net sales and operating highlights were as follows:   

Net sales decreased $19.2 million from the comparable period in the prior year. The decrease was driven almost exclusively by lower overall
volume due primarily to declines in the oil   gas equipment and industrial products businesses.              

Operating income decreased $2.7 million from the comparable period in the prior year primarily due to declines in the oil   gas equipment
business, as improvements in the consumer products business offset smaller declines in the industrial products and cryogenics businesses.      
         25   

Table of Contents  

     Engineered Cabs     
  The following table presents a summary of operating results for our Engineered Cabs operating segment for the periods
indicated:       
    Net sales and operating highlights were as follows:   

Net sales decreased $13.0 million from the comparable period in the prior year due to declines in market demand.      

Operating loss improved $7.5 million to $1.8 million, primarily due to lower impairment and restructuring charges, improved gross margin and lower
SG A expense.           Other     
  The Other category includes the WEI operating segment, which does not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate
disclosure. Certain income and expense items not allocated to our operating segments are also included in the Other category, including costs associated with our captive insurance company. The following table presents a summary of operating
results for the Other category for the periods indicated:       
    Net sales and operating highlights were as follows:   

Net sales decreased $3.2 million from the comparable period in the prior year as the former Construction Services operating segment has ceased
operations.          

Operating loss of $2.1 million in the current period was driven primarily by a $1.5 million increase in accrued legal
expense.     
         26   

Table of Contents  

     Liquidity and Capital Resources     
  During the three months ended August 31, 2016, we generated $120.9 million of cash from operating activities, invested
$16.3 million in property, plant and equipment, and paid dividends of $11.9 million on our common shares. The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015:   
   
    We believe we have access to adequate resources to meet the needs of our existing
businesses for normal operating costs, mandatory capital expenditures, debt redemptions, dividend payments, and working capital. These resources include cash and cash equivalents, cash provided by operating activities and unused lines of
credit. We also believe that we have adequate access to the financial markets to allow us to be in a position to sell long-term debt or equity securities. However, uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets may impact our ability
to access capital and the terms under which we can do so.        Operating Activities     
  Our business is cyclical and cash flows from operating activities may fluctuate during the year and from year to year due
to economic conditions. We rely on cash and short-term borrowings to meet cyclical increases in working capital needs. These needs generally rise during periods of increased economic activity or increasing raw material prices due to higher
levels of inventory and accounts receivable. During economic slowdowns, or periods of decreasing raw material costs, working capital needs generally decrease as a result of the reduction of inventories and accounts receivable.   
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $120.9 million during the three months ended August 31, 2016 compared to
$138.6 million in the comparable period of fiscal 2016. The decrease was driven primarily by an increase in working capital levels as a result of higher average steel prices partially offset by higher net earnings.   
    Investing Activities        Net cash used by investing activities was $16.2 million during the three months ended August 31, 2016 compared to $40.1 million in the prior year period. The decrease from the prior year period was
driven primarily by lower capital expenditures.      Investment activities are largely discretionary, and future
investment activities could be reduced significantly, or eliminated, as economic conditions warrant. We assess acquisition opportunities as they arise, and such opportunities may require additional financing. There can be no assurance,
however, that any such opportunities will arise, that any such acquisitions will be consummated, or that any needed additional financing will be available on satisfactory terms when required.        Financing Activities        Net cash used by financing
activities was $7.4 million during the three months ended August 31, 2016 compared to $110.8 million in the comparable prior year period. During the first three months of fiscal 2017, we paid dividends of $11.9 million on our common shares and
received $5.8 million of proceeds from the issuance of common shares.   
         27   

Table of Contents  

   As of August 31, 2016, we were in compliance with our short-term and
long-term financial debt covenants. These debt agreements do not include credit rating triggers or material adverse change provisions. Our credit ratings at August 31, 2016 were unchanged from those reported as of May 31, 2016.  
   Common shares  - The Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.20 per common share for the first quarter of fiscal
2017 compared to $0.19 per common share for the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Dividends paid on our common shares totaled $11.9 million and $11.6 million during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. On September
28, 2016, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.20 per common share payable on December 29, 2016 to shareholders of record on December 15, 2016.      On June 25, 2014, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to 10,000,000 of our outstanding common shares. A total of 5,953,855 common shares have been repurchased under this authorization, leaving
4,046,145 common shares available for repurchase. No common shares were repurchased under this authorization during the first quarter of fiscal 2017.      The common shares available for repurchase under this authorization may be purchased from time to time, with consideration given to the market price of the common shares, the nature of other investment
opportunities, cash flows from operations, general economic conditions and other relevant considerations. Repurchases may be made on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions.   
    Dividend Policy        We currently have no material contractual or regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends. Dividends are declared at the discretion of the Board. The Board reviews the dividend quarterly
and establishes the dividend rate based upon our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, current and projected cash flows, business prospects, and other relevant factors. While we have paid a dividend
every quarter since becoming a public company in 1968, there is no guarantee that payments will continue in the future. We currently have no material contractual or regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends.   
    Contractual Cash Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments     
  Our contractual cash obligations and other commercial commitments have not changed significantly from those disclosed in
 Part II   Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Contractual Cash Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments  of our 2016 Form 10-K, other than the changes
in borrowings, as described in  Part I   Item 1.   Financial Statements   NOTE G   Debt and Receivables Securitization  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements        We do not have
guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements that we believe are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. However, as of August 31, 2016, we were party to an operating lease for an aircraft in which we have guaranteed a residual value at the termination of the lease. The maximum
obligation under the terms of this guarantee was approximately $10.2 million at August 31, 2016. Based on current facts and circumstances, we have estimated the likelihood of payment pursuant to this guarantee is not probable and,
therefore, no amounts have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements.        Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
       In February 2015, amended accounting guidance was issued that revised consolidation requirements in
order to provide financial statement users with a more useful presentation of an entity s economic and operational results. The amended guidance revises the consolidation requirements for limited partnerships, the considerations
surrounding the primary beneficiary determination and the consolidation of certain investment funds and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted
this amended guidance on a prospective basis effective June 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not impact our financial position or results of operations.   
  In April 2015, amended accounting guidance was issued that requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the   
         28   

Table of Contents  

corresponding debt liability itself. The amended guidance does not apply to line-of-credit arrangements. Accordingly, issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements will continue
to be presented as an asset and amortized ratably over the term of the arrangement. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
adopted this guidance on a retrospective basis effective June 1, 2016. As a result, debt issuance costs totaling $2.4 million and $2.5 million as of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively, have been presented as a component of the
carrying amount of long-term debt reported in our consolidated balance sheets. These amounts were previously capitalized and reported within other assets.      In September 2015, amended accounting guidance was issued regarding adjustments to provisional amounts recorded in conjunction with a business combination. The amended guidance requires the acquirer
to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which such adjustments are identified, rather than retrospectively adjusting previously reported amounts. The amended guidance
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this amended guidance on a prospective basis effective June 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance
did not impact our financial position or results of operations.      In March 2016, amended accounting guidance
was issued that simplifies the accounting for share-based payments. The amended guidance impacts several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, forfeitures, statutory withholding
requirements, and classification in the statement of cash flows. The Company early adopted this guidance during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. As required for early adoption in an interim period, all adjustments have been reflected as
of the beginning of fiscal 2016. Accordingly, income tax expense for the three months ended August 31, 2015 has been restated to reflect excess tax benefits associated with share-based payments totaling $558,000 in current income tax expense,
rather than in paid-in capital.       Recently Issued Accounting Standards     
  In May 2014, amended accounting guidance was issued that replaces most existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S.
GAAP. The amended guidance requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. Subsequently, additional guidance was issued on several areas
including guidance intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation of principal versus agent considerations and clarifications on the identification of performance obligations and implementation of guidance related to
licensing. The amended guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. We are in the process of evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our
consolidated financial position and results of operations. The amended guidance permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We have not selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect
of the amended guidance on our ongoing financial reporting.      In July 2015, amended accounting guidance was
issued regarding the measurement of inventory. The amended guidance requires that inventory accounted for under the first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value, where net
realizable value represents the estimated selling price of inventory in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The amended guidance has no impact on inventory accounted
for under the last-in, first-out (LIFO) or retail inventory methods. The amended guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We do not expect the adoption of this amended accounting guidance to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.   
  In February 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued that replaces most existing lease accounting guidance under U.S.
GAAP. Among other changes, the amended guidance requires that lease assets and liabilities be recognized on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous guidance. The amended guidance is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, and the change is to be applied using a modified retrospective approach as of the beginning of the
earliest period presented. We are in the process of evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial position and results of operations, and we have not determined the effect of the amended guidance on our ongoing
financial reporting.      In March 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued regarding derivative instruments
designated as   
         29   

Table of Contents  

hedging instruments. The amended guidance clarifies that a change in the counterparty to such a hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging
relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted, and the change may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption of this amended accounting guidance to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.   
  In June 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued related to the measurement of credit losses on financial
instruments. The amended guidance changes the impairment model for most financial assets to require measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are in the process of evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial position and results of operations, and we have not determined
the effect of the amended guidance on our ongoing financial reporting.      In August 2016, amended accounting
guidance was issued to clarify the proper cash flow presentation of certain specific types of cash payments and cash receipts. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and we have not determined the
effect of the amended guidance on our ongoing financial reporting.        Critical Accounting Policies     
  The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We continually evaluate our estimates, including those related to our valuation
of receivables, intangible assets, accrued liabilities, income and other tax accruals, and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. These results form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily obtained from other sources. Critical accounting policies are defined as those that require our significant
judgments and involve uncertainties that could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. Although actual results historically have not deviated significantly from those determined using our
estimates, our financial position or results of operations could be materially different if we were to report under different conditions or to use different assumptions in the application of such policies. Our critical accounting policies have not
significantly changed from those discussed in  Part II   Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies  of our 2016 Form 10-K.   
  We review our receivables on an ongoing basis to ensure they are properly valued. Based on this review, we believe our
reserve for doubtful accounts is adequate. However, if the economic environment and market conditions deteriorate, particularly in the automotive and construction markets where our exposure is greatest, additional reserves may be required. We
recognize revenue upon transfer of title and risk of loss provided evidence of an arrangement exists, pricing is fixed and determinable, and the ability to collect is probable. In circumstances where the collection of payment is not probable at
the time of shipment, we defer recognition of revenue until payment is collected.      We review the carrying
value of our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with definite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable.   
  Impairment testing of long-lived assets with definite useful lives involves a comparison of the sum of the undiscounted
future cash flows of the asset or asset group to its respective carrying amount. If the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows exceeds the carrying amount, then no impairment exists. If the carrying amount exceeds the sum of the undiscounted
future cash flows, then a second step is performed to determine the amount of impairment, which would be recorded as an impairment charge in our consolidated statement of earnings.   
  No impairment charges were recognized during the first quarter of fiscal 2017.   
         30   

Table of Contents  

   During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, management finalized its plan to
close the Engineered Cabs facility in Florence, South Carolina and transfer the majority of the business to the Engineered Cabs facility in Greeneville, Tennessee. Under the plan, certain machinery and equipment was transferred to the
Greeneville facility to support higher volume requirements. Management reevaluated the recoverability of the remaining assets and determined that long-lived assets with a carrying value of $4.1 million were impaired. As a result, these
long-lived assets were written down to their estimated fair value of $1.1 million resulting in an impairment charge of $3.0 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2016. The Company ceased production at the Florence facility on September 30,
2015.      Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for
impairment annually, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may be present. Application of goodwill impairment testing involves judgment, including but not limited to, the
identification of reporting units and estimation of the fair value of each reporting unit. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. With the exception of Pressure Cylinders, we test goodwill at the
operating segment level as we have determined that the characteristics of the reporting units within each operating segment are similar and allow for their aggregation in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. For our Pressure
Cylinders operating segment, the oil   gas equipment business has been treated as a separate reporting unit since the second quarter of fiscal 2016.      The goodwill impairment test consists of comparing the fair value of each reporting unit, determined using discounted cash flows, to each reporting unit s respective carrying value. If the estimated
fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, there is no impairment. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, goodwill impairment is indicated. The amount of the impairment is determined by
comparing the fair value of the net assets of the reporting unit, excluding goodwill, to its estimated fair value, with the difference representing the implied fair value of the goodwill. If the implied fair value of the goodwill is lower than its
carrying value, the difference is recorded as an impairment charge in our consolidated statements of earnings. The impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its
carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, the difference is recorded as an impairment charge in our consolidated statements of earnings. We performed our annual impairment evaluation of goodwill
and other indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and concluded that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value; therefore, no impairment charges were recognized. Additionally, no
impairment indicators were present with regard to our goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives during the three months ended August 31, 2016.         Item 3. - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       Market risks have not changed significantly from those disclosed in  Part II - Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  of our 2016 Form 10-K.   
     Item 4. - Controls and Procedures         Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures [as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )] that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.      Management, with
the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q (the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2016). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance
level as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   
         31   

Table of Contents  

     Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting     
  There were no changes that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the fiscal quarter
ended August 31, 2016) in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.         PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    
     Item 1.   Legal Proceedings    
  Various legal actions, which generally have arisen in the ordinary course of business, are pending against the
Company. None of this pending litigation, individually or collectively, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   
     Item 1A.   Risk Factors    
  There are certain risks and uncertainties in our business that could cause our actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated. In  PART I   Item 1A.   Risk Factors  of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Worthington Industries, Inc. for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 (the  2016 Form 10-K ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2016, and available at www.sec.gov or at www.worthingtonindustries.com, we included a detailed discussion of our risk factors. Our risk factors have not changed significantly from those disclosed
in our 2016 Form 10-K. These risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and in connection with the forward-looking statements and other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any of
the risks described in our 2016 Form 10-K could materially affect our business, consolidated financial condition or future results and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made. The risk factors described in our
2016 Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or future results.
        Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
  The following table provides information about purchases made by, or on behalf of, Worthington Industries, Inc. or any
 affiliated purchaser  (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a) (3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of common shares of Worthington Industries, Inc. during each month of the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2016:   

(1)  
    The number shown represents, as of the end of each period, the maximum number of common shares that could be purchased under the publicly announced
repurchase authorization then in effect. On June 26, 2014, Worthington Industries, Inc. announced that on June 25, 2014, the Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to 10,000,000 of Worthington Industries  outstanding common
shares. A total of 4,046,145 common shares were available under this repurchase authorization at August 31, 2016.      
         32   

Table of Contents  

   The common shares available for repurchase under this authorization may be
purchased from time to time, with consideration given to the market price of the common shares, the nature of other investment opportunities, cash flows from operations, general economic conditions and other appropriate factors. Repurchases may
be made on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions.       

(2)  
    Includes an aggregate of 86,060 common shares surrendered by employees in June 2016 to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of
stock options and vesting of restricted common shares. These common shares were not counted against the share repurchase authorization in effect throughout the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and discussed in footnote (1) above.
           Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
  Not applicable   
     Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures    
  Not applicable   
     Item 5.   Other Information    
  Not applicable   
     Item 6.   Exhibits        

10.1  
      
  Summary of Annual Base Salaries Approved for Named Executive Officers of Worthington Industries, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Worthington Industries, Inc. for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8399))   

10.2  
      
  Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2017 for Named Executive Officers
(Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Worthington Industries, Inc. for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8399))   

10.3  
      
  Second Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Worthington Industries, Inc. dated October 3, 2016 and filed with the SEC on the same day (SEC File  No. 1-8399))    

31.1  
      
  Rule 13a - 14(a) / 15d - 14(a) Certifications (Principal Executive Officer) *   

31.2  
      
  Rule 13a - 14(a) / 15d - 14(a) Certifications (Principal Financial Officer) *   

32.1  
      
  Certifications of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**   

32.2  
      
  Certifications of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**   

101.INS  
      
  XBRL Instance Document #   

101.SCH  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document #   

101.PRE  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document #   

101.LAB  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document #   

101.CAL  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document #   

101.DEF  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document #   
 
         33   

Table of Contents  

*  
    Filed herewith.          

**  
    Furnished herewith.          

#  
    Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Worthington Industries, Inc. are the following documents formatted in XBRL
(Extensible Business Reporting Language):      

(v)  
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.      
         34   

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.    

Date: October 11, 2016   

By:   
     
    /s/ B. Andrew Rose    

B. Andrew Rose,    

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

(On behalf of the Registrant and as Principal    

Financial Officer)    
 
         35   

Table of Contents  

      INDEX TO EXHIBITS    

Exhibit No.    
      
     Description    
      
     Location     

10.1  
      
    Summary of Annual Base Salaries Approved for Named Executive Officers of Worthington Industries, Inc.   
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Worthington Industries, Inc. for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 (SEC
File No. 1-8399)    

10.2  
      
    Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2017 for Named
Executive Officers   
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Worthington Industries, Inc. for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 (SEC
File No. 1-8399)    

10.3  
      
    Second Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors   
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Worthington Industries, Inc. dated October 3, 2016 and filed with the SEC
on the same day (SEC File No. 1-8399)    

31.1  
      
    Rule 13a - 14(a) / 15d - 14(a) Certifications (Principal Executive Officer)   
      
    Filed herewith    

31.2  
      
    Rule 13a - 14(a) / 15d - 14(a) Certifications (Principal Financial Officer)   
      
    Filed herewith    

32.1  
      
    Certifications of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002   
      
    Furnished herewith    

32.2  
      
    Certifications of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002   
      
    Furnished herewith    

101.INS  
      
    XBRL Instance Document   
      
    Submitted electronically herewith #    

101.SCH  
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
      
    Submitted electronically herewith #    

101.PRE  
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   
      
    Submitted electronically herewith #    

101.LAB  
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
      
    Submitted electronically herewith #    

101.CAL  
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
      
    Submitted electronically herewith #    

101.DEF  
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
      
    Submitted electronically herewith #    
 
         36   

Table of Contents  

#  
    Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Worthington Industries, Inc. are the following documents formatted in XBRL
(Extensible Business Reporting Language):          

(v)  
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.      
         37   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d240057dex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Section 302 CEO Certification 

Exhibit 31.1        RULE 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a)        CERTIFICATIONS (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER)
      CERTIFICATIONS      I, John P. McConnell, certify that:       

1.   
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016 of Worthington Industries, Inc.;

2.   
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.   
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;          

4.   
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have:      

(a)   
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b)   
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)   
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and          

(d)   
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.   
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a)   
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and          

(b)   
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.          

Date: October 11, 2016   

By:   
     
        /s/ John P. McConnell    

John P. McConnell,    

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d240057dex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Section 302 CFO Certification 

Exhibit 31.2        RULE 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a)        CERTIFICATIONS (PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER)
      CERTIFICATIONS      I, B. Andrew Rose, certify that:       

1.   
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016 of Worthington Industries, Inc.;

2.   
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.   
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;          

4.   
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have:      

(a)   
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b)   
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)   
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and          

(d)   
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.   
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a)   
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and          

(b)   
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.          

Date: October 11, 2016   

By:   
     
        /s/ B. Andrew Rose    

B. Andrew Rose,    

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d240057dex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Section 906 CEO Certification 

Exhibit 32.1        CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,        AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002*       In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Worthington Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, John P. McConnell, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:       

(1)   
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2)   
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of
the Company and its subsidiaries.           

/s/ John P. McConnell    
 
    Printed Name: John P. McConnell    
 
    Title: Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer    
 
   Date: October 11, 2016   
  *These certifications are being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that
Section. These certifications shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Worthington Industries, Inc. specifically
incorporates these certifications by reference.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d240057dex322.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Section 906 CFO Certification 

Exhibit 32.2        CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,        AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002*       In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Worthington Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, B. Andrew Rose, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:       

(1)   
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2)   
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of
the Company and its subsidiaries.           

/s/ B. Andrew Rose    
 
    Printed Name: B. Andrew Rose    

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    
 
   Date: October 11, 2016   
  *These certifications are being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that
Section. These certifications shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Worthington Industries, Inc. specifically
incorporates these certifications by reference.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wor-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wor-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wor-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wor-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wor-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wor-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

