<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161223_10-K_edgar_data_1563227_0001213900-16-019657_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>982101</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70654</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>69272</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>252851</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>293756</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>269552</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>13</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019657.hdr.sgml : 20161223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161223094858
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019657
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sipup Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563227
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				990382107
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-185408
		FILM NUMBER:		162068050

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-792-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019657.txt : 20161223

10-K
 1
 f10k2015_sipupcorporation.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

(Mark One) 

x  
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

  For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2015
or  

TRANSITION REPORT  

For the transition period from ____________________to
_________________________  

SIPUP CORPORATION   

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: none  

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  No   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer     
      Accelerated
    filer       
 
      Non-accelerated
filer    
      Smaller
    reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes      No  

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or
the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter is $152,500. 

As of December 23, 2016, Sipup Corporation
had 4,000,000 shares issued and outstanding. 

SIPUP CORPORATION INC.  

   2015
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K   

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Item 1. Business  
     1  
 
      Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     3  
 
      Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  
     3  
 
      Item 2. Properties  
     3  
 
      Item 3. Legal Proceedings  
     4  
 
      Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     4  
 
      Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
     4  
 
      Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     5  
 
      Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     6  
 
      Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
     6  
 
      Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
     6  
 
      Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  
     7  
 
      Item 9B. Other Information  
     8  
 
      Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
     8  
 
      Item 11. Executive Compensation  
     9  
 
      Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
     10  
 
      Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
     11  
 
      Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
     11  
 
      Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
     12  
 
      SIGNATURES  
     13  

PART I  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Annual Report on Form
10-K of Sipup Corporation, a Nevada corporation, contains  forward-looking statements,  as defined in the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
as  may ,  will ,  should ,  could ,  expects ,  plans ,
 intends ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential 
or  continue  or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include,
without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures
as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment
within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking
statements and/or predictions include, among other things: 

the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses;  

risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern;  

Our stockholders will suffer dilution as the Company will seek future funding or any other financing facilities; and    

other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy.  

This list is not an exhaustive
list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully
and readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s
beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the
forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

We caution readers not
to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to
reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

All references in this
Form 10-K to the  Company ,  Sipup ,  we ,  us,  or  our  are to Sipup
Corporation 

Item 1. Business.  

Our Company  

Sipup Corporation was incorporated
on October 31, 2012 under the laws of the State of Nevada for the purpose of producing, packing and selling flavored yogurts.  We
currently have no revenue generating business. 

Sipup is presently negotiating
the terms of a proposed transaction whereby the Company would acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of a privately held
company engaged in the business of acquiring and developing commercial real estate property (the  Target Company ) in
exchange for the issuance to the stockholders of the Target Company shares of the Company s common stock in an amount, after
giving effect to the transaction, which would be equal to approximately 60% of the issued and outstanding stock of the Company.
The transaction is expected to be treated as a recapitalization with the Target Company as the accounting acquirer (reverse acquisition).
The proposed transaction is subject to the negotiation, execution and delivery of definitive agreements as well as the satisfaction
of certain significant additional conditions, including the remittance by the Target Company up to $1,000,000 to the Company to
be used to pay certain debts of the Company and the Company's legal and accounting fees in connection with negotiating the proposed
transaction, the definitive documents for the proposed transaction and the preparation and filing of the Company's past due SEC
reports. We are also exploring opportunities in the oil and gas exploration industry, focusing on acquisition of small  
mid producing wells in USA and Canada. No assurance can be provided that the Company and Target Company will successfully conclude
the proposed transaction with the Target Company or the other noted opportunity. 

1  

Organization within the last five years  

On October 31, 2012, the
Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. Through fiscal year 2013, we were engaged in the production, packing
and selling of flavored yogurts and have not generated any revenue; our independent auditors have issued an opinion about our ability
to continue as a going concern in connection with our audited financial statements for the year ended November 30, 2015. Our accumulated
deficit is $111,841 as of November 30, 2015. We currently have no revenue generating business and are focusing on finalizing the
transaction with the Target Company. 

The discussion below provides
an overview of our operations, discusses our results of operations, our plan of operations and our liquidity and capital resources. 

We are authorized to issue
75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share. On November 19, 2012, we issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock
to our sole officer and director on that date. Mr. Naeem purchased such 3,000,000 shares at a purchase price of $0.001 per share,
for an aggregate purchase price of $3,000. 

On December 5, 2013, Mr.
Nissim Barih ( Barih ) and several other unrelated persons (each a  Buyer  and collectively, the  Buyers ),
closed on a transaction (the  Purchase ) in which the Buyers acquired a total of 3,000,000 shares (the  Shares )
of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ) of Sipup from Rashid Naeem, the Company s sole
director and officer ( Naeem ) immediately prior to the Purchase. The Purchase was consummated pursuant to the Stock
Purchase Agreement by and among the Buyers and Naeem. The aggregate purchase price paid for the Shares was $131,000. The Shares
represented in the aggregate 75% of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock. Barih,
one of the Buyers, holds 2,475,000 of the Shares, representing approximately 61% of all of our issued and outstanding Common Stock.
The funds used to consummate the Purchase of the Shares were the personal funds of each participating Buyer. Accordingly, the purchase
of the Shares resulted in a change in control of the Company. 

In connection with the
above transaction, Naeem resigned from all officers  positions that he held in the Company, including President, Chief Executive
Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, which resignation became effective immediately upon the closing of the Purchase.  Contemporaneously
with closing of the Purchase, Jacob Daddon was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer and our sole director. Effective
July 1 2014, Messrs Rafi Elul and Peretz Winkler were appointed director and chief executive officer and director, respectively,
whereupon Mr. Daddon resigned. Thereafter, Effective March 17, 2015, Mr. Elul resigned and effective December 21, 2015, Mr. Baruch
Yadid was appointed as a director, Mr. Yochai Ozeri was appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and as a director and Mr. Natanael Solomon was appointed VP Marketing and Investor Relations and as a director. 

General  

We were incorporated on
October 31, 2012 in the State of Nevada. We have never declared bankruptcy, have never been in receivership, and have never been
involved in any legal action or proceedings. Since incorporation, we have not made any significant purchase or sale of assets.
 . 

From inception until the
date of this filing we have had limited operating activities. Our financial statements from inception (October 31, 2012) through
our fiscal year ended November 30, 2015 report no revenues and a net loss of $111,841. Our independent auditor has issued an audit
opinion for our Company which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have no revenues and
have incurred losses since inception. 

Insurance  

We do not maintain any
insurance. Because we do not have any insurance, if we are made a party of a legal action, we may not have sufficient funds to
defend the litigation. If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations. 

Employees  

As of December 23,
2016, we have two employees, all of whom are officers and work out of Israel. None of our employees are subject to a collective
bargaining agreement. 

Offices  

The Company s principal
offices are located at 30 Wall St. 8 th  floor, New York, NY 10005. Our telephone number is 212 792-4000. 

Government Regulation  

We will be required to
comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies in any jurisdiction which we would conduct
activities in the future. As of now there are no required governments approvals present that we need approval from or any existing
government regulation on our business. 

We currently have not obtained
any copyrights, patents or trademarks. We do not anticipate filing any copyright or trademark applications related to any assets
over the next 12 months. 

2  

Plan of Operation  

Our cash balance is $Nil
as of November 30, 2015. We do not believe that our cash balance is sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations beyond
one year s time. 

Our independent registered
public accountant has issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going
business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have not generated
revenues and no revenues are anticipated until we complete our initial business development. There is no assurance we will ever
reach that stage. 

We anticipate that our
current cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, if any, will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements
for at least the next 12 months. We will require additional funds prior to such time and the Company will seek to obtain these
funds by selling additional capital through private equity placements, debt or other sources of financing. If we are unable to
obtain sufficient additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned operations, which could harm our
business, financial condition and operating results. Additional funding to meet our requirements may not be available on favorable
terms, if at all. 

At the present time, we
have been able to raise additional cash by selling of common stock, it will likely not be sufficient to support our planned operations.
If we are unable to raise the cash needed to support our operations, we will either suspend product development and marketing activities
until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely 

We are presently working
towards concluding the terms of the proposed transaction with the Target Company and finalizing and executing legally binding agreements
with Target Company. If we enter into definitive agreement with the Target Company, we will be engaged in acquisition, development
and management of income-producing properties in urban growth markets in Israel. In addition, if we successfully conclude appropriate
agreement, we will be engaged in oil and gas exploration focus on acquisition of small   mid producing wells in USA and Canada.
However, no assurance can be provided that we will be successful in concluding any of these or other transactions. 

Subject to raising working
capital, for which we have no commitments, management may also consider other business opportunities, including a strategic merger
or acquisition outside our current line of business, in order to increase shareholder value. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Limited operating history; Need for additional
capital  

There is no historical
financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have
not generated any revenues. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks
inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due
to price and cost increases in services and products. 

We have no assurance that
future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable
to continue, develop or expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors.  

The Company is a smaller
reporting company as defined by rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this
item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments.  

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties.  

The Company does not own
any property. We currently lease a virtual office at 30 Wall St. 8 th  floor, Manhattan, NY. Our lease expires on February
2017. We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate for our present needs. 

3  

Item 3. Legal
Proceedings.  

The Company is not party
to any legal proceedings, nor is there any known legal proceedings contemplated against the Company. 

No director, officer or
affiliate of the Company and no owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5.0% of the securities of the Company, or any
associate of any such director, officer or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company in reference to pending litigation. 

Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5. Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

QUOTATION ON THE OTC BULLETIN BOARD AND
OTC MARKETS GROUP INC.  

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink
Sheets under the symbol  SPUP.  

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing bid prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 

(1) 
     The above table sets forth the range of high and low closing bid prices per share of our common stock as reported on the OTCBB for the periods indicated.  

HOLDERS  

As of the date of this Form
10-K the Company had 4,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by 12 holders of record. 

DIVIDEND POLICY  

We have not declared or
paid dividends on our common stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration
or payment of dividends, if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then
current financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors.
There are no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends. 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION
PLANS  

We have no equity compensation
or stock option plans. We may in the future adopt a stock option plan as our mineral exploration activities progress. 

4  

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Results of Operations  

From November 30, 2014 to November 30, 2015  

During the period, we incorporated
the Company, and prepared a business plan .  Our loss since inception is $95,710 related primarily to professional fees, officers'
compensation, and the incorporation of the Company, bank charges and office supplies. We have not meaningfully commenced our proposed
business operations and will not do so until after receiving sufficient financing. 

Since inception, we have
offered and sold (i) 3,000,000 shares of common stock to Rashid Naeem, our former officer and a director, at a purchase price of
$0.001 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $3,000 and we have offered and sold 1,000,000 shares at a purchase price of $0.05 per
share, for aggregate proceeds of $50,000. 

Revenues   

For the year ended November
30, 2015 and 2014, we had no revenues. 

Costs and Operating Expenses   

had expenses of $16,113
comprised of Professional fees of $14,500 and filling fees of $1,631 resulting in a net loss of $16,131 as compared to expenses
of $25,907 comprised of officer's compensation of $24,817, and filling fees of $1,090 resulting in a net loss of $25,907 for the
fiscal year ended November 30, 2014. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of November 30, 2015,
the company had $Nil cash and our liabilities were $46,773, consisting primarily of Accounts payable and accrued expenses of $39,718
and Loans payable of $7,055. As of November 30, 2014, the company had $Nil cash and our liabilities were $30,642, consisting primarily
of Accounts payable and accrued expenses of $26,087 and Loans payable of $4,555. The available capital reserves of the Company
are not sufficient for the Company to remain operational. 

During 2015 and 2014 a
stockholder advanced the Company $2,500 and $2,800, respectively, to pay expenses.  

Our auditors have issued
a  going concern  opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the
next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until after receiving sufficient
financing and implementing our plan of operations. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. The Company
anticipates over the next 12 months the cost of being a reporting public company will be approximately $25,000. 

Existing working capital,
further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be inadequate to fund our operations over the
next twelve months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to
date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management
anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii)
developmental expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. Although we intend to finance these expenses
with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances, no assurance can be provided that we will be able to raise funds on commercially
acceptable terms or at all. 

We anticipate that our
current cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, if any, will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements
for at least the next 12 months. We will require additional funds prior to such time and the Company will seek to obtain those
funds by selling additional capital through private equity placements, debt or other sources of financing. If we are unable to
obtain sufficient additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned operations, which could harm our
business, financial condition and operating results. Additional funding to meet our requirements may not be available on favorable
terms, if at all. 

At the present time, we
have been able to raise additional cash by selling of common stock, it will likely not be sufficient to support our planned operations.
If we are unable to raise the cash needed to support our operations, we will either suspend product development and marketing activities
until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely. Because we have been unable to raise additional cash, Management may
consider other business opportunities in order to maintain and increase shareholder value. 

We are highly dependent
upon the success of the private offerings of equity or debt securities, as described herein. Therefore, the failure thereof would
result in the need to seek capital from other resources such as taking loans, which would likely not even be possible for the Company.
At such time these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing. If the Company cannot raise
additional proceeds via a private placement of its equity or debt securities, or secure a loan, the Company would be required to
cease business operations. As a result, investors would lose all of their investment. 

5  

Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements
of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and
are presented in US dollars. 

Use of Estimates  

Management uses estimates
and assumption in preparing these financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Those estimates
and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and
the reported revenues and expenses. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for
income taxes under ASC 740  Income Taxes  which codified SFAS 109,  Accounting for Income Taxes  and FIN
48  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes   an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109.  Under the asset
and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. 

Fail Value of Financial Instruments  

Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 820,  Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments , requires the Company to disclose, when reasonably
attainable, the fair market values of its assets and liabilities which are deemed to be financial instruments. The Company s
financial instruments consist primarily of cash. 

Per Share Information  

The Company computes net
loss per share accordance with FASB ASC 205  Earnings per Share . FASB ASC 205 requires presentation of both basic
and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net loss available
to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted
EPS gives effect to all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS excludes all potentially
dilutive shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Stock Based Compensation  

Stock-based compensation
is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 718.  To date, the Company has not adopted a stock option plan
and has not granted any stock options. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.  

The information called
for by Item 8 is included following the  Index to Financial Statements  on page F-1 contained in this annual report
on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  

None 

6  

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures.  

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s
board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 

- 
     Pertains to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of assets;  

- 
     Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and receipts and expenditures are being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and  

- 
     Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.  

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our President and principal financial officer, an evaluation was performed
on the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation, our President and principle executive officer, who also acts as our principal financial
officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report
for the purpose of gathering, analyzing and disclosing of information that the Company is required to disclose in the reports it
files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting  

As of November 30, 2015
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for
effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based
on that evaluation, they concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal control over financial reporting
were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies
that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls
and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The matters involving internal
controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee due to the lack of a majority of independent
members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment
and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives;
and (3) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses
were identified by our Chief Executive Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of November 30, 2015. 

Management believes that
the material weaknesses set forth in items (2) and (3) above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management
believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors,
results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures which could result
in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

In an effort to remediate
the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated or plan to initiate
the following series of measures. 

We will create a position
to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise
within the accounting function when funds are available to us. And we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board
of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when
funds are available to us. 

Management believes that
the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the
lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

We will continue to monitor
and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an
ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary
and as funds allow. 

There have been no significant
changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2014 which has materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

7  

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide
management report in the Annual Report. 

Item 9B. Other Information.  

None 

PART III  

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.  

As of the date of this Form
10-K the Directors and Officers currently serving our Company are as follows: 

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Positions and Offices   
 
     Mr. Yochai Ozeri (1) 
       
     40 
       
     Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer  
 
     Mr. Netanel Salomon (1) 
       
     28 
       
     Vice President of Marketing and Investor Relations  
 
     Mr. Baruch Yadid (3) 
       
     59 
       
     Director  

The directors named above
will serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their respective resignation or removal from office. Thereafter,
directors are anticipated to be elected for one-year terms at the annual stockholders  meeting. Officers will hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

Yochai Ozeri, Age 40  

Mr. Ozeri has been serving,
since January 2012, as the Director of Finance and Treasurer of deltathree. In his current roles at deltathree, Mr. Ozeri serves
as its principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Prior to assuming the positions of at deltathree, Mr. Ozeri,
served as Controller from August 2009 until January 2012. Founded in 1996, deltathree, Inc. is a global provider of Voice over
Internet Protocol (VoIP) telephony services, products, and solutions for partners, resellers and direct consumers. Prior to joining
deltathree, Mr. Ozeri served as a senior auditor at Kost, Forer, Gabbay   Kasierer, a member firm of Ernst   Young International,
in its technology practice group. Mr. Ozeri is a Certified Public Accountant.  

Netanael Salomon, Age 28  

Mr. Solomon has been serving,
since November 2014, as a sales executive in Binary Partners which experts in building traded platform online binary option and
Forex platforms for dealers. Prior to assuming the positions of at Binary Partners, Mr. Salomon served from July 2013 as Vice President;
sales and marketing in Webresult an internet marketing solutions company. Mr. Salmon has served from March 2012 to July 2013 as
a consultant and manager of  call of the shofar  Israeli branch, a non-profit focuses on personal and relational transformation.
From November 2010 to March 2012 as a youth guide in Gush Etzion regional municipality managing employment projects for youth on
summer vacation .   

Baruch Yadid, Age 59  

In the last 10 years Mr.
Yadid was involved in several real estates and commercial deals in Israel and abroad, he also played a major role in the successes
of private companies .  

Director Independence  

None of our directors presently
qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ
independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three
years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business
dealings with us. In addition, our board of director has not made a subjective determination as to its sole director that no relationships
exist which, in the opinion of our board of director, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules.  Had our board of
director made these determinations, our board of director would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the director
and us with regard to each director business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

8  

Conflicts of Interest  

Since we do not have an
audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees
are performed by our current directors. The Board of Director has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit
committee financial expert, nor has the Board established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees
are not necessary since the Company is an early development stage company, and to date, such directors have been performing the
functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors have the authority to determine
issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

There are no legal proceedings
that have occurred in the past 10 years concerning our sole officer and director which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal
proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking industries, or
a finding of securities or commodities law violations.  

FAMILY RELATIONS  

There are no family relationships
among the directors and officers of Sipup Corporation. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST  

Since we do not have an
audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees
are performed by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee
financial expert, nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees
are not necessary since the Company is an early exploration stage company and has only two directors, and to date, such directors
have been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and
officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect
management decisions. 

There are no family relationships
among our directors or officers. Other than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of
our executive officers or directors. 

CODE OF ETHICS  

The Company has not adopted
a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or
controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Company has not adopted a code of ethics because it currently has minimal
operations. 

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE  

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class
of our equity securities, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten
percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based on our review
of filings made on the SEC website, and the fact of us not receiving certain forms or written representations from certain reporting
persons that they have complied with the relevant filing requirements, we believe that, during the year ended November 30, 2015,
none of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.  

Item 11. Executive
Compensation.  

Summary Compensation Table  

The table below summarizes
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal
periods indicated. 

Name and Principal Position    
         Year        
          Salary     ($)         
          Bonus     ($)         
          Stock     Awards     ($)(1)         
          Option     Awards     ($)(1)         
          Total     ($)       
 
     Yochai Ozeri    
        2014       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)    
        2015       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     

We currently do not pay any compensation to
our director serving on our board of director. 

9  

Stock Option Grants  

We have not granted any
stock options to the executive officer since our inception. Upon the further development of our business, we will likely grant
options to our sole director and officer consistent with industry standards for businesses similar to ours. 

Employment Agreements  

Mr. Ozeri and the Company
entered into an employment agreement dated February 1, 2016 pursuant to which Mr. Ozeri will be paid a monthly base salary of $2,000
for the first three months. Thereafter, the Company s board of directors or the appropriate committee will consider an increase
in the base amount. Under the agreement, Mr. Ozeri will be entitled to participate in any future employee stock option plan that
the Company establishes and will be issued non-qualified options for 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Either
the Company or Mr. Ozeri is entitled to terminate employment upon 60 prior days  notice. 

Director Compensation  

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

The following table
lists, as of December 23, 2016, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person
or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and
director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common
stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using  beneficial ownership 
concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner
of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security,
or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial
owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and
Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may
be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as
noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 

The percentages
below are calculated based on 4,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of May 3, 2016. We do not have any
outstanding warrant, options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 

Executive Officers and Directors    
     Shares of Common  Stock (1)       
     Percent of Class  (2)     
 
     Nissim Barih (3)    
        2,475,000       
        61  %  
 
     Yochai Ozeri, Interim Chief Executive Officer   Director    
        -       
        *  %  
 
     Netanel Salomon,  Vice President   Director    
        -       
        *     
 
     Baruch Yadid,  Director    

Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons)    
        -       
        *  %  

* Less than one percent. 

(1)          Under
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to
direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares.  Certain
shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the
power to dispose of the shares).  In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has
the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information
is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount
of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. 

(2)          Based
on 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the closing of the Purchase. 

(3)          A
holder of 10% or more of our voting stock.  The business address of Nissim Barih is 41 Shlomo Hamelech Street, Lod Israel. 

10  

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  

Currently, there are no
contemplated transactions that the Company may enter into with our officers, directors or affiliates. If any such transactions
are contemplated we will file such disclosure in a timely manner with the Commission on the proper form making such transaction
available for the public to view. 

The Company has no formal
written employment agreement or other contracts with our current officers and there is no assurance that the services to be provided
by them will be available for any specific length of time in the future. 

Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services.  

Audit and Non-Audit Fees  

Effective
December 21, 2015, the Company appointed Weinstein   Co. (  Weinstein  ) as the independent registered public
accounting firm, for the Company for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2014. Aggregate fees for professional services rendered
for the Company by Weinstein   Co, our independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal years ended November 30,
2015 and respectively for our former independent auditor during the year ended November 30, 2014 are set forth below: 

11  

PART IV  

ITEM
15.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

(a)(1)
Financial Statements.  

The
Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this Annual Report are identified in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
on page F-1 hereto.  

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules.  

Financial
Statement Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown on
the financial statements or notes thereto.  

(a)(3)
Exhibits.  

We
hereby file, as exhibits to this Annual Report, those exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature
page hereto.  

12  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on  December 23 ,
2016.  

SIPUP CORPORATION, INC.   

By:   
     /s/ Yochai Ozeri  

Yochai Ozeri   
 
      Date:  December
23, 2016  
       
      Chief Executive Officer  
(Principal Executive Officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature  
       
      Title  
       
      Date   

/s/ Yochai Ozeri 
       
     Chief Executive Officer and Director 
       
     December 23, 2016  
 
     Yochai Ozeri 
       
     (Principal Executive and Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Baruch Yadid 
       
     Director 
       
     December 23, 2016  
 
     Baruch Yadid 

/s/ Natanel Salomon 
       
     Director, Vice President 
       
     December 23, 2016  
 
     Natanel Salomon 

13  

SIPUP
CORPORATION   

   INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Contents:  

F- 1  

REPORT
OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  

  Sipup
Corporation Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Sipup Corporation (hereinafter,  the Company ) as of November 30,
2015 and 2014, and the related statements of income, cash flow and stockholders' equity for the years then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sipup
Corporation as of November 30, 2015 and 2014 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the period described above in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has not established sufficient source of revenue to cover its operating costs.
As of November 30, 2015, the Company does not have sufficient working capital and cash resources to meet its planned business
objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

/s/
Dov Weinstein   Co. C.P.A. (Isr)  

Dov
Weinstein   Co. C.P.A. (Isr)  

  Jerusalem,
Israel  

  April
20, 2016  

F- 2  

PART
I   

   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

Item
1 .    Financial Statements   

SIPUP
CORPORATION INC.   

   BALANCE SHEETS   

   ($ in
dollars )  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

F- 3  

SIPUP
CORPORATION INC.   

   STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS   

   ($
in dollars, except share and per share data)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

F- 4  

SIPUP
CORPORATION INC.   

   STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIENCY   

   ($ in
dollars)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

F- 5  

SIPUP
CORPORATION INC.   

   STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS   

   (unaudited)   

   ($
in dollars)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

F- 6  

SIPUP
CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
1   NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION      

Sipup
Corporation (the  Company ) is a Nevada Corporation incorporated on October 31, 2012. The Company plans to establish
itself as a properties development business.  

Basis
of Presentation   

The
Company maintains its accounting records on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). These financial statements are presented in US dollars.  

Fiscal
Year End   

The
Corporation has adopted a fiscal year end of November 30.  

Going
concern   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at November 30, 2015, the Company
has an accumulated deficit of $111,841 from operations and has earned no revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends
to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working
capital and other cash requirements for the year ending November 30, 2015.  

The
ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing
to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional
funds through public or private placement offerings.  

These
factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The
principal accounting policies are set out below, these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented, unless
otherwise stated:   

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Cash
and cash equivalents   

Cash
and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at
credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) up to $250,000.  

Accounts
Payable and Accrued Expenses   

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses are carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company
prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect
of the purchase of these goods and services.  

Earnings
per Share   

The
Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share  ASC 260 requires presentation of
both basic and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares, which comprise
options granted to employees. As November 30, 2015, the Company had no potentially dilutive shares.  

F- 7  

Income
Taxes   

Income
taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under the asset and liability method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered
or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

Stock
based compensation   

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC
718 requires all share-based compensation payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value using
an option pricing model. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if
actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.  

Equity
instruments granted to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505, Equity. The final measurement date for the
fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument
is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for non-performance.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

The
Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance
on fair value measurements, which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability,
as the case may be, in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes
a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation
techniques, are assigned a hierarchical level.  

The
following are the hierarchical levels of inputs to measure fair value:  

-
Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments;  

  -
Level 2: Other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments);  

  -
Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions in determining the fair value of certain investments).  

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements   

During
the year ended November 30, 2015, the Company has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-10,
Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows
the Company to remove the inception to date information and all references to development stage.  

We
do not believe that the adoption of any other recently issued accounting pronouncements in 2015 had a significant impact on our
financial position, results of operations, or cash flow.  

NOTE
3   LOAN FROM STOCKHOLDER   

*The
above loan is unsecured, bears no interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand     

NOTE
4   STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT   

Common
stock   

In
October 2012, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock at a price of $ 0.001 per share.  

In
April 2013, pursuant to the terms of an offering registered with the SEC, the Company issued 90,000 shares of common stock at
$0.05 per share.  

F- 8  

In
May 2013, pursuant to the terms of an offering registered with the SEC, the Company issued 910,000 shares of common stock at $0.05
per share.  

NOTE
5   INCOME TAXES   

a.  
Provision for income taxes   

No
provision for income taxes was required for the three months ended November 3  0 ,
2015 and 2014 due to net losses in these periods.   

b.
In accordance with ASC 740-10, the components of deferred income taxes are as follows:   

The
Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for period ended  November
3 0, 2015 because it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards .   

As
of  November 3 0, 2015 the Company had approximately $111,841 in tax loss carryforwards
that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income, and expire by the year 2035.  

The
Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized
tax benefits. The federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS, generally for three years after
they are filed .   

NOTE
6   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION   

Parties
are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control or exercise significant influence over the other party in
making financial and operating decisions.  

A
related party transaction is considered to be a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties, regardless of whether
or not a price is charged.  

The
stockholders who gave the loan to the company are not considered as a related party because they have less than 10% of the stocks.  

NOTE
7   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

In
accordance with ASC 855-10, Company management reviewed all material events through the date of this report and determined that
there are no additional material subsequent events to report.  

F- 9  

EXHIBIT
INDEX   

Exhibit  
          Number   
       
       Description    
 
      31   
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) , as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*   

32   
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer), furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *   

101.INS   
       
      XBRL Instance Document.*   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.*   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.*   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.*   

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Label Linkbase Document.*    

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Presentation Linkbase Document.*   

14  

<EX-31>
 2
 f10k2015ex31_sipupcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31   

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 302   

I,
Yochai Ozeri, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sipup Corporation for the year ended November 30, 2015;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:  

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    December 23, 2016  
      /s/
    Yochai Ozeri   

Yochai
        Ozeri,  
          Principal
        Executive Officer and 
        Principal Financial and Accounting Officer    

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 f10k2015ex32_sipupcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32   

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 906   

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code), the undersigned officer of Sipup Corporation, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify,
to such officer's knowledge, that:  

(1)  
              
      the
    Annual Report  for the year ended November 30, 2015 (the  Form 10-K ) of the
    Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and   

(2)  
      and
    the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
    of operations of the Company  .   

Dated:
    December 23, 2016  
      /s/
    Yochai Ozeri   

Yochai
        Ozeri, Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer and 
        Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 spup-20151130.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 spup-20151130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 spup-20151130_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 spup-20151130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 spup-20151130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 spup-20151130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

