<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_824410_0000824410-16-000025_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19900112</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136302</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>585983</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7637906</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7905421</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1762860</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>73</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000824410-16-000025.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104093915
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000824410-16-000025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDY SPRING BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000824410
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				521532952
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19065
		FILM NUMBER:		161973854

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17801 GEORGIA AVE
		CITY:			OLNEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20832
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3017746400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17801 GEORGIA AVENUE
		CITY:			OLNEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20832

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000824410-16-000025.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 Form10Q_093016.htm

Form 10-K 2007  (00310308.DOC;1) 

UNITED STATES    

    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

    WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549    

FORM 10-Q    

(X) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016    

OR   

(  ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from                                to
____________   

Commission File Number:    0-19065     

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC    .   

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)   

Maryland                                             52-1532952      

   (State of incorporation)   
               (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)   

17801
Georgia Avenue, Olney, Maryland                   
20832     

                                                        (Address
of principal executive office)             (Zip Code)   

301-774-6400     

   (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to filing requirements for the past 90 days.   

   Yes      X            No                                                                                                                  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).    

   Yes      X            No                                                                                                                     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.   

Large
accelerated filer              Accelerated
filer      X       Non-accelerated filer                 Smaller reporting company      x                    

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act)   

   Yes                    No       X                                                                            

The number of outstanding shares of common stock outstanding
as of November 4, 2016   

Common stock, $1.00 par value   23,889,625 shares    

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page   

PART I -
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item1.
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Condensed
  Consolidated Statements of Condition - Unaudited at  

September 30,
  2016 and December 31, 2015  

4  

Condensed
  Consolidated Statements of Income - Unaudited for the Three and Nine  Months  

Ended September
  30, 2016 and 2015  

5  

Condensed
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   Unaudited for   

the Three and
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

6  

Condensed
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Unaudited for the Nine  

Months Ended
  September 30, 2016  

7  

Condensed
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity   Unaudited for
  the  

Three and Nine
  Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

8  

Notes to
  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

9  

Item 2.
  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF  

FINANCIAL
  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

36  

Item 3.
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES  

ABOUT MARKET
  RISK   

61  

Item 4.
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

61  

PART II -
  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.          LEGAL
  PROCEEDINGS  

61  

Item 1A. RISK
  FACTORS  

61  

Item 2.   
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

61  

Item 3.   
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

62  

Item 4.   
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

62  

Item 5.   
  OTHER INFORMATION  

62  

Item 6.   
  EXHIBITS  

62  

SIGNATURES  

63  

2   

Forward-Looking Statements   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
as well as other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and written or oral communications made from time to time by or on
behalf of Sandy Spring Bancorp and its subsidiaries (the  Company ), may
contain statements relating to future events or future results of the Company
that are considered  forward-looking statements  under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may be
identified by the use of words such as  believe,   expect,   anticipate,  
 plan,   estimate,   intend  and  potential,  or words of similar meaning, or
future or conditional verbs such as  should,   could,  or  may.  
Forward-looking statements include statements of our goals, intentions and
expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and
operating strategies; statements regarding the quality of our loan and
investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and
benefits.  

Forward-looking statements reflect
our expectation or prediction of future conditions, events or results based on
information currently available. These forward-looking statements are subject
to significant risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ
materially from those in such statements.  These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the risks identified in Item 1A of the
Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A of Part II of this report
and the following:  

general business and economic conditions nationally or in the
markets that the Company serves could adversely affect, among other things,
real estate prices, unemployment levels, and consumer and business confidence,
which could lead to decreases in the demand for loans, deposits and other
financial services that we provide and increases in loan delinquencies and
defaults;   

changes or volatility in the capital markets and interest rates
may adversely impact the value of securities, loans, deposits and other
financial instruments and the interest rate sensitivity of our balance sheet as
well as our liquidity;   

our liquidity requirements could be adversely affected by changes
in our assets and liabilities;   

our investment securities portfolio is subject to credit risk, market
risk, and liquidity risk as well as changes in the estimates we use to value
certain of the securities in our portfolio;   

the effect of legislative or regulatory developments including
changes in laws concerning taxes, banking, securities, insurance and other
aspects of the financial services industry;   

competitive factors among financial services companies, including
product and pricing pressures and our ability to attract, develop and retain
qualified banking professionals;   

the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as
may be adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and
Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and other
regulatory agencies; and   

the effect of fiscal and governmental policies of the United
States federal government.   

Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date of this report.    The Company does
not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or
events that occur after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws.  

3   

4   

5   

6   

7   

8   

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries    

    Notes to the CONDENSED
Consolidated Financial Statements - UNAUDITED    

Note 1   Significant Accounting Policies          

      Nature of
Operations    

   Sandy Spring Bancorp (the  Company ), a Maryland
corporation, is the bank holding company for Sandy Spring Bank (the  Bank ).
The Bank offers a broad range of commercial banking, retail banking, mortgage
and trust services throughout central Maryland, Northern Virginia and the
greater Washington D.C. market through its operation of 44 community offices
and six financial centers across the region. The Bank also offers a
comprehensive menu of insurance and wealth management services through its
subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation and West Financial Services,
Inc.     

Basis of
Presentation    

   The accounting and reporting policies of the Company
conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( GAAP ) and prevailing practices within the financial services
industry for interim financial information and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. 
Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required for
complete financial statements and prevailing practices within the banking
industry.  The following summary of significant accounting policies of the
Company is presented to assist the reader in understanding the financial and
other data presented in this report.  Operating results for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for any future periods or for the year ending December 31,
2016. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (comprising only normal
recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation of the results of the
interim periods have been included. Certain reclassifications have been made to
prior period amounts, as necessary, to conform to the current period
presentation.  The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date of
the issuance of its financial statements.   

These statements should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s 2015
Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) on March 4, 2016.  There have been no significant changes to the
Company s accounting policies as disclosed in the 2015 Annual Report on Form
10-K.     

Principles
of Consolidation    

   The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Sandy
Spring Bank and its subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation and West
Financial Services, Inc. Consolidation has resulted in the elimination of all
intercompany accounts and transactions.     

Use
of Estimates    

   The preparation of financial statements requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the
date of the financial statements, and affect the reported amounts of revenues
earned and expenses incurred during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Estimates that could change significantly relate
to the provision for loan and lease losses and the related allowance, determination
of impaired loans and the related measurement of impairment, potential
impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, valuation of investment
securities and the determination of whether impaired securities are
other-than-temporarily impaired, valuation of other real estate owned,
prepayment rates, valuation of share-based compensation, the assessment that a
liability should be recognized with respect to any matters under litigation,
the calculation of current and deferred income taxes and the actuarial
projections related to pension expense and the related liability.   

Cash
Flows    

   For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash
equivalents include cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and
interest-bearing deposits with banks (items with stated original maturity of
three months or less).   

9   

Pending Accounting
Pronouncements      

The FASB issued
Update No. 2014-09 in May 2014 that provides accounting guidance for all
revenue arising from contracts with customers and affects all entities that
enter into contracts to provide goods or services to customers. The guidance
also provides for a model for the measurement and recognition of gains and
losses on the sale of certain nonfinancial assets, such as property and
equipment, including real estate. This standard may affect an entity s
financial statements, business processes and internal control over financial
reporting. The guidance is effective for the first interim or annual period
beginning after December 15, 2017. The guidance must be adopted using either a
full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption
or a modified retrospective approach.      The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material
impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.   

The FASB issued Update No. 2016-01 in January 2016.  This
guidance requires entities to measure equity investments at fair value and
recognize changes on fair value in net income. The guidance also provides a new
measurement alternative for equity investments that do not have readily
determinable fair values and don t qualify for the net asset value practical
expedient. Entities will have to record changes in instrument  specific credit
risk for financial liabilities measured under the fair value option in other comprehensive
income, except for certain financial liabilities of consolidated collateralized
financing entities. Entities will also have to reassess the realizability of a
deferred tax asset related to an available-for-sale debt security in
combination with their other deferred tax assets. For public entities, the
guidance in this update is effective for the first interim or annual period
beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption by public entities is
permitted as of the beginning of the year of adoption for selected amendments
by a cumulative effect adjustment to the balance sheet. The adoption of this
standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial
position, results of operations or cash flows.   

   The FASB issued Update No. 2016-02 in February 2016. Under
this guidance lessees are required to record most leases on their balance
sheets but recognize expenses in the income statement. The guidance also
eliminates the current real estate-specific provision and changes the guidance
on sale-leaseback transactions, initial direct costs and lease executory costs.
With respect to lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and
the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. All entities will
classify leases to determine how to recognize lease-related revenue and
expense. In applying this guidance entities will also need to determine whether
an arrangement contains a lease or service agreement. Disclosures are required
by lessees and lessors to meet the objective of enabling users of financials
statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising
from leases. For public entities, this guidance is effective for the first
interim or annual period beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is
permitted. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach for
leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest
comparative period in the financial statements. The Company is assessing this
guidance to determine its impact on the Company s financial position, results
of operations and cash flows.   

   The FASB issued Update No. 2016-08 in March 2016. This
guidance is intended to clarify a potential implementation issue with respect
to determining whether an entity is a principal or an agent in an arrangement.
The guidance provides indicators to assist in this evaluation when another
party is involved in the arrangement to identify which party is the principal
and which party is the agent. The effective date for this guidance is the same
as the effective date of Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   

   The FASB issued Update No. 2016-09 in March 2016. This
guidance requires recognition of all income tax effects of stock awards in the
income statement when such awards vest or are settled. In addition, it revises
the existing guidance to allow employers to withhold more of an employee s
shares to satisfy the employer s statutory withholding requirements and still
qualify for equity accounting treatment. Finally, an entity will now be allowed
to make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number
or awards that are expected to vest, as required in the current guidance, or
account for forfeitures as they occur. For public entities, this guidance is
effective for the first interim or annual period beginning after December 15,
2016. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results
of operations or cash flows.   

10   

The FASB issued Update No.
2016-13 in June 2016. This guidance changes the impairment model for most
financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments.
Entities will be required to use a model to estimate expected losses on a
forward-looking basis that will result in earlier recognition of loss
allowances in most instances. Credit losses related to available-for-sale debt
securities will be measured in a manner similar to the present, except that
such losses will be recorded as allowances rather than as reductions in the
amortized cost of the related securities. With respect to trade and other
receivables, loans, held-to-maturity debt securities, net investments in leases
and off-balance-sheet credit exposures, the guidance requires that an entity
estimate its lifetime expected credit loss and record an allowance resulting in
the net amount expected to be collected to be reflected as the financial
asset.  Entities are also required to provide significantly more disclosures,
including information used to track credit quality by year of origination for
most financing receivables. This guidance is effective for public business
entities for the first interim or annual period beginning after December 15,
2019. The standard s provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting
period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption by public business
entities is permitted for the first interim or annual period beginning after
December 15, 2018. The Company is assessing this guidance to determine its
impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows.   

The FASB issued Update No. 2016-15 in August 2016. This
guidance is intended to reduce the diversity in practice with respect to the
presentation and classification of items in the statement of cash flows. This
guidance is effective for public business entities for the first interim or
annual period beginning after December 15, 2017. The standard s provisions will
be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. An
entity may elect early adoption but must adopt all of the amendments in the
same period. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material
impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.   

Note 2   Investments     

      Investments
available-for-sale    

   The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investments
available-for-sale at the dates indicated are presented in the following table:       

Any
unrealized losses in the U.S. government agencies, state and municipal,
mortgage-backed or corporate debt investment securities at September 30, 2016
are not the result of credit related events but due to changes in interest rates.  
These declines are considered temporary in nature and are expected to decline
over time and recover as these securities approach maturity.   

11   

The mortgage-backed securities portfolio at September 30,
2016 is composed entirely of either the most senior tranches of GNMA, FNMA or
FHLMC collateralized mortgage obligations ($111.1 million), or GNMA, FNMA or
FHLMC mortgage-backed securities ($180.4 million).  The Company does not
currently intend to sell these securities and has sufficient liquidity to hold
these securities for an adequate period of time, which may be maturity, to
allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value.     

During the first quarter of 2016, the
Company transferred its investments held-to-maturity portfolio, which totaled
$203.1 million, to the available-for-sale portfolio. At the time of the
transfer, these investments had an unrealized gain of $4.6 million. The Company
made this transfer to provide additional liquidity to fund future loan growth
and other corporate activities.     

At September 30, 2016 the trust preferred portfolio consisted
of one pooled trust preferred security.  The pooled trust preferred security,
which is backed by debt issued by banks and thrifts, totals $1.1 million with a
fair value of $1.0 million.  The fair value of this security was determined by
management through the use of a third party valuation specialist due to the
limited trading activity for this security.     

As a result of this evaluation, it was determined that the
pooled trust preferred security had not incurred any credit-related
other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) for the quarter ended September 30,
2016.  The unrealized loss on this security that is recognized in other
comprehensive income ( OCI ) and is not expected to be sold and which the
Company has the ability to hold until maturity, was $0.1  million at September
30, 2016.      

The
following table provides the activity of OTTI on investment securities due to
credit losses recognized in earnings for the period indicated:       

(In
  thousands)   

OTTI
  Losses  

Cumulative
  credit losses on investment securities, through December 31, 2015  

$  

531  

Additions
  for credit losses not previously recognized  

-  

Cumulative
  credit losses on investment securities through September 30, 2016  

$  

531  

12   

Gross unrealized losses and fair value by length of time
that the individual available-for-sale securities have been in an unrealized
loss position at the dates indicated are presented in the following table:       

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of debt securities
available-for-sale by contractual maturity at the dates indicated are provided
in the following table.  The Company has allocated mortgage-backed securities
into the four maturity groupings reflected in the following table using the
expected average life of the individual securities based on statistics provided
by independent third party industry sources.  Expected maturities will differ
from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to prepay
obligations with or without prepayment penalties.       

At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, investments available-for-sale with a book value
of $464.2 million and $233.2 million, respectively, were pledged as collateral
for certain government deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted
by law. The outstanding balance of no single issuer, except for U.S. Agencies
securities, exceeded ten percent of stockholders' equity at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015.     

13   

Investments held-to-maturity         

   The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investments
held-to-maturity at the date indicated are presented in the following table:       

Gross
unrealized losses and fair value by length of time that the individual
held-to-maturity securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position
at the date indicated are presented in the following tables:       

The
amortized cost and estimated fair values of debt securities held-to-maturity by
contractual maturity at the date indicated are reflected in the following
table. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities as borrowers
may have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties.       

At December
31, 2015, investments held-to-maturity with a book value of $194.3 million were
pledged as collateral for certain government deposits and for other purposes as
required or permitted by law.  The outstanding balance of no single issuer,
except for U.S. Agency securities, exceeded ten percent of stockholders' equity
at December 31, 2015    .     

Equity
securities    

   Other equity securities at the dates indicated are
presented in the following table:       

Note 3   L          OANS    

14   

Outstanding loan balances at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 are net of unearned income including net deferred loan costs of
$1.3 million and $1.1 million, respectively.    The loan portfolio segment balances at
the dates indicated are presented in the following table:       

Note 4   CREDIT QUALITY ASSESSMENT    

    Allowance for Loan Losses    

     Summary
information on the allowance for loan loss activity for the period indicated is
provided in the following table:       

15   

The following tables provide information on the activity in
the allowance for loan losses by the respective loan portfolio segment for the
period indicated:       

16   

The following table provides summary information regarding
impaired loans at the dates indicated and for the periods then ended:       

The
following tables present the recorded investment with respect to impaired
loans, the associated allowance by the applicable portfolio segment and the
principal balance of the impaired loans prior to amounts charged-off at the
dates indicated:       

17   

18   

Credit Quality    

     The
following tables provide information on the credit quality of the loan
portfolio by segment at the dates indicated:       

19   

The following tables provide information by credit risk
rating indicators for each segment of the commercial loan portfolio at the
dates indicated:       

Homogeneous
loan pools do not have individual loans subjected to internal risk ratings
therefore, the credit indicator applied to these pools is based on their
delinquency status. The following tables provide information by credit risk
rating indicators for those remaining segments of the loan portfolio at the
dates indicated:       

20   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company restructured $0.6 million in loans.  No modifications resulted in the
reduction of the principal in the associated loan balances.  Restructured loans
are subject to periodic credit reviews to determine the necessity and adequacy
of a specific loan loss allowance based on the collectability of the recorded
investment in the restructured loan.  Loans restructured during 2016 have specific
reserves that were insignificant at September 30, 2016.  For the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company restructured $1.9 million in loans. 
Modifications consisted principally of interest rate concessions and no
modifications resulted in the reduction of the recorded investment in the
associated loan balances.  Loans restructured during 2015 had specific reserves
of $0.5 million at December 31, 2015.  Commitments to lend additional funds on
loans that have been restructured at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
amounted to $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively.     

The
following table provides the amounts of the restructured loans at the date of
restructuring for specific segments of the loan portfolio during the period
indicated:       

Other
Real Estate Owned    

   Other real estate owned totaled $1.3 million and $2.7
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.     

Note 5   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    

     The gross
carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of intangible assets and goodwill
are presented at the dates indicated in the following table:       

21   

During the third quarter of 2016, a subsidiary of the
Company acquired the operations and customer listing of an independent
insurance agency, which resulted in the addition of $0.7 in other intangible
assets and $1.6 million in goodwill.     

The following table presents the estimated future
amortization expense for amortizing intangible assets within the years ending
December 31:       

Note 6   Deposits    

     The
following table presents the composition of deposits at the dates indicated:       

Note 7   Stockholders  Equity    

   The Company re-approved a stock repurchase program in
August 2015 that permits the repurchase of up to 5% of the Company s
outstanding shares of common stock or approximately 1.2 million shares. 
Repurchases, which will be conducted through open market purchases or privately
negotiated transactions, will be made depending on market conditions and other
factors.  During the first nine months of 2016, the Company repurchased 512,459
shares at an average cost of $25.90 per share or a total of $13.3 million.       

Note 8   Share Based Compensation    

   At September 30, 2016, the Company had two share based
compensation plans in existence, the 2005 Omnibus Stock Plan ( Omnibus Stock
Plan ) and the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan ( Omnibus Incentive Plan ). The
Omnibus Stock Plan expired during the second quarter of 2015 but has
outstanding options that may still be exercised. The Omnibus Incentive Plan is
described in the following paragraph.    

The Company s Omnibus Incentive Plan was approved on May 6,
2015 and provides for the granting of incentive stock options, non-qualifying stock
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock grants, restricted stock
units and performance awards to selected employees on a periodic basis at the
discretion of the board. The Omnibus Incentive Plan authorizes the issuance of
up to 1,500,000 shares of common stock, of which 1,403,186 are available for
issuance at September 30, 2016, has a term of ten years, and is administered by
a committee of at least three directors appointed by the board of directors. 
Options granted under the plan have an exercise price which may not be less
than 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of the grant
and must be exercised within seven to ten years from the date of grant.  The
exercise price of stock options must be paid for in full in cash or shares of
common stock, or a combination of both.  The board committee has the discretion
when making a grant of stock options to impose restrictions on the shares to be
purchased upon the exercise of such options.  The Company generally issues
authorized but previously unissued shares to satisfy option exercises.   

The fair
values of all of the options granted for the periods indicated have been
estimated using a binomial option-pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions
for the periods shown are presented in the following table:       

22   

The dividend
yield is based on estimated future dividend yields.  The risk-free rate for
periods within the contractual term of the share option is based on the U.S.
Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.  Expected volatilities
are generally based on historical volatilities.  The expected term of share
options granted is generally derived from historical experience.   

Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the vesting period of the respective stock option or restricted stock
grant. The Company recognized compensation expense of $0.5 million and $0.5
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
related to the awards of stock options and restricted stock grants.  Compensation
expense of $1.4 million and $1.4 million was recognized for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The intrinsic value of stock
options exercised in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.4
million and $0.4 million, respectively.  The total of unrecognized compensation
cost related to stock options was approximately $0.2 million as of September
30, 2016.  That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of approximately 2.0 years.  The total of unrecognized compensation cost
related to restricted stock was approximately $4.4 million as of September 30,
2016.  That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
approximately 3.2 years.  The fair value of the options vested during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was not significant.    

In the first quarter of 2016, 21,238 stock options were
granted, subject to a three year vesting schedule with one third of the options
vesting on April 1 st  of each year.  The Company granted 78,081
shares of restricted stock in the first quarter of 2016, 10,010 shares are
subject to a three year vesting schedule with one third of the shares vesting
each year and 59,298 shares are subject to a five year vesting schedule with
one fifth of the shares vesting each year.  All of these restricted shares will
vest on April 1 st  of each year. An additional 8,773 shares of
performance based restricted stock grants were also approved as part of the
restricted shares granted in the first quarter.  The performance shares are
subject to cliff vesting after three years based on the relative performance of
the Company s stock price in comparison to a selected peer group.  Vesting can
vary from 0-150% of the initial grant based on the results of the Company s
stock performance.       

A summary of
share option activity for the period indicated is reflected in the following
table:       

A summary of
the activity for the Company s restricted stock for the period indicated is
presented in the following table:       

23   

Note 9   Pension, Profit Sharing, and Other Employee Benefit Plans    

    Defined Benefit Pension Plan    

   The Company has a qualified, noncontributory, defined
benefit pension plan (the  Plan ) covering substantially all employees.
Benefits after January 1, 2005, are based on the benefit earned as of December
31, 2004, plus benefits earned in future years of service based on the
employee s compensation during each such year. All benefit accruals for
employees were frozen as of December 31, 2007 based on past service and thus salary
increases and additional years of service after such date  no longer affect the
defined benefit provided by the plan although additional vesting may continue
to occur.   

The Company's funding policy is to contribute amounts to
the plan sufficient to meet the minimum funding requirements of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ), as amended. In addition, the
Company contributes additional amounts as it deems appropriate based on benefits
attributed to service prior to the date of the plan freeze. The Plan invests
primarily in a diversified portfolio of managed fixed income and equity funds.     

The
components of net periodic benefit cost for the periods indicated are presented
in the following table:       

Contributions    

   The decision as to whether or not to make a plan
contribution and the amount of any such contribution is dependent on a number
of factors. Such factors include the investment performance of the plan assets
in the current economy and, since the plan is currently frozen, the remaining
investment horizon of the plan.  After consideration of these factors, the
Company made a contribution of $5.8 million in the third quarter of 2016.     

Note 10   Net Income per Common Share    

     The
calculation of net income per common share for the periods indicated is
presented in the following table:       

24   

NOTE 11  
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)    

   Comprehensive income is defined as net income plus
transactions and other occurrences that are the result of non-owner changes in
equity.  For condensed financial statements presented for the Company,
non-owner changes in equity are comprised of unrealized gains or losses on
available-for-sale debt securities and any minimum pension liability
adjustments.  These do not have an impact on the Company s net income.    The following table presents the
activity in net accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and the components
of the activity for the periods indicated:       

The
following table provides the information on the reclassification adjustments
out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the periods indicated:       

25   

Note 12   Financial Instruments with Off-balance Sheet
Risk and Derivatives    

   The Company has entered into interest rate swaps ( swaps )
to facilitate customer transactions and meet their financing needs. These swaps
qualify as derivatives, but are not designated as hedging instruments. Interest
rate swap contracts involve the risk of dealing with counterparties and their
ability to meet contractual terms. When the fair value of a derivative
instrument contract is positive, this generally indicates that the counterparty
or customer owes the Company, and results in credit risk to the Company. When
the fair value of a derivative instrument contract is negative, the Company
owes the customer or counterparty and therefore, has no credit risk.  The
notional value of commercial loan swaps outstanding was $19.2 million with a
fair value of $1.3 million as of September 30, 2016 compared to $19.9 million
with a fair value of $1.3 million as of December 31, 2015.  The offsetting
nature of the swaps results in a neutral effect on the Company s operations.    
   Fair values of the swaps are carried as both gross assets and gross liabilities
in the condensed consolidated statements of condition.  The associated net
gains and losses on the swaps are recorded in other non-interest income.     

Note 13   Litigation    

   The Company and its subsidiaries
are subject in the ordinary course of business to various pending or
threatened legal proceedings in which claims for monetary damages are
asserted.  After consultation with legal counsel, management does not anticipate
that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out of these legal matters will
have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, operating
results or liquidity.     

Litigation expenses accrued in the
first nine months of 2015 were related to an adverse jury verdict rendered in
2014 associated with the actions of an employee from an institution that was
acquired in 2012. In the fourth quarter of 2015, as a result of a settlement of
all claims, including claims for a contribution from its insurer relating to
this litigation, the Company reversed $4.5 million in the previously accrued
litigation expenses.   

Note 14   Fair Value     

   Generally accepted accounting principles provide entities
the option to measure eligible financial assets, financial liabilities and
commitments at fair value (i.e. the fair value option), on an
instrument-by-instrument basis, that are otherwise not permitted to be
accounted for at fair value under other accounting standards.  The election to
use the fair value option is available when an entity first recognizes a
financial asset or financial liability or upon entering into a commitment. 
Subsequent changes in fair value must be recorded in earnings.  The Company
applies the fair value option on residential mortgage loans held for sale.  The
fair value option on residential mortgage loans allows the recognition of gains
on sale of mortgage loans to more accurately reflect the timing and economics
of the transaction.   

The standard for fair value measurement establishes a fair
value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to
measure fair value.  The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1
measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3
measurements).  The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described
below.   

26   

Basis of Fair Value Measurement:    

   Level 1- Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that
are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or
liabilities;   

   Level 2- Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or
inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially
the full term of the asset or liability;   

   Level 3- Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs
that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e.
supported by little or no market activity).     

A financial instrument s level within the fair value
hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair
value measurement.     

Changes to interest rates may result in changes in the cash
flows due to prepayments or extinguishments.  Accordingly, this could result in
higher or lower measurements of the fair values.   

Assets and Liabilities    

    Mortgage loans held for sale    

   Mortgage loans held for sale are valued based on quotations
from the secondary market for similar instruments and are classified as Level 2
of the fair value hierarchy.     

Investments available-for-sale    

    U.S. government agencies and mortgage-backed securities    

   Valuations are based on active market data and use of
evaluated broker pricing models that vary based by asset class and includes
available trade, bid, and other market information.  Generally, the methodology
includes broker quotes, proprietary models, descriptive terms and conditions
databases coupled with extensive quality control programs.  Multiple quality
control evaluation processes review available market, credit and deal level
information to support the evaluation of the security.  If there is a lack of
objectively verifiable information available to support the valuation, the
evaluation of the security is discontinued.  Additionally, proprietary models
and pricing systems, mathematical tools, actual transacted prices, integration
of market developments and experienced evaluators are used to determine the
value of a security based on a hierarchy of market information regarding a
security or securities with similar characteristics.  The Company does not
adjust the quoted price for such securities.  Such instruments are generally
classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.   

State and municipal securities    

   Proprietary valuation matrices are used for valuing all
tax-exempt municipals that can incorporate changes in the municipal market as
they occur.  Market evaluation models include the ability to value bank
qualified municipals and general market municipals that can be broken down
further according to insurer, credit support, state of issuance and rating to
incorporate additional spreads and municipal curves.  Taxable municipals are
valued using a third party model that incorporates a methodology that captures
the trading nuances associated with these bonds.  Such instruments are
generally classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.   

Trust preferred securities and corporate debt    

   In active markets, these types of instruments are valued
based on quoted market prices that are readily accessible at the measurement
date and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Positions
that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions
are valued or adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, and
such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence.  In the
absence of such evidence, management uses a process that employs certain
assumptions to determine the present value. Positions that are not traded in
active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions are classified within
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.     

Interest rate swap agreements    

   Interest rate swap agreements are measured by alternative
pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency in markets that
are not active.  Based on the complex nature of interest rate swap agreements,
the markets these instruments trade in are not as efficient and are less liquid
than that of the more mature Level 1 markets.  These markets do however have
comparable, observable inputs in which an alternative pricing source values
these assets in order to arrive at a fair market value.  These characteristics
classify interest rate swap agreements as Level 2.     

27   

Assets Measured at Fair
Value on a Recurring Basis    

     The
following tables set forth the Company s financial assets and liabilities at
the dates indicated that were accounted for or disclosed at fair value.  Assets
and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of
input that is significant to the fair value measurement:       

28   

The following table provides unrealized losses included in
assets measured in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Condition at fair
value on a recurring basis for the period indicated:       

29   

The transfer
was the result of the reclassification of the entire the held-to-maturity
securities portfolio to the available-for-sale portfolio in the first quarter
of 2016.  The transfer into Level 3 was recognized as of the date of the
reclassification of the securities portfolio.  In August 2016, the Company
purchased  corporate debt  that was determined to be a Level 3 asset as the
inputs used to measure its fair value were significant and unobservable due to
limited market activity.           

Assets
Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis    

     The
following table sets forth the Company s financial assets subject to fair value
adjustments (impairment) on a nonrecurring basis at the date indicated that are
valued at the lower of cost or market.  Assets are classified in their entirety
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
measurement:       

At September
30, 2016, impaired loans totaling $24.3 million were written down to fair value
of $20.6 million as a result of specific loan loss allowances of $3.7 million
associated with the impaired loans which was included in the allowance for loan
losses.  Impaired loans totaling $28.9 million were written down to fair value
of $25.5 million at December 31, 2015 as a result of specific loan loss
allowances of $3.4 million associated with the impaired loans.   

Loan impairment is measured using the present value of
expected cash flows, the loan s observable market price or the fair value of
the collateral (less selling costs) if the loans are collateral dependent. 
Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets including equipment,
inventory and/or accounts receivable.  The value of business equipment,
inventory and accounts receivable collateral is based on net book value on the
business  financial statements and, if necessary, discounted based on management s
review and analysis. Appraised and reported values may be discounted based on
management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time
of valuation, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the client and
client s business.  Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a
quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on
the factors identified above. Valuation techniques are consistent with those
techniques applied in prior periods.     

30   

Other real estate owned ( OREO ) is adjusted to fair value
upon transfer of the loans to OREO.  Subsequently, OREO is carried at the lower
of carrying value or fair value.  The estimated fair value for other real
estate owned included in Level 3 is determined by independent market based
appraisals and other available market information, less cost to sell, that may
be reduced further based on market expectations or an executed sales
agreement.  If the fair value of the collateral deteriorates subsequent to initial
recognition, the Company records the OREO as a non-recurring Level 3
adjustment.  Valuation techniques are consistent with those techniques applied
in prior periods.     

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments    

   The Company discloses fair value information about
financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate the value,
whether or not such financial instruments are recognized on the balance sheet. 
Fair value is the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in
a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced sale or
liquidation, and is best evidenced by a quoted market price, if one exists.   

Quoted market prices, where available, are shown as
estimates of fair market values. Because no quoted market prices are available
for a significant portion of the Company's financial instruments, the fair
value of such instruments has been derived based on the amount and timing of
future cash flows and estimated discount rates.   

Present value techniques used in estimating the fair value
of many of the Company's financial instruments are significantly affected by
the assumptions used. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot
be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could
not be realized in immediate cash settlement of the instrument. Additionally,
the accompanying estimates of fair values are only representative of the fair
values of the individual financial assets and liabilities, and should not be
considered an indication of the fair value of the Company.     

31   

The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company s
financial instruments at the dates indicated are presented in the following
table:       

The
following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each
category of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that
value:   

Cash and Temporary Investments:       The carrying amounts of cash and cash
equivalents approximate their fair value and have been excluded from the table
above.   

Investments:         The fair value of marketable securities is based on quoted
market prices, prices quoted for similar instruments, and prices obtained from
independent pricing services.    

Loans:        For certain categories of loans, such as mortgage,
installment and commercial loans, the fair value is estimated by discounting
the expected future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans
would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and similar remaining
maturities.  Expected cash flows were projected based on contractual cash
flows, adjusted for estimated prepayments.   

Accrued interest receivable:       T  he carrying value of accrued
interest receivable approximates fair value due to the short-term duration and
has been excluded from the table above.   

Other assets:         The investment in bank-owned life insurance represents the
cash surrender value of the policies at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
as determined by each insurance carrier.     

32   

Deposits:       The fair
value of demand, money market savings and regular savings deposits, which have
no stated maturity, were considered equal to their carrying amount,
representing the amount payable on demand. While management believes that the
Bank s core deposit relationships provide a relatively stable, low-cost funding
source that has a substantial intangible value separate from the value of the
deposit balances, these estimated fair values do not include the intangible
value of core deposit relationships, which comprise a significant portion of
the Bank s deposit base.   

Short-term borrowings:      
  The carrying values of short-term borrowings,
including overnight, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal
funds purchased approximates the fair values due to the short maturities of
those instruments.    

Long-term borrowings:     
The fair value of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ) advances and
subordinated debentures was estimated by computing the discounted value of
contractual cash flows payable at current interest rates for obligations with
similar remaining terms.    The Company's credit risk
is not material to calculation of fair value because the FHLB borrowings are
collateralized. The Company classifies advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank
of Atlanta within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy since the fair value of
such borrowings is based on rates currently available for borrowings with
similar terms and remaining maturities. Subordinated debentures are classified
as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to the lack of market activity of
such instruments.   

Accrued interest payable:      T  he carrying value of accrued
interest payable approximates fair value due to the short-term duration and has
been excluded from the previous table.     

N    ote 15 - Segment Reporting    

   Currently, the Company conducts business in three operating
segments Community Banking, Insurance and Investment Management.  Each of the
operating segments is a strategic business unit that offers different products
and services.  The Insurance and Investment Management segments were businesses
that were acquired in separate transactions where management of the acquired
business was retained.  The accounting policies of the segments are the same as
those of the Company.  However, the segment data reflect inter-segment
transactions and balances.   

The Community Banking
segment is conducted through Sandy Spring Bank and involves delivering a broad
range of financial products and services, including various loan and deposit
products to both individuals and businesses.  Parent company income is included
in the Community Banking segment, as the majority of effort of these functions
is related to this segment.  Major revenue sources include net interest income,
gains on sales of mortgage loans, trust income fees and service charges on
deposit accounts.  Expenses include personnel, occupancy, marketing, equipment
and other expenses.  Non-cash charges associated with amortization of     intangibles related to the acquired
entities was not significant for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively.    

The Insurance segment is conducted
through Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation, a subsidiary of the Bank, and
offers annuities as an alternative to traditional deposit accounts.  Sandy
Spring Insurance Corporation operates Sandy Spring Insurance, a general
insurance agency located in Annapolis, Maryland, and Neff and Associates,
located in Ocean City, Maryland.  Major sources of revenue are insurance
commissions from commercial lines, personal lines, and medical liability
lines.  Expenses include personnel and support charges.  Non-cash charges
associated with amortization of intangibles related to the acquired entities
were not significant for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.     

The Investment Management segment is
conducted through West Financial Services, Inc., a subsidiary of the Bank. 
This asset management and financial planning firm, located in McLean, Virginia,
provides comprehensive investment management and financial planning to
individuals, families, small businesses and associations including cash flow
analysis, investment review, tax planning, retirement planning, insurance
analysis and estate planning.  West Financial currently has approximately $1.1
billion in assets under management.  Major revenue sources include non-interest
income earned on the above services.  Expenses include personnel and support
charges.  Non-cash charges associated with amortization of intangibles related
to the acquired entities were not significant for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     

33   

Information for the operating segments
and reconciliation of the information to the condensed consolidated financial
statements for the periods indicated is presented in the following tables:       

34   

35   

Item
2.      Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The Company   

  Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) is the
bank holding company for Sandy Spring Bank (the  Bank ). The Company
is registered as a bank holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the  Holding Company Act ). As such, the
Company is subject to supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve ). The Company began
operating in 1988. The Bank traces its origin to 1868, making it among the
oldest institutions in the region. The Bank is independent, community oriented,
and conducts a full-service commercial banking business through 44 community
offices located in Central Maryland, Northern Virginia and Washington D.C. The
Bank is a state chartered bank subject to supervision and regulation by the
Federal Reserve and the State of Maryland. The Bank's deposit accounts are
insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund administered by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC ) to the maximum permitted by law.
The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System and is an Equal Housing
Lender. The Company, the Bank, and its other subsidiaries are Affirmative
Action/Equal Opportunity Employers.  

With
$4.8 billion in assets, the Company is a community banking organization that
focuses its lending and other services on businesses and consumers in the local
market area. Through its subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation and
West Financial Services, Inc., Sandy Spring Bank  offers a comprehensive menu
of insurance and investment management services.  

Overview   

  Net
income for the Company for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $13.5 million ($0.56
per diluted share) as compared to net income of $11.0 million ($0.45 per
diluted share) for the third quarter of 2015. For the first nine months of
2016, net income totaled $34.9 million ($1.45 per diluted share), compared to
net income of $32.6 million ($1.31 per diluted share) for the first nine months
of 2015. These results reflect the following events:  

The net
interest margin was 3.50% for the third quarter of 2016, compared to 3.43% for
the third quarter of 2015 and 3.51% for the second quarter of 2016.  

The Non-GAAP
efficiency ratio was 56.33% for the current quarter as compared to 59.73% for
the third quarter of 2015.  

Average total
loans for the third quarter of 2016 increased 12% compared to the third quarter
of 2015 due primarily to organic growth in the commercial and residential
mortgage portfolio segments. Overall, the entire portfolio grew $387 million
over the prior year period.  

Total
deposits grew 8% to $3.5 billion at September 30, 2016 as compared to $3.3
billion at September 30, 2015.  

The
Mid-Atlantic region in which the Company operates showed moderate economic
performance as many economic metrics reflected continued improvement throughout
the year.   International economic concerns have added to global uncertainty
and affected both the regional and national economic outlook. Positive trends
in housing, unemployment and particularly consumer spending in the United
States have potentially offset such concerns. These international economic
factors, combined with low oil prices and a lack of consistent high-paying jobs
growth, have caused some uncertainty on the part of both large and small
businesses, limiting business development and capital expenditures, effectively
suppressing economic expansion. These concerns have caused enough economic
uncertainty and market volatility to limit confidence and thus constrain the
pace of domestic economic expansion and lending. The Company has emphasized the
fundamentals of community banking in this challenging business environment and
has maintained its overall credit quality and strong levels of liquidity and capital.

Liquidity
remained strong due to the borrowing lines with the Federal Home Loan Bank of
Atlanta and the Federal Reserve and the size and composition of the investment
portfolio.  

The
Company s non-performing assets decreased to $33.3 million at September 30,
2016 from $39.5 million at September 30, 2015. This decrease was due primarily
to loan pay-offs. Non-performing assets represented 0.69% of total assets at
September 30, 2016 compared to 0.86% at September 30, 2015.  The ratio of net
charge-offs to average loans and leases was 0.02% for the third quarter of
2016, compared to 0.09% for the prior year quarter.  

36   

Non-interest
income increased 2% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter
of 2015. This increase was driven by an increase in income from mortgage
banking activities due to a higher level of loan sales during the quarter and
improved margins. This increase more than offset a decrease in wealth
management income due primarily to a reduced level of assets under management
as a result of the sale of a portion of the assets under management in the
first quarter of 2016.   

Non-interest expenses decreased 1% in the third quarter
of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 due to lower other non-interest
expenses.  

Total
assets at September 30, 2016 increased 3% compared to December 31, 2015. Loan
balances increased 8% compared to the prior year end due to growth in
commercial loans and residential mortgage loans while consumer loans remained
even with the prior year end. Customer funding sources, which include deposits
plus other short-term borrowings from core customers, increased 9% compared to
balances at December 31, 2015. The increase in customer funding sources was
driven primarily by increases of 10% in noninterest-bearing and
interest-bearing transaction accounts and 6% in regular savings accounts.
Retail repurchase agreements increased 14% as the Company increased its
emphasis on the sale of such cash management services. Certificates of deposit increased
13% compared to the balances at December 31, 2015 as the Company increased
rates to fund loan growth.  The Company proactively managed its net interest
margin by the prepayment of FHLB advances during the first six months of 2016,
coupled with the sale of relatively low yielding investment securities in the
first quarter and the extinguishment of subordinated debentures in the second
quarter.  During the first nine months of 2016, stockholders  equity increased
$12 million to $537 million due to the increase in accumulated other
comprehensive income during the period.  

37   

38   

Results of Operations     

    For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    

Net income for the Company for the first nine months of
2016 totaled $34.9 million ($1.45 per diluted share) compared to net income of
$32.6 million ($1.31 per diluted share) for the first nine months of 2015.   

Net Interest Income    

   The largest source of the Company s operating revenue is
net interest income, which is the difference between the interest earned on
interest-earning assets and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities.
For purposes of this discussion and analysis, the interest earned on tax-exempt
investment securities has been adjusted to an amount comparable to interest
subject to normal income taxes. The result is referred to as tax-equivalent
interest income and tax-equivalent net interest income. The following
discussion of net interest income should be considered in conjunction with the
review of the information provided in the preceding table.   

Net interest income for the first nine months of 2016 was $110.6
million compared to $102.4 million for the first nine months of 2015. On a
tax-equivalent basis, net interest income for the first nine months of 2016 was
$115.6 million compared to $107.2 million for the first nine months of 2015, an
increase of 8%. The preceding table provides an analysis of net interest income
performance that reflects a net interest margin that has increased to 3.49% for
the first nine months of 2016 compared to 3.43% for the first nine months of
2015.  Average interest-earning assets increased by 6% while average
interest-bearing liabilities increased 7% in the first nine months of 2016
compared to the first nine months of 2015.  Average noninterest-bearing
deposits increased 5% in the first nine months of 2016 as the percentage of
average noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits declined slightly to 32%
in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 33% in the first nine months of
2015. The higher net interest margin was driven by an increase in the yield on
interest-earning assets as a result of loan growth and the migration of assets
from lower-yielding investment securities into higher-yielding loans.   

Effect of Volume and Rate Changes on Net
Interest Income    

   The following table analyzes the reasons for the changes
from year-to-year in the principal elements that comprise net interest income:   

39   

40   

Interest Income    

   The Company's total tax-equivalent interest income increased
8% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year period. The
previous table shows that, in 2016, the increase in average loans and leases
more than offset the decline in earning asset yields with respect to the loan
portfolio.    

The average balance of the loan portfolio increased 12% for
the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. This
growth occurred in the residential mortgage portfolio and all segments of the
commercial loan portfolio. These increases were driven by organic loan growth
as the regional economy improved. The yield on average loans and leases
decreased by 1 basis point as fewer higher rate loans were paid off and new
loans were originated at comparatively lower rates compared to prior periods.
The decline in the portfolio yield was driven primarily by a decrease of 9
basis points in the yield on the commercial loan portfolio.   

The average yield on total investment securities increased 9
basis points while the average balance of the portfolio decreased 16% for the
first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. The
increase in the yield on investments was due primarily to a decline in the
relative size of the lower-yielding mortgage-backed securities portfolio due in
large part to the sale of $40 million of such securities to fund the prepayment
of Federal Home Loan Bank advances in the first half of 2016. An effect of this
sale was an increase in the relative size of the higher yielding state and
municipal portfolio as the size of the overall portfolio declined.   

Interest Expense    

   Interest expense increased 6% in the first nine months of
2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. The cost of interest-bearing
deposits increased as the Company increased rates to maintain deposit
relationships and to provide funding for loan growth. Both the average balance
and average rate paid on Federal Home Loan Bank advances decreased due to the
prepayments mentioned previously and a reduced need for borrowings due to the
growth in deposits. Average deposits increased 9% in the first nine months of
2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. This increase was primarily due
to increases of $104 million or 7% in average noninterest-bearing and
interest-bearing checking accounts together with increases of $78 million or
17% in certificates of deposit and $65 million or 8% in money market accounts
as the Company increased rates on these products.   

Non-interest Income      

   Non-interest income amounts and trends are presented in the
following table for the periods indicated:   

41   

Total
non-interest income was $38.7 million for the first nine months of 2016
compared to $37.7 million for the first nine months of 2015. The first nine
months of 2016 includes $1.9 million in gains on sales and calls of investment
securities and a gain of $1.2 million on the extinguishment of $5 million in
subordinated debentures. Excluding these gains, non-interest income decreased 5%
due to a decrease in income from wealth management resulting from the sale of a
portion of the assets under management in the first quarter of 2016. Further
detail by type of non-interest income follows:  

Investment
securities gains increased for the first nine months compared to the prior year
period due to the sale of mortgage-backed ARM securities and the call of a U.
S. Agency security during the first quarter. The proceeds of these transactions
were applied to prepay FHLB advances in the first quarter of 2016.  

Income from
mortgage banking activities increased in the first nine months of 2016 compared
to the first nine months of 2015 due primarily to higher margins on loan sales
compared to the prior year period.  

Wealth management income is comprised of income from trust and estate
services and investment management fees earned by West Financial Services, the
Company s investment management subsidiary. Trust services fees remained level
for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year period. 
Investment management fees in West Financial Services increased 5% for the
first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015, due to an
increase in assets under management.  Fees on sales of investment products
declined for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year period as
the Company sold a portion of its portfolio of assets under management in the
first quarter of 2016. Overall total assets under management decreased to $2.4
billion at September 30, 2016 compared to $2.8 billion at September 30, 2015 primarily
as a result of the previously mentioned sale.  

Income from bank owned life insurance decreased due to policy proceeds
recognized during the first quarter of 2015.   

Other non-interest income increased due mainly to a $1.2 million gain on
the extinguishment of subordinated debentures in the second quarter of 2016.
Excluding this gain, other non-interest income decreased for the period due to
declines in loan prepayment fees and gains on sales of SBA loans.  

Non-interest Expense    

   Non-interest expense amounts and trends are presented in the
following table for the periods indicated:   

Non-interest
expenses totaled $92.5 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to
$88.4 million in the first nine months of 2015, an increase of 5%. This
increase in expenses was driven primarily by $3.2 million in penalties due to
the prepayment of FHLB advances during the first and second quarters. Excluding
such penalties, non-interest expenses increased 1% due to higher salaries and
benefits.  Further detail by category of non-interest expense follows:  

Salaries and
employee benefits, the largest component of non-interest expenses, increased in
the first nine months of 2016 due primarily to higher compensation expenses as
a result of merit increases, a larger staff and increased benefit expenses. 
The average number of full-time equivalent employees was 727 in the first nine
months of 2016 compared to 719 in the first nine months of 2015.   

Equipment
expenses increased in 2016 compared to 2015 due to higher software amortization
expense related to new systems.  

Outside data
services expenses increased in 2016 compared to the prior year period due
primarily to implementation of new systems and the issuance of new chip enabled
debit cards.  

42   

Intangibles amortization decreased in 2016 due to the costs of prior
year acquisitions being fully amortized during the period.  

Litigation expense decreased compared to the prior year due to the
settlement of litigation in the fourth quarter of 2015.  

Other
non-interest expenses increased in the first nine months of 2016 compared to
the prior year period due to penalties related to the prepayment of FHLB
advances mentioned previously. Excluding this expense, other non-interest
expenses remained level for the first nine months compared to the prior year
period.  

Operating Expense Performance   

  Management
views the GAAP efficiency ratio as an important financial measure of expense performance
and cost management.  The ratio expresses the level of non-interest expenses as
a percentage of total revenue (net interest income plus total non-interest
income).  Lower ratios indicate improved productivity.  

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures   

  The
Company also uses a traditional efficiency ratio that is a non-GAAP financial
measure of operating expense control and efficiency of operations.  Management
believes that its traditional ratio better focuses attention on the operating
performance of the Company over time than does a GAAP ratio, and is highly
useful in comparing period-to-period operating performance of the Company s
core business operations.  It is used by management as part of its assessment
of its performance in managing non-interest expenses.  However, this measure is
supplemental, and is not a substitute for an analysis of performance based on
GAAP measures.  The reader is cautioned that the non-GAAP efficiency ratio used
by the Company may not be comparable to GAAP or non-GAAP efficiency ratios
reported by other financial institutions.  

In
general, the efficiency ratio is non-interest expenses as a percentage of net
interest income plus non-interest income.  Non-interest expenses used in the
calculation of the non-GAAP efficiency ratio exclude goodwill impairment
losses, the amortization of intangibles, and non-recurring expenses.  Income
for the non-GAAP ratio includes the favorable effect of tax-exempt income, and
excludes securities gains and losses, which vary widely from period to period
without appreciably affecting operating expenses, and non-recurring gains.  The
measure is different from the GAAP efficiency ratio, which also is presented in
this report.  The GAAP measure is calculated using non-interest expense and
income amounts as shown on the face of the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income.  The GAAP and non-GAAP efficiency ratios are reconciled and provided in
the following table. The GAAP efficiency ratio improved in the first nine
months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 due primarily to the
increase in net interest income discussed previously and expense control
discipline.   

In
addition, the Company uses pre-tax, pre-provision income as a measure of the
level of recurring income before taxes. Management believes this provides
financial statement users with a useful metric of the run-rate of revenues and
expenses which is readily comparable to other financial institutions. This
measure is calculated by adding (subtracting) the provision (credit) for loan
and lease losses, and the provision for income taxes back to net income. This
metric increased in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine
months of 2015 due primarily to the increase in net interest income.  

43   

GAAP and Non-GAAP Efficiency Ratios    

Income Taxes     

   The Company had income tax expense of $16.9 million in the
first nine months of 2016, compared to income tax expense of $15.7 million in
the first nine months of 2015. The resulting effective tax rates were 33% for
the first nine months of 2016 and 32% for the first nine months of 2015.       This
increase was due to the decline in tax advantaged interest income in proportion
to total interest income.   

44   

Results of Operations     

    For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to
the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    

Net income for the Company for the third quarter of 2016 totaled
$13.5 million ($0.56 per diluted share) compared to net income of $11.0 million
($0.45 per diluted share) for the third quarter of 2015.   

Net Interest Income    

   Net interest income for the third quarter of 2016 was $37.7
million compared to $35.1 million for the third quarter of 2015. On a
tax-equivalent basis, net interest income for the third quarter of 2016 was
$39.4 million compared to $36.8 million for the third quarter of 2015, an
increase of 7%. The following table provides an analysis of net interest income
performance that reflects a net interest margin that has increased to 3.50% for
the third quarter of 2016 compared to 3.43% for the third quarter of 2015. 
Average interest-earning assets increased by 5% while average interest-bearing
liabilities increased 5% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third
quarter of 2015.  Average noninterest-bearing deposits increased 6% in the
third quarter of 2016 while the percentage of average noninterest-bearing
deposits to total deposits decreased to 32% in the current quarter compared to
33% in the third quarter of 2015. During the quarter the net interest margin
was driven by an increase in the yield on interest-earning assets and reduced
cost of borrowing due to the prepayment of FHLB advances earlier in the year.
These trends were somewhat offset by an increase in the cost of deposits as the
Company increased rates on certificates of deposit to maintain deposit
relationships and fund loan growth.   

45   

46   

Interest Income    

   The Company's total tax-equivalent interest income increased
6% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the prior year quarter. The previous
table shows that this increase was driven by the redeployment of earning assets
from the investment portfolio into higher yielding loans.    

The average balance of the loan portfolio increased 12% for
the third quarter of 2016 compared to the prior year period. This growth was
primarily in the commercial investor real estate, commercial owner occupied
real estate, commercial ADC and residential mortgage portfolios. These increases
were driven by organic loan growth due to the strength of the regional economy.
The yield on average loans and leases remained level with the prior year
quarter due to a 9 basis point decline in the yield on commercial loans that
was offset by increases in the yield on mortgage and consumer portfolios.   

The average yield on total investment securities increased 2
basis points while the average balance of the portfolio decreased 18% for the
third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. The increase in
the yield on investments was due primarily to a decline in the relative size of
the lower-yielding mortgage-backed securities portfolio due in large part to
the sale of $40 million of such securities in the first quarter of 2016 to fund
the previously mentioned prepayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances. In
addition, the relative size of the higher yielding state and municipal
portfolio increased as a proportion of the overall portfolio.   

Interest Expense    

   Interest expense decreased 1% in the third quarter of 2016
compared to the third quarter of 2015. The cost of interest-bearing deposits increased
as the Company increased rates to maintain deposit relationships and fund loan
growth. This increase was more than offset as average balances of Federal Home
Loan Bank advances decreased and the average rate paid on such advances also
decreased 21 basis points due to the prepayment of such advances during the
first and second quarters. Average deposits increased 8% in the third quarter
of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. This increase was primarily due
to increases of $114 million or 7% in average noninterest-bearing and
interest-bearing checking accounts together with increases of $68 million or
13% in certificates of deposit and $56 million or 6% in money market accounts
as the Company increased rates on these products.     

Non-interest Income    

   Non-interest income amounts and trends are presented in the
following table for the periods indicated:   

47   

Total
non-interest income was $12.6 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to
$12.4 million for the third quarter of 2015, an increase of 2%.  This increase
was due primarily to higher mortgage banking income from increased loan sales
volume that more than offset a decline in income from wealth management due to
the sale of a portion of the assets under management in the first quarter.
Further detail by type of non-interest income follows:  

Service
charges on deposit accounts increased in the current quarter compared to the
prior year quarter due to higher return check charges and commercial analysis
fees.  

Income from
mortgage banking activities increased in the third quarter of 2016 compared to
the third quarter of 2015 due to a higher volume of loan sales and increased
margins on such sales during the quarter.  

With respect to wealth management income, trust services fees were level
for the third quarter compared to the prior year quarter.  Investment
management fees in West Financial Services increased 9% for the third quarter of
2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, due to an increase in assets under
management. Fees on sales of investment products declined for the third quarter
compared to the prior year quarter as the Company sold a portion of its
portfolio of assets under management in the first quarter of 2016. Overall
total assets under management decreased to $2.4 billion at September 30, 2016
compared to $2.8 billion at September 30, 2015 primarily as a result of the
previously mentioned sale.  

Insurance agency commissions increased in the current quarter due to
growth in income from commercial and personal insurance lines and bond fees
which offset a decline in income from physicians  liability policies.  

Other non-interest income remained stable during the third quarter of
2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 as higher letter of credit fees were
offset by decreases in gains on sales of SBA loans and loan prepayment fees.  

Non-interest Expense    

   Non-interest expense amounts and trends are presented in the
following table for the periods indicated:   

Non-interest
expenses totaled $29.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $29.6
million in the third quarter of 2015, due to a decrease in other non-interest
expenses as a result of reduced losses on sales of OREO included in other
expense in the above table. Further detail by category of non-interest expense
follows:  

Salaries and
employee benefits, the largest component of non-interest expenses, increased in
the third quarter of 2016 due primarily to an increase in compensation expenses
as a result of staff additions and merit increases.  The average number of full-time
equivalent employees was 729 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 720 in
the third quarter of 2015.   

Equipment
expenses increased in 2016 compared to 2015 due to higher software amortization
expense.  

FDIC
insurance expense increased due to growth in the commercial loan portfolio.  

Litigation expense decreased compared to the prior year quarter due to
the settlement of litigation in the fourth quarter of 2015.  

Professional fees decreased in the third quarter of 2016 due to decreases
in legal and consulting fees.   

Other
non-interest expenses decreased in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
prior year quarter due to lower EFT losses and losses on sales of OREO.   

48   

Income Taxes     

   The Company had income tax expense of $6.7 million in the
third quarter of 2016, compared to income tax expense of $5.2 million in the
third quarter of 2015. The resulting effective tax rates were 33% for the third
quarter of 2016 and 32% for the third quarter of 2015.       This increase in
the effective tax rate was due to the decline in tax advantaged interest income
in proportion to total interest income.   

FINANCIAL CONDITION    

   The Company's total assets were $4.8 billion at September
30, 2016, an increase of $155 million or 3% compared to December 31, 2015. Total
loans increased 8% compared to the previous year end. This increase was
partially offset by a 18% decrease in the investment portfolio.   

49   

Analysis of
Loans and Leases    

   A comparison of the loan portfolio at the dates indicated
is presented in the following table:   

Total loans, excluding loans held for sale, increased 8% at
September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. The commercial loan portfolio
increased 10% at September 30, 2016 driven by increases of 18% in both investor
real estate loans and ADC loans and 9% in owner occupied real estate loans.
These increases were somewhat offset by a 5% decrease in commercial business
loans.   

The residential real estate portfolio, which is comprised
of residential construction and permanent residential mortgage loans, increased
8% at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. Permanent residential
mortgages, most of which are 1-4 family, reflected an increase of 7% while
residential construction loans increased 12% during the third quarter.    

The consumer loan portfolio remained level at September 30,
2016 compared to December 31, 2015.   

Analysis of Investment Securities    

   The composition of investment securities at the periods
indicated is presented in the following table:   

The investment portfolio decreased 18% at September 30,
2016 compared to December 31, 2015, as a result of calls of agency securities
and amortization of mortgage-backed securities throughout the period in
addition to the sale of $40 million in mortgage-backed securities in the first
quarter. These proceeds were used in combination to prepay FHLB borrowings.    

50   

Available-for-sale securities increased 11% at September
30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 due to the Company s designation of the
held-to-maturity investment portfolio as available-for-sale during the first
quarter. This transfer was made to provide for additional liquidity for the
Company to fund loan growth.     

The investment portfolio consists primarily of U.S. Agency
securities, U.S. Agency mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Agency collateralized
mortgage obligations and state and municipal securities. The duration of the
portfolio was 2.9 years at September 30, 2016 and 3.3 years at December 31, 2015.
The Company considers the duration of the portfolio to be adequate for
liquidity purposes. This investment strategy has resulted in a portfolio with
low credit risk that would provide the required liquidity needed to meet
increased loan demand. The portfolio is monitored on a continuing basis with
consideration given to interest rate trends and the structure of the yield
curve and with constant assessment of economic projections and analysis.    

Other Earning Assets    

   Residential mortgage loans held for
sale increased to $16 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $15 million at December
31, 2015.  The aggregate of federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits
with banks increased $24 million to $50 million at September 30, 2016 compared
to December 31, 2015 due to the timing of cash flows.   

Deposits    

   The composition of deposits at the periods indicated is
presented in the following table:   

Deposits and Borrowings    

   Total deposits increased $273 million or 8% at September
30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. This increase was due primarily to
increases of 15% in noninterest-bearing checking accounts and 13% in
certificates of deposit compared to the prior year end. In addition, regular
savings accounts increased 6% compared to December 31, 2015. The increase in
these products occurred as the Company raised rates to maintain client
relationships and to fund loan growth in addition to clients  emphasis on
safety and liquidity in the face of volatile equity markets. Total borrowings
decreased 15% at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 due to a
combination of deposit growth, the prepayment of $75 million in FHLB advances
and the extinguishment of $5 million in subordinated debentures during the
first nine months of 2016.    

Capital Management    

   Management monitors historical and projected earnings,
dividends and asset growth, as well as risks associated with the various types
of on and off-balance sheet assets and liabilities, in order to determine appropriate
capital levels. Total stockholders' equity was $537 million at September 30,
2016 compared to $524 million at December 31, 2015 as net income during the
period exceeded the payment of dividends and stock repurchases.  The ratio of
average equity to average assets was 11.18% for the first nine months of 2016,
as compared to 11.66% for the first nine months of 2015.   

Bank holding companies and banks are required to maintain
capital ratios in accordance with guidelines adopted by the federal bank
regulators. These guidelines are commonly known as Risk-Based Capital
guidelines. The actual regulatory ratios and required ratios for capital
adequacy, in addition to the ratios required to be categorized as  well
capitalized , are summarized for the Company in the following table.   

Risk-Based Capital Ratios    

51   

At September 30, 2016, Tier 1 capital of $478 million and
total qualifying capital of $522 million each included $30.0 million in trust
preferred securities that are considered regulatory capital for purposes of
determining the Company s Tier 1 capital ratio.  As of September 30, 2016, the
most recent notification from the Bank s primary regulator categorized the Bank
as a  well-capitalized  institution under the prompt corrective
action rules of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Designation as a
well-capitalized institution under these regulations is not a recommendation or
endorsement of the Company or the Bank by federal bank regulators.    

In July 2013, the Federal Reserve Board approved revisions
to its capital adequacy guidelines and prompt corrective action rules that
implement the revised standards of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision,
commonly called Basel III, and address relevant provisions of the Dodd-Frank
Act. The rules include new risk-based capital and leverage ratios, which were
effective January 1, 2015, and revise the definition of what constitutes
 capital  for calculating those ratios. The minimum capital level requirements
applicable to the Company and the Bank are: (1) a common equity Tier 1 capital
ratio of 4.5%; (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6% (increased from 4%); (3) a
total capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from prior rules); and (4) a Tier 1
leverage ratio of 4%.  The rules eliminate the inclusion of certain
instruments, such as trust preferred securities, from Tier 1 capital.
Instruments issued prior to May 19, 2010 have been grandfathered for companies
with consolidated assets of $15 billion or less. The rules also establish a
 capital conservation buffer  of 2.5% above the new regulatory minimum capital
requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity Tier 1 capital. The
new capital conservation buffer requirement began to phase in beginning in
January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and will increase by that amount
each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution would be
subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and
paying discretionary bonuses to executive officers if its capital level falls
below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of
eligible retained income that could be utilized for such actions.   

Tangible Common Equity    

   Tangible equity, tangible assets and tangible book value
per share are non-GAAP financial measures calculated using GAAP amounts.
Tangible common equity and tangible assets exclude the balances of goodwill and
other intangible assets from stockholder s equity and total assets,
respectively. Management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure provides
information to investors that may be useful in understanding our financial
condition.  Because not all companies use the same calculation of tangible
equity and tangible assets, this presentation may not be comparable to other
similarly titled measures calculated by other companies.  A reconciliation of
the non-GAAP ratio of tangible equity to tangible assets and tangible book
value per share are provided in the following table.   

52   

Tangible Common Equity Ratio   Non-GAAP    

Credit
Risk    

The
fundamental lending business of the Company is based on understanding,
measuring and controlling the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio.  The
Company s loan portfolio is subject to varying degrees of credit risk.  Credit
risk entails both general risks, which are inherent in the process of lending,
and risk specific to individual borrowers.  The Company s credit risk is
mitigated through portfolio diversification, which limits exposure to any
single customer, industry or collateral type.  Typically, each consumer and
residential lending product has a generally predictable level of credit losses
based on historical loss experience.  Home mortgage and home equity loans and
lines generally have the lowest credit loss experience.  Loans secured by
personal property, such as auto loans, generally experience medium credit
losses.  Unsecured loan products, such as personal revolving credit, have the
highest credit loss experience and for that reason, the Company has chosen not
to engage in a significant amount of this type of lending.  Credit risk in
commercial lending can vary significantly, as losses as a percentage of
outstanding loans can shift widely during economic cycles and are particularly
sensitive to changing economic conditions.  Generally, improving economic
conditions result in improved operating results on the part of commercial
customers, enhancing their ability to meet their particular debt service
requirements.  Improvements, if any, in operating cash flows can be offset by
the impact of rising interest rates that may occur during improved economic
times.  Inconsistent economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the
operating results of commercial customers, reducing their ability to meet debt
service obligations.    

Total
non-performing loans decreased 7% to $32.0 million at September 30, 2016
compared to the balance at December 31, 2015. While the diversification of the lending
portfolio among different commercial, residential and consumer product lines
along with different market conditions of the D.C. suburbs, Northern Virginia
and Baltimore metropolitan area has mitigated some of the risks in the
portfolio, local economic conditions and levels of non-performing loans may
continue to be influenced by the volatility being experienced in various
business sectors of the economy on both a regional and national level.   

To
control and manage credit risk, management has a credit process in place to
reasonably ensure that credit standards are maintained along with an in-house
loan administration accompanied by oversight and review procedures.  The
primary purpose of loan underwriting is the evaluation of specific lending
risks and involves the analysis of the borrower s ability to service the debt
as well as the assessment of the value of the underlying collateral.  Oversight
and review procedures include the monitoring of portfolio credit quality, early
identification of potential problem credits and the aggressive management of
problem credits.  As part of the oversight and review process, the Company
maintains an allowance for loan losses (the  allowance ).  

53   

The allowance represents an
estimation of the losses that are inherent in the loan portfolio.  The adequacy
of the allowance is determined through the ongoing evaluation of the credit
portfolio, and involves consideration of a number of factors, as outlined
below, to establish an adequate allowance for loan losses.  Determination of
the allowance is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates,
including estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical
loss experience and consideration of current economic trends, which may be
susceptible to significant change.  Loans and deemed uncollectible are charged
against the allowance, while recoveries are credited to the allowance. 
Management adjusts the level of the allowance through the provision for loan
losses, which is recorded as a current period operating expense.  

The
methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance includes:  (1) a
general allowance that reflects historical losses, as adjusted, by credit
category, and (2) a specific allowance for impaired credits on an individual or
portfolio basis.  This methodology is further described in  Note 1  
Significant Accounting Policies  of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. The amount of the allowance is reviewed monthly and approved
quarterly by the Risk Committee of the board of directors.  

The
Company recognizes a collateral dependent lending relationship as
non-performing when either the loan becomes 90 days delinquent or as a result
of factors (such as bankruptcy, interruption of cash flows, etc.) considered at
the monthly credit committee meeting. When a commercial loan is placed on
non-accrual status, it is considered to be impaired and all accrued but unpaid
interest is reversed.  Classification as an impaired loan is based on a
determination that the Company may not collect all principal and interest
payments according to contractual terms. Impaired loans exclude large groups of
smaller-balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for
impairment such as residential real estate and consumer loans.  Typically, all
payments received on non-accrual loans are applied to the remaining principal
balance of the loans.  Integral to the assessment of the allowance process is
an evaluation that is performed to determine whether a specific allowance on an
impaired loan is warranted and, when losses are confirmed, a charge-off is
taken to reduce the loan to its net realizable value. Any further collateral
deterioration results in either further specific allowances being established
or additional charge-offs.  At such time an action plan is agreed upon for the
particular loan and an appraisal will be ordered depending on the time elapsed
since the prior appraisal, the loan balance and/or the result of the internal
evaluation.  A current appraisal on large loans is usually obtained if the
appraisal on file is more than 12 months old and there has been a material
change in market conditions, zoning, physical use or the adequacy of the
collateral based on an internal evaluation.  The Company s policy is to
strictly adhere to regulatory appraisal standards.  If an appraisal is ordered,
no more than a 30 day turnaround is requested from the appraiser, who is
selected by Credit Administration from an approved appraiser list. After
receipt of the updated appraisal, the assigned credit officer will recommend to
the Chief Credit Officer whether a specific allowance or a charge-off should be
taken. The Chief Credit Officer has the authority to approve a specific
allowance or charge-off between monthly credit committee meetings to ensure
that there are no significant time lapses during this process.  

The
Company s methodology for evaluating whether a loan is impaired begins with
risk-rating credits on an individual basis and includes consideration of the
borrower s overall financial condition, payment record and available cash
resources that may include the sufficiency of collateral value and, in a select
few cases, verifiable support from financial guarantors.  In measuring
impairment, the Company looks primarily to the discounted cash flows of the
project itself or to the value of the collateral as the primary sources of
repayment of the loan.  The Company may consider the existence of guarantees
and the financial strength and wherewithal of the guarantors involved in any
loan relationship. Guarantees may be considered as a source of repayment based
on the guarantor s financial condition and respective payment capacity. 
Accordingly, absent a verifiable payment capacity, a guarantee alone would not
be sufficient to avoid classifying the loan as impaired.   

Management
has established a credit process that dictates that structured procedures be
performed to monitor these loans between the receipt of an original appraisal
and the updated appraisal.  These procedures include the following:  

An internal
evaluation is updated quarterly to include borrower financial statements and/or
cash flow projections.  

The borrower
may be contacted for a meeting to discuss an updated or revised action plan
which may include a request for additional collateral.  

Re-verification
of the documentation supporting the Company s position with respect to the
collateral securing the loan.  

At the
monthly credit committee meeting the loan may be downgraded and a specific
allowance may be decided upon in advance of the receipt of the appraisal.  

Upon receipt
of the updated appraisal (or based on an updated internal financial evaluation)
the loan balance is compared to the appraisal and a specific allowance is
decided upon for the particular loan, typically for the amount of the
difference between the appraisal and the loan balance.  

54   

The Company
will specifically reserve for or charge-off the excess of the loan amount over
the amount of the appraisal net of closing costs. In certain cases the Company
may establish a larger reserve due to knowledge of current market conditions or
the existence of an offer for the collateral that will facilitate a more timely
resolution of the loan.  

If
an updated appraisal is received subsequent to the preliminary determination of
a specific allowance or partial charge-off, and it is less than the initial
appraisal used in the initial charge-off, an additional specific allowance or
charge-off is taken on the related credit. Partially charged-off loans are not
written back up based on updated appraisals and always remain on non-accrual
with any and all subsequent payments applied to the remaining balance of the
loan as principal reductions. No interest income is recognized on loans that
have been partially charged-off.  

Loans
that have their terms restructured (e.g., interest rates, loan maturity date,
payment and amortization period, etc.) in circumstances that provide payment
relief or other concessions, to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty
are considered troubled debt restructured loans (TDR s). All restructurings
that constitute concessions to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties
are considered impaired loans and may either be in accruing status or
non-accruing status.  Non-accruing restructured loans may return to accruing
status provided there is a sufficient period of payment performance in
accordance with the restructure terms.  Loans may be removed from disclosure as
an impaired loan if their revised loans terms are considered to be consistent with
terms that can be obtained in the credit market for loans with comparable
risk.    

The
Company may extend the maturity of a performing or current loan that may have
some inherent weakness associated with the loan. However, the Company generally
follows a policy of not extending maturities on non-performing loans under
existing terms. Maturity date extensions only occur under revised terms that
clearly place the Company in a position to increase the likelihood of or assure
full collection of the loan under the contractual terms and /or terms at the
time of the extension that may eliminate or mitigate the inherent weakness in
the loan.  These terms may incorporate, but are not limited to additional
assignment of collateral, significant balance curtailments/liquidations and
assignments of additional project cash flows.  Guarantees may be a
consideration in the extension of loan maturities.  As a general matter, the
Company does not view extension of a loan to be a satisfactory approach to
resolving non-performing credits.  On an exception basis, certain
performing loans that have displayed some inherent weakness in the underlying
collateral values, an inability to comply with certain loan covenants which are
not affecting the performance of the credit or other identified weakness may be
extended.  

Collateral
values or estimates of discounted cash flows (inclusive of any potential cash
flow from guarantees) are evaluated to estimate the probability and severity of
potential losses. The actual occurrence and severity of losses involving
impaired credits can differ substantially from estimates.  

The
determination of the allowance requires significant judgment, and estimates of
probable losses in the loan portfolio can vary significantly from the amounts
actually observed.  While management uses available information to recognize
probable losses, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on
changes in the credits comprising the portfolio and changes in the financial
condition of borrowers, such as may result from changes in economic conditions.
In addition, federal and state regulatory agencies, as an integral part of
their examination process, and independent consultants engaged by the Bank,
periodically review the loan portfolio and the allowance.  Such reviews may
result in adjustments to the allowance based upon their analysis of the
information available at the time of each examination.  

The
Company makes provisions for loan losses in amounts necessary to maintain the
allowance at an appropriate level, as established by use of the allowance
methodology previously discussed. The provision for loan losses was a charge of
$5.0 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to a charge of $3.5
million in the first nine months of 2015.   The increase in the provision in
the first nine months of 2016 was driven primarily by growth in the loan
portfolio.   

The
Company typically sells a substantial portion of its fixed-rate residential
mortgage originations in the secondary mortgage market. Concurrent with such
sales, the Company is required to make customary representations and warranties
to the purchasers about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were
originated. The related sale agreements grant the purchasers recourse back to
the Company, which could require the Company to repurchase loans or to share in
any losses incurred by the purchasers. This recourse exposure typically extends
for a period of nine to eighteen months after the sale of the loan although the
time frame for repurchase requests can extend for an indefinite period.  Such
transactions could be due to a number of causes including borrower fraud or
early payment default. The Company has seen a very limited number of repurchase
and indemnity demands from purchasers for such events and routinely monitors
its exposure in this regard. The Company maintains a liability of $0.5 million
for probable losses due to repurchases. The Company believes that this reserve
is adequate.  

55   

Allowance for Loan Losses    

   During the third quarter of 2016, there were no changes in
the Company s methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance
for loan losses from the prior year. Variations can occur over time in the
estimation of the allowance as a result of the credit performance of borrowers.        

At September 30, 2016, total non-performing loans were
$32.0 million, or 0.85% of total loans, compared to $34.5 million, or 0.99% of
total loans, at December 31, 2015.  The allowance represented 137% of
non-performing loans at September 30, 2016 as compared to 119% at December 31,
2015. The allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans was 1.16% at
September 30, 2016 as compared to 1.17% at December 31, 2015.     

Continued analysis of the actual loss history on the
problem credits in 2015 and 2016 provided an indication that the coverage of
the inherent losses on the problem credits was adequate. The Company continues
to monitor the impact of the economic conditions on our commercial customers,
the reduced inflow of non-accruals and criticized loans in addition to the
significant decline in early stage delinquencies.  The improvement in these
credit metrics supports management s outlook for continued improved credit
quality performance.   

The balance of impaired loans was $24.3 million, with
specific allowances of $3.7 million against those loans at September 30, 2016,
as compared to $28.9 million with allowances of $3.4 million, at December 31,
2015.   

The Company's borrowers are concentrated in nine counties
in Maryland, three counties in Virginia and in Washington D.C.  Commercial and
residential mortgages, including home equity loans and lines, represented 80%
of total loans and leases at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
Certain loan terms may create concentrations of credit risk and increase the
Company s exposure to loss. These include terms that permit the deferral of
principal payments or payments that are smaller than normal interest accruals
(negative amortization); loans with high loan-to-value ratios; loans, such as
option adjustable-rate mortgages, that may expose the borrower to future
increases in repayments that are in excess of increases that would result
solely from increases in market interest rates; and interest-only loans.  The
Company does not make loans that provide for negative amortization or option
adjustable-rate mortgages.    

56   

Summary of Loan Loss Experience    

   The following table presents the activity in the allowance
for loan losses for the periods   

57   

Analysis of Credit Risk    

   The following table presents information with respect to
non-performing assets and 90-day delinquencies for the periods indicated:   

Market Risk Management    

   The Company's net income is largely
dependent on its net interest income.  Net interest income is susceptible to
interest rate risk to the extent that interest-bearing liabilities mature or
re-price on a different basis than interest-earning assets.  When interest-bearing
liabilities mature or re-price more quickly than interest-earning assets in a
given period, a significant increase in market rates of interest could
adversely affect net interest income.  Similarly, when interest-earning assets
mature or re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling
interest rates could result in a decrease in net interest income. Net interest
income is also affected by changes in the portion of interest-earning assets
that are funded by interest-bearing liabilities rather than by other sources of
funds, such as noninterest-bearing deposits and stockholders' equity.    

The Company s interest rate risk
management goals are (1) to increase net interest income at a growth rate
consistent with the growth rate of total assets, and (2) to minimize
fluctuations in net interest margin as a percentage of interest-earning
assets.  Management attempts to achieve these goals by balancing, within policy
limits, the volume of floating-rate liabilities with a similar volume of
floating-rate assets; by keeping the average maturity of fixed-rate asset and
liability contracts reasonably matched; by maintaining a pool of administered
core deposits; and by adjusting pricing rates to market conditions on a
continuing basis.   

58   

The Company s board of directors has
established a comprehensive interest rate risk management policy, which is
administered by management s Asset Liability Management Committee ( ALCO ). The
policy establishes limits on risk, which are quantitative measures of the
percentage change in net interest income (a measure of net interest income at
risk) and the fair value of equity capital (a measure of economic value of
equity or  EVE  at risk) resulting from a hypothetical change in U.S. Treasury
interest rates for maturities from one day to thirty years. The Company
measures the potential adverse impacts that changing interest rates may have on
its short-term earnings, long-term value, and liquidity by employing simulation
analysis through the use of computer modeling. The simulation model captures
optionality factors such as call features and interest rate caps and floors
imbedded in investment and loan portfolio contracts. As with any method of
gauging interest rate risk, there are certain shortcomings inherent in the
interest rate modeling methodology used by the Company. When interest rates
change, actual movements in different categories of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities, loan prepayments, and withdrawals of time and
other deposits, may deviate significantly from assumptions used in the model. 
As an example, certain money market deposit accounts are assumed to reprice at
100% of the interest rate change in each of the up rate shock scenarios even
though this is not a contractual requirement.  As a practical matter,
management would likely lag the impact of any upward movement in market rates
on these accounts as a mechanism to manage the bank s net interest margin. 
Finally, the methodology does not measure or reflect the impact that higher
rates may have on adjustable-rate loan customers  ability to service their
debts, or the impact of rate changes on demand for loan, lease, and deposit
products.   

The Company prepares a current base
case and eight alternative simulations at least once a quarter and reports the
analysis to the board of directors.  In addition, more frequent forecasts are
produced when interest rates are particularly uncertain or when other business
conditions so dictate.   

The statement of condition is subject
to quarterly testing for eight alternative interest rate shock possibilities to
indicate the inherent interest rate risk.  Average interest rates are shocked
by +/- 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points ( bp ), although the Company may
elect not to use particular scenarios that it determines are impractical in a
current rate environment.  It is management s goal to structure the balance
sheet so that net interest earnings at risk over a twelve-month period and the
economic value of equity at risk do not exceed policy guidelines at the various
interest rate shock levels.   

The Company augments its quarterly
interest rate shock analysis with alternative external interest rate scenarios
on a monthly basis. These alternative interest rate scenarios may include
non-parallel rate ramps and non-parallel yield curve twists.  If a measure of
risk produced by the alternative simulations of the entire balance sheet
violates policy guidelines, ALCO is required to develop a plan to restore the
measure of risk to a level that complies with policy limits within two
quarters.    

Measures of net interest income at risk produced by
simulation analysis are indicators of an institution s short-term performance
in alternative rate environments.  These measures are typically based upon a
relatively brief period, usually one year.  They do not necessarily indicate
the long-term prospects or economic value of the institution.   

As shown above, measures of net
interest income at risk improved from December 31, 2015 at all shock levels.
All measures remained well within prescribed policy limits.    

The decrease in the risk position with respect to net
interest income from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 at all shock
levels was the result of a decline in both short-term and long-term FHLB
borrowings which will reduce the Company s exposure to increases in interest
rates.    

The measures of equity value at risk indicate the ongoing
economic value of the Company by considering the effects of changes in interest
rates on all of the Company s cash flows, and by discounting the cash flows to
estimate the present value of assets and liabilities.  The difference between
these discounted values of the assets and liabilities is the economic value of
equity, which, in theory, approximates the fair value of the Company s net
assets.   

59   

Measures of the economic value of equity ( EVE ) at risk
improved from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 in all rising shock
scenarios. The positive impact in EVE was driven by the decrease in FHLB
advances, higher balances of noninterest-bearing checking accounts and longer
durations on deposits.   

Liquidity Management    

   Liquidity is measured by a financial institution's ability
to raise funds through loan and lease repayments, maturing investments, deposit
growth, borrowed funds, capital and the sale of highly marketable assets such
as investment securities and residential mortgage loans. The Company's
liquidity position, considering both internal and external sources available,
exceeded anticipated short-term and long-term needs at September 30, 2016. 
Management considers core deposits, defined to include all deposits other than
time deposits of $100 thousand or more, to be a relatively stable funding source.
Core deposits equaled 71% of total interest-earning assets at September 30,
2016    .     In addition, loan and lease payments, maturities, calls and
pay downs of securities, deposit growth and earnings contribute a flow of funds
available to meet liquidity requirements. In assessing liquidity, management
considers operating requirements, the seasonality of deposit flows, investment,
loan and deposit maturities and calls, expected funding of loans and deposit
withdrawals, and the market values of available-for-sale investments, so that
sufficient funds are available on short notice to meet obligations as they
arise and to ensure that the Company is able to pursue new business
opportunities.   

Liquidity is measured using an approach designed to take
into account, in addition to factors already discussed above, the Company s
growth and mortgage banking activities.  Also considered are changes in the
liquidity of the investment portfolio due to fluctuations in interest rates. 
Under this approach, implemented by the Funds Management Subcommittee of ALCO
under formal policy guidelines, the Company s liquidity position is measured
weekly, looking forward at thirty day intervals from thirty (30) to three
hundred sixty (360) days.  The measurement is based upon the projection of funds
sold or purchased position, along with ratios and trends developed to measure
dependence on purchased funds and core growth.  Resulting projections as of
September 30, 2016, show short-term investments exceeding short-term borrowings
by $21 million over the subsequent 360 days.  This projected excess of
liquidity versus requirements provides the Company with flexibility in how it
funds loans and other earning assets.     

The Company also has external sources of funds, which can
be drawn upon when required.  The main sources of external liquidity are
available lines of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and the
Federal Reserve. The line of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta
totaled $1.4 billion, of which $1.4 billion was available for borrowing based
on pledged collateral, with $550 million borrowed against it as of September 30,
2016. The line of credit at the Federal Reserve totaled $375 million, all of
which was available for borrowing based on pledged collateral, with no
borrowings against it as of September 30, 2016.  Other external sources of
liquidity available to the Company in the form of unsecured lines of credit
granted by correspondent banks totaled $70 million at September 30, 2016,
against which there were no outstanding borrowings.  In addition, the Company
had a secured line of credit with a correspondent bank of $20 million as of
September 30, 2016. Based upon its liquidity analysis, including external
sources of liquidity available, management believes the liquidity position was
appropriate at September 30, 2016.   

The parent company ( Bancorp ) is a separate legal entity
from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its
operating expenses, Bancorp is responsible for paying any dividends declared to
its common shareholders and interest and principal on outstanding debt.
Bancorp s primary source of income is dividends received from the Bank. The
amount of dividends that the Bank may declare and pay to Bancorp in any
calendar year, without the receipt of prior approval from the Federal Reserve,
cannot exceed net income for that year to date plus retained net income (as
defined) for the preceding two calendar years. Based on this requirement, as of
September 30, 2016, the Bank could have declared a dividend of $20 million to
Bancorp. At September 30, 2016, Bancorp had liquid assets of $11million.   

Arrangements to fund credit products or guarantee financing
take the form of loan commitments (including lines of credit on revolving
credit structures) and letters of credit.  Approvals for these arrangements are
obtained in the same manner as loans.  Generally, cash flows, collateral value
and risk assessment are considered when determining the amount and structure of
credit arrangements.   

60   

Commitments to extend credit in the form of consumer,
commercial real estate and business at the dates indicated were as follows:   

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to provide
financing to a customer with the provision that there are no violations of any
condition established in the agreement.  Commitments generally have interest
rates determined by current market rates, expirations dates or other
termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.  Lines of credit
typically represent unused portions of lines of credit that were provided and
remain available as long as there is no violation of any contractual
condition.  Commitments to extend credit are evaluated on a case by case basis
periodically. Many of the commitments are expected to expire without being
drawn upon.  It would be highly unlikely that all customers would draw on their
lines of credit in full at any time and, therefore, the total commitment amount
or line of credit amounts do not necessarily represent future cash
requirements.     

Item 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

See  Financial Condition - Market Risk and Interest Rate
Sensitivity  in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, above, which is incorporated herein by reference.     

Item 4.  CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES    

The Company s management, under the
supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated as of the last day of the period covered
by this report, the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective. There were no changes in the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the
Securities Act of 1934) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    

    Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

In the normal course of business, the Company becomes
involved in litigation arising from the banking, financial and other activities
it conducts.  Management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not
anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising from these matters will
have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, operating results
or liquidity.   

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

There have been no material changes in the risk factors as
discussed in the 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.    

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds    

The Company re-approved a stock repurchase program in
August 2015 that permits the repurchase of up to 5% of the Company s
outstanding shares of common stock or approximately 1,200,000 shares. 
Repurchases which will be conducted through open market purchases or privately
negotiated transactions, will be made depending on market conditions and other
factors.  The following table provides information regarding repurchase
transactions executed during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   

61   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   None    

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   Not applicable    

Item 5. Other Information - None    

Item 6.
Exhibits    

Exhibit 31(a)                         Certification
of Chief Executive Officer   

                  Exhibit 31(b)                         Certification
of Chief Financial Officer   

                  Exhibit
32(a)                         Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant
to 18 U.S. Section 1350   

                  Exhibit
32(b)                         Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
to 18 U.S. Section 1350   

                  Exhibit 101                            The
following materials from the Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter end September 30, 2016 formatted in Extensible
Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Condition; (ii) The Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) The
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) The Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) The Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity; (vi) related notes.   

62   

Signatures    

   Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly
caused this quarterly report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.   

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC.   

   (Registrant)   

By:    /s/ Daniel J. Schrider                        

   Daniel J. Schrider   

   President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 4, 2016   

By:    /s/ Philip J. Mantua                          

   Philip J. Mantua   

   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

Date: November 4, 2016   

63   

<EX-31>
 2
 Exhibit_31_a.htm

Exhibit
31 (a)   

CERTIFICATION    

Rule
13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certifications  

I, Daniel J. Schrider, Chief Executive
Officer of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. ( Bancorp ), certify that:  

1.           I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.  

2.           Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a    material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.           Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.           The registrant's
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d--15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)     Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such  disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;  

b)         
  Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)      Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report based upon such evaluation; and  

d)     Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           The registrant's
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)     All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and  

b)     Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 4, 2016                                                                                      /s/Daniel
J. Schrider   

  Daniel J. Schrider   

  Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 Exhibit_31_b.htm

Exhibit
31 (b)   

CERTIFICATION   

I, Philip J. Mantua, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.
( Bancorp ), certify that:  

  1.           I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.  

2.           Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a    material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.           Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.           The registrant's
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d--15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.      Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such  disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.           Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.      Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report based upon such evaluation; and  

d.      Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           The registrant's
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.      All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and  

b.      Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 4, 2016                                                                                      /s/Philip
J. Mantua   

  Philip J. Mantua  

  Executive Vice President and   

  Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 Exhibit_32_a.htm

Exhibit 32(a)               18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification         I hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that the accompanying Form 10-Q of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. ( Bancorp ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934(15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and that the information contained in this Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bancorp.              By:          /s/ Daniel J. Schrider   ___________                  Daniel J. Schrider                 Chief Executive Officer                 Date: November 4, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 Exhibit_32_b.htm

Exhibit 32(b)               18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification         I hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that the accompanying Form 10-Q of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. ( Bancorp ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934(15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and that the information contained in this Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bancorp.              By:          /s/ Philip J. Mantua   ___________                  Philip J. Mantua                 Chief Executive Officer                 Date: November 4, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 sasr-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sasr-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sasr-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sasr-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sasr-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sasr-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

