<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_882796_0001171843-16-013033_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4976264</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>616709</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>626784</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1063335</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1718394</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>809165</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013033.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108142358
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882796
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				621413174
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23186
		FILM NUMBER:		161980859

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4505 EMPEROR BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919-859-1302

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4505 EMPEROR BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013033.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 f10q_110816p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

 _____________ 

FORM 10-Q  

 _____________ 

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d)  

  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016  

Commission File Number 000-23186  

 _____________ 

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

 _____________ 

(919) 859-1302  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)    

 _____________ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes        No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).    Yes        No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non- accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes        No  

The number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01, of the
Registrant outstanding as of October 31, 2016 was 73,758,320.    

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

INDEX  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Financial Statements  

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015  

  (In thousands, except per share data)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

3   

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015  

  (In thousands, except per share data-Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

4   

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015  

  (In thousands-Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

5   

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)  

  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

Note 1   Significant Accounting Policies  

The Company   

BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company )
is a biotechnology company that designs, optimizes and develops novel small molecule drugs that block key enzymes involved in the
pathogenesis of diseases. The Company focuses on the treatment of rare diseases in which significant unmet medical needs exist
and align with its capabilities and expertise. The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1986 and its headquarters is located
in Durham, North Carolina. The Company integrates the disciplines of biology, crystallography, medicinal chemistry and computer
modeling to discover and develop small molecule pharmaceuticals through the process known as structure-guided drug design. BioCryst
has incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception.  

Based on its current operating plans, the
Company expects it has sufficient liquidity, with its existing cash, restricted cash and investments of $68,698, to continue its
planned operations into 2018. The Company s liquidity needs, and ability to address those needs, will largely be determined
by the success of its product candidates and key development and regulatory events in the future. In order to continue its operations
substantially beyond 2017 it will need to: (1) successfully secure or increase U.S. Government funding of its programs, including
procurement contracts; (2) out-license rights to certain of its products or product candidates, pursuant to which the Company
would receive cash milestones; (3) raise additional capital through equity or debt financings or from other sources; (4) obtain
additional product candidate regulatory approvals, which would generate revenue and cash flow; (5) reduce spending on one
or more research and development programs; and/or (6) restructure operations. The Company may issue securities, including
common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, stock purchase contracts, warrants and units, through private placement transactions
or registered public offerings pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-3 initially filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) on March 3, 2015. The Company will continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows until
revenues reach a level sufficient to support ongoing operations.   

Basis of Presentation   

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, JPR Royalty Sub LLC ( Royalty Sub ) and MDCP, LLC ( MDCP ).
Both subsidiaries were formed to facilitate financing transactions for the Company. Royalty Sub was formed in connection with a
$30,000 financing transaction the Company completed on March 9, 2011. See Note 4, Royalty Monetization, for a further
description of this transaction. MDCP was formed in connection with a $23,000 Senior Credit Facility the Company closed on September
23, 2016. See Note 5, Senior Credit Facility, for a further description of this transaction. All intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated. 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP )
for interim financial reporting and the instructions to Form 10-Q and do not include all of the information and footnotes required
by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. Such financial statements reflect all adjustments that are, in management s
opinion, necessary to present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s consolidated financial position, results of
operations, and cash flows. There were no adjustments other than normal recurring adjustments. 

These financial statements should be read
in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the notes thereto included in the Company s
2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Interim operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for the full year.
The balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in
the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Reclassifications   

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company
adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . Accordingly, debt issuance costs of $2,196 classified as other current assets as of December
31, 2015 have been reclassified and netted against non-recourse notes payable to conform to the 2016 presentation. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company generally considers cash equivalents
to be all cash held in commercial checking accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts or investments in debt instruments
with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair
value due to the short-term nature of these items. 

6   

Restricted Cash   

Restricted cash as of September 30,
2016 reflects $101 in royalty revenue paid by Shionogi   Co., Ltd. ( Shionogi ) designated for interest on
the PhaRMA Notes (defined in Note 4) and $1,405 the Company is required to maintain as collateral for a letter of credit associated
with the lease execution and build-out of its new Birmingham research facilities. 

Investments   

The Company invests in high credit quality
investments in accordance with its investment policy, which is designed to minimize the possibility of loss. The objective of the
Company s investment policy is to ensure the safety and preservation of invested funds, as well as maintaining liquidity
sufficient to meet cash flow requirements. The Company places its excess cash with high credit quality financial institutions,
commercial companies, and government agencies in order to limit the amount of its credit exposure. In accordance with its policy,
the Company is able to invest in marketable debt securities that may consist of U.S. Government and government agency securities,
money market and mutual fund investments, municipal and corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper and asset or mortgage-backed
securities, among others. The Company s investment policy requires it to purchase high-quality marketable securities with
a maximum individual maturity of three years and requires an average portfolio maturity of no more than 18 months. Some of the
securities the Company invests in may have market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal
amount of the investment to fluctuate. To minimize this risk, the Company schedules its investments with maturities that coincide
with expected cash flow needs, thus avoiding the need to redeem an investment prior to its maturity date. Accordingly, the Company
does not believe it has a material exposure to interest rate risk arising from its investments. Generally, the Company s
investments are not collateralized. The Company has not realized any significant losses from its investments. 

The Company classifies all of its investments
as available-for-sale. Unrealized gains and losses on investments are recognized in comprehensive loss, unless an unrealized loss
is considered to be other than temporary, in which case the unrealized loss is charged to operations. The Company periodically
reviews its investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below cost basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company believes the individual unrealized losses represent
temporary declines primarily resulting from interest rate changes. Realized gains and losses are reflected in interest and other
income in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and are determined using the specific identification method with transactions
recorded on a settlement date basis. Investments with original maturities at date of purchase beyond three months and which mature
at or less than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classified as current. Investments with a maturity beyond 12 months from
the balance sheet date are classified as long-term. At September 30, 2016, the Company believes that the cost of its investments
is recoverable in all material respects. 

The following tables summarize the fair value
of the Company s investments by type. The estimated fair values of the Company s fixed income investments are classified
as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as defined in U.S. GAAP. These valuations are based on observable direct and indirect inputs,
primarily quoted prices of similar, but not identical, instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active. These fair values are obtained from independent pricing services which utilize Level
2 inputs. 

7   

The following table
summarizes the scheduled maturity for the Company s investments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Receivables from Collaborations   

Receivables from collaborations are recorded
for amounts due to the Company related to reimbursable research and development costs from the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, royalty receivables from Shionogi, Green Cross Corporation ( Green Cross ) and Seqirus UK Limited ( SUL ),
and product sales to SUL. These receivables are evaluated to determine if any reserve or allowance should be established at each
reporting date. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had the following receivables. 

Monthly invoices are submitted to the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services related to reimbursable research and development costs. The Company is also entitled to
monthly reimbursement of indirect costs based on rates stipulated in the underlying contract. The Company s calculations
of its indirect cost rates are subject to audit by the U.S. Government. 

Receivables from Product Sales   

Receivables from product sales are recorded
for amounts due to the Company related to sales of RAPIVAB. These receivables are evaluated to determine if any reserve or allowance
should be established at each reporting date. 

Inventory   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company s inventory consisted primarily of RAPIVAB work in process. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost, determined
under the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method, or market. The Company expenses costs related to the production of inventories
as research and development expenses in the period incurred until such time it is believed that future economic benefit is expected
to be recognized, which generally is reliant upon receipt of regulatory approval. Upon regulatory approval, the Company will capitalize
subsequent costs related to the production of inventories. 

8   

During 2014, in connection with the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approval of RAPIVAB, the Company began capitalizing costs associated with the
production of RAPIVAB inventories. 

The Company s inventory consisted of
the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are recorded at cost.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Computer equipment is depreciated
over a life of three years. Laboratory equipment, office equipment, and software are depreciated over a life of five years. Furniture
and fixtures are depreciated over a life of seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over their estimated useful lives
or the expected lease term, whichever is less. Property consists of a leased building which did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria
and is recorded at its fair value, less depreciation. The building is being depreciated over a period equal to the expected term
of the related lease. 

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company
periodically reviews its property and equipment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash
flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be
sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the assets, the assets are written down to their estimated fair values. Property and
equipment to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. 

Patents and Licenses   

The Company seeks patent protection on all
internally developed processes and products. All patent related costs are expensed to selling, general and administrative expenses
when incurred as recoverability of such expenditures is uncertain. 

Accrued Expenses   

The Company generally enters into contractual
agreements with third-party vendors who provide research and development, manufacturing, and other services in the ordinary course
of business. Some of these contracts are subject to milestone-based invoicing and services are completed over an extended period
of time. The Company records liabilities under these contractual commitments when it determines an obligation has been incurred,
regardless of the timing of the invoice. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with
applicable Company personnel to identify services that have been performed on its behalf and estimating the level of service performed
and the associated cost incurred for the service when the Company has not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual cost.
The majority of service providers invoice the Company monthly in arrears for services performed. The Company makes estimates of
accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in its financial statements based on the facts and circumstances. The Company periodically
confirms the accuracy of its estimates with the service providers and makes adjustments if necessary. Examples of estimated accrued
expenses include: 

fees paid to Clinical Research Organizations ( CROs ) in connection with preclinical and toxicology studies and clinical trials;  

fees paid to investigative sites in connection with clinical trials;  

fees paid to contract manufacturers in connection with the production of our raw materials, drug substance and drug products; and  

professional fees.   

The Company bases its expenses related to
clinical trials on its estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple research institutions
and CROs that conduct and manage clinical trials on the Company s behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject
to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. Payments under some of these contracts depend
on factors such as the successful enrollment of patients and the completion of clinical trial milestones. In accruing service fees,
the Company estimates the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort expended in each period. If
the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, the Company will adjust the accrual
accordingly. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of accrued expenses approximates their fair value
due to their short-term settlement. 

9   

Income Taxes   

The liability method is used in the Company s
accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected
to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
is comprised of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investments and is disclosed as a separate component of stockholders 
equity. Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are recorded as interest and other income on the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, realized gains of $11 were reclassified
out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, realized gains of $13 were
reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company recognizes revenues from collaborative
and other research and development arrangements, royalties and product sales when realized or realizable and earned. Revenue is
realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
(ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (iii) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable;
and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

Collaborative and Other Research and Development
Arrangements and Royalties  

Revenue from license fees, royalty payments,
event payments, and research and development fees are recognized as revenue when the earnings process is complete and the Company
has no further continuing performance obligations or the Company has completed the performance obligations under the terms of the
agreement. Fees received under licensing agreements that are related to future performance are deferred and recognized over an
estimated period determined by management based on the terms of the agreement and the products licensed. Revisions to revenue or
profit estimates as a result of changes in the estimated revenue period are recognized prospectively.  

Under certain of the Company s license
agreements, the Company receives royalty payments based upon its licensees  net sales of covered products. The Company recognizes
royalty revenues when it can reliably estimate such amounts and collectability is reasonably assured.  

For arrangements that involve the delivery
of more than one element, each product, service and/or right to use assets is evaluated to determine whether it qualifies as a
separate unit of accounting. This determination is based on whether the deliverable has  stand-alone value  to the
customer. The consideration that is fixed or determinable is then allocated to each separate unit of accounting based on the relative
selling price of each deliverable. The estimated selling price of each deliverable is determined using the following hierarchy
of values: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value, (ii) third-party evidence of selling price ( TPE )
and (iii) best estimate of selling price ( BESP ). The BESP reflects our best estimate of what the selling price would
be if the deliverable was regularly sold by the Company on a stand-alone basis. In most cases the Company expects to use TPE or
BESP for allocating consideration to each deliverable. The consideration allocated to each unit of accounting is recognized as
the related goods or services are delivered, limited to the consideration that is not contingent upon future deliverables. Analyzing
the arrangement to identify deliverables requires the use of judgment, and each deliverable may be an obligation to deliver services,
a right or license to use an asset, or another performance obligation. 

In June 2015, the Company entered into a
License Agreement (the  SUL Agreement ) granting SUL and its affiliates worldwide rights, excluding Israel, Japan,
Korea and Taiwan, to develop, manufacture and commercialize RAPIVAB. The SUL Agreement provides for various types of payments,
including a non-refundable upfront fee, milestone payments, and future royalties. Analysis of the SUL Agreement identified three
deliverables: (i) license rights, (ii) inventory and (iii) regulatory support to obtain Canadian and European Union ( EU )
marketing approvals. The Company received an upfront payment of $33,740 from SUL, of which $7,000 was determined to be contingent
upon EU marketing approval and will be deferred until that time. Approximately $21,777 of the upfront payment was allocated to
the license rights and recognized as revenue in the second quarter. Approximately $3,740 of the upfront payment was allocated to
the pending sale of inventory and was recognized during the third quarter of 2015, when the inventory transfer was completed. Approximately
$1,223 of the revenue from the SUL Agreement will be recognized over the expected period of involvement in these regulatory support
activities. 

10   

Milestone payments are recognized as licensing
revenue upon the achievement of specified milestones if (i) the milestone is substantive in nature and the achievement of the milestone
was not reasonably assured at the inception of the agreement; and (ii) the fees are non-refundable. Any milestone payments received
prior to satisfying these revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue. 

Under the terms of the SUL Agreement, the
Company may receive up to $12,000 in additional payments related to the successful achievement of regulatory milestones, including
marketing approval (i) by the FDA for a pediatric indication, (ii) by the EMA for an adult indication in the EU and (iii) by Health
Products and Food Branch of Health Canada ( Health Canada ) for an adult indication in Canada. The Company evaluated
each event based payment under the provisions of ASU 2010-17,  Milestone Method of Revenue Recognition  , and determined that
each event based payment met the criteria to be considered substantive and represents a milestone under the milestone method of
accounting. No event based payments were achieved during the periods presented.  

Reimbursements received for direct out-of-pocket
expenses related to research and development costs are recorded as revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss
rather than as a reduction in expenses. Under the Company s contracts with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development
Authority within the United States Department of Health and Human Services ( BARDA/HHS ) and the National Institute
of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID/HHS ), revenue is recognized as reimbursable direct and indirect costs are
incurred. 

Product Sales  

The Company recognizes revenue for sales
of RAPIVAB when title and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer, which generally
occurs on the date of shipment from our specialty distributors, utilizing the Sell-Through revenue recognition methodology. Product
sales are recognized when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, title has passed, the price is fixed and determinable,
and collectability is reasonably assured. Product sales are recognized net of estimated allowances, discounts, sales returns, chargebacks
and rebates. In the United States, and prior to the SUL Agreement, the Company sold RAPIVAB to specialty distributors, who in turn,
sell to physician offices, hospitals and federal, state and commercial health care organizations. With the completion of the
SUL worldwide license of RAPIVAB, SUL will be responsible for sales of RAPIVAB, other than U.S. Government stockpiling sales. With
the completion of the SUL collaboration, all peramivir sales (i.e., RAPIVAB, RAPIACTA, and PERAMIFLU) will be made by the Company s
partners, except for U.S. Government stockpiling sales, and the Company will be reliant on these partners to generate sales. 

Sales deductions consist of statutory rebates
to state Medicaid, Medicare and other government agencies and sales discounts (including trade discounts and distribution service
fees). These deductions are recorded as reductions from revenue from RAPIVAB in the same period as the related sales with estimates
of future utilization derived from historical experience adjusted to reflect known changes in the factors that impact such reserves. 

The Company utilizes data from external sources
to help it estimate gross-to-net sales adjustments as they relate to the recognition of revenue for RAPIVAB sold. Externally sourced
data includes, but is not limited to, information obtained from specialty distributors with respect to their inventory levels and
their sell-through to customers, as well as information from third-party suppliers of market research data to the pharmaceutical
industry. 

The Company accounts for these sales deductions
in accordance with authoritative guidance on revenue recognition when consideration is given by a vendor to a customer.  

The Company has categorized and described
more fully the following significant sales deductions, all of which involve estimates and judgments, which the Company considers
to be critical accounting estimates, and require it to use information from external sources.  

Rebates and Chargebacks  

Statutory rebates to state Medicaid agencies
and Medicare are based on statutory discounts to RAPIVAB s selling price. As it can take up to nine months or more for
information to be received on actual usage of RAPIVAB in Medicaid and other governmental programs, the Company maintains reserves
for amounts payable under these programs relating to RAPIVAB sales.  

Chargebacks claimed by specialty distributors
are based on the differentials between product acquisition prices paid by the specialty distributors and lower government contract
pricing paid by eligible customers covered under federally qualified programs.  

The amount of the reserve for rebates
and chargebacks is based on multiple qualitative and quantitative factors, including the historical and projected utilization levels,
historical payment experience, changes in statutory laws and interpretations as well as contractual terms, product pricing (both
normal selling prices and statutory or negotiated prices), changes in prescription demand patterns and utilization of the Company s
product through public benefit plans, and the levels of RAPIVAB inventory in the distribution channel. The Company acquires prescription
utilization data from third-party suppliers of market research data to the pharmaceutical industry. The Company updates its estimates
and assumptions each period and records any necessary adjustments to its reserves. Settlements of rebates and chargebacks typically
occur within nine months from point of sale. To the extent actual rebates and chargebacks differ from the Company s estimates,
additional reserves may be required or reserves may need to be reversed, either of which would impact current period product revenue.  

11   

Discounts and Sales Incentives  

Discounts and other sales incentives primarily
consist of Inventory Management Agreement ( IMA ) fees. Per contractual agreements with the Company s specialty
distributors, the Company provides an IMA fee based on a percentage of their purchases of RAPIVAB. The IMA fee rates are set forth
in individual contracts. The Company tracks sales to these distributors each period and accrues a liability relating to the unpaid
portion of these fees by applying the contractual rates to such product sales. With the completion of the SUL collaboration,
all peramivir sales (i.e., RAPIVAB, RAPIACTA, and PERAMIFLU) will be made by the Company s partners, except for U.S. Government
stockpiling sales, and the Company will be reliant on these partners to generate sales and to provide for discounts and sales incentives. 

Product Returns  

The Company does not record a product return
allowance as it does not offer the ability to return goods once a bonafide shipment has been accepted by a specialty distributor.  

The Company recorded the following revenues
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Advertising  

The Company engages in very limited distribution
and direct-response advertising when promoting RAPIVAB. Advertising and promotional costs are expensed as the costs are incurred. 

Research and Development Expenses   

The Company s research and development
costs are charged to expense when incurred. Research and development expenses include all direct and indirect development costs
related to the development of the Company s portfolio of product candidates. Advance payments for goods or services that
will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are deferred and capitalized. Such amounts are recognized
as expense when the related goods are delivered or the related services are performed. Research and development expenses include,
among other items, personnel costs, including salaries and benefits, manufacturing costs, clinical, regulatory, and toxicology
services performed by CROs, materials and supplies, and overhead allocations consisting of various administrative and facilities
related costs. Most of the Company s manufacturing and clinical and preclinical studies are performed by third-party CROs.
Costs for studies performed by CROs are accrued by the Company over the service periods specified in the contracts and estimates
are adjusted, if required, based upon the Company s on-going review of the level of services actually performed.  

Additionally, the Company has license agreements
with third parties, such as Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University ( AECOM ), Industrial Research,
Ltd. ( IRL ), and the University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ), which require fees related to sublicense
agreements or maintenance fees. The Company expenses sublicense payments as incurred unless they are related to revenues that have
been deferred, in which case the expenses are deferred and recognized over the related revenue recognition period. The Company
expenses maintenance payments as incurred.  

12   

Deferred collaboration expenses represent
sub-license payments, paid to the Company s academic partners upon receipt of consideration from various commercial partners,
and other consideration paid to our academic partners for modification to existing license agreements. These deferred expenses
would not have been incurred without receipt of such payments or modifications from the Company s commercial partners and
are being expensed in proportion to the related revenue being recognized. The Company believes that this accounting treatment appropriately
matches expenses with the associated revenue. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

All share-based payments, including grants
of stock option awards and restricted stock unit awards, are recognized in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss based on their fair values. The fair value of stock option awards is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
The fair value of restricted stock unit awards is based on the grant date closing price of the common stock. Stock-based compensation
cost is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. In addition, we have outstanding
performance-based stock options for which no compensation expense is recognized until  performance  is deemed to have
occurred. 

Interest Expense and Deferred Financing Costs   

Interest expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,465 and $1,241, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
was $4,356 and $3,862, respectively, and primarily relates to the issuance of the PhaRMA Notes (defined in Note 4) and the Senior
Credit Facility (defined in Note 5). Costs directly associated with the issuance of the PhaRMA Notes and the Senior Credit Facility
have been capitalized and are netted against the non-recourse notes payable and Senior Credit Facility on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. These costs are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the PhaRMA Notes and the Senior Credit Facility using
the effective interest rate method. Amortization of deferred financing costs included in interest expense was $116 and $110 for
each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Amortization of deferred financing costs included
in interest expense was $335 and $329 for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Lease Financing Obligation   

Based on the terms of the lease agreement
for the new research facility in Birmingham, Alabama, the Company had construction period risks during the construction period
and the Company was deemed the owner of the building (for accounting purposes only) during the construction period. Accordingly,
the Company recorded an asset of $1,589, representing the Company s leased portion of the building and recorded a corresponding
liability. Upon completion of leasehold improvement construction, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition
of the building asset and liability. Therefore, the lease is accounted for as a financing obligation. The asset will be depreciated
over the expected duration of the lease of 20.5 years, and rental payments will be treated as principal and interest payments on
the lease financing obligation liability. The underlying accounting for this transaction has no impact on cash flows associated
with the underlying lease or construction in process. Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes
$86 and $300, respectively, related to the lease financing obligation. 

At September 30, 2016, the lease financing
obligation balance was $2,675 and was recorded as a long term liability on the consolidated balance sheets. The remaining future
minimum payments under the lease financing obligation are $4,839. 

Currency Hedge Agreement   

In connection with the issuance by Royalty
Sub of the PhaRMA Notes, the Company entered into a Currency Hedge Agreement to hedge certain risks associated with changes in
the value of the Japanese yen relative to the U.S. dollar. The Currency Hedge Agreement does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment;
therefore, mark-to-market adjustments are recognized in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Cumulative
mark-to-market adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 resulted in losses of $7,372 and $793, respectively.
Mark-to-market adjustments are determined by a third party pricing model that uses quoted prices in markets that are not actively
traded and for which significant inputs are observable directly or indirectly, representing Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy
as defined by U.S. GAAP. The Company is also required to post collateral in connection with the mark-to-market adjustments based
on thresholds defined in the Currency Hedge Agreement. In addition, the Company realized currency exchange gains of $811 and $1,654
during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, associated with the exercise of a U.S. dollar/Japanese yen currency
option under the Currency Hedge Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, $2,190 of hedge collateral was posted under the agreement.
No hedge collateral was posted as of December 31, 2015. 

Net Loss Per Share   

Net loss per share is based upon the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share is equivalent to basic net loss per share
for all periods presented herein because common equivalent shares from unexercised stock options and common shares expected to
be issued under the Company s employee stock purchase plan were anti-dilutive. The calculation of diluted earnings per share
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 does not include 1,291 and 3,821, respectively, of such potential common
shares, as their impact would be anti-dilutive. The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 does not include 1,190 and 3,673, respectively, of such potential common shares, as their impact would be anti-dilutive. 

13   

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Significant Customers and Other Risks   

Significant Customers  

Prior to the SUL Agreement, the Company
relied primarily on three specialty distributors to purchase and supply the majority of RAPIVAB. These three pharmaceutical specialty
distributors accounted for greater than 90% of all RAPIVAB product sales and accounted for predominantly all of the Company s
outstanding receivables from product sales. The loss of one or more of these specialty distributors as a customer could negatively
impact the commercialization of RAPIVAB. However, the Company will utilize these specialty distributors on a limited basis subsequent
to the SUL collaboration as SUL, and other peramivir collaboration partners, will be responsible for commercial sales on a worldwide
basis. In addition, in connection with the SUL collaboration, all peramivir sales (i.e., RAPIVAB, RAPIACTA, and PERAMIFLU) will
be made by the Company s partners and the Company will be reliant on these partners to generate sales and remit cash to satisfy
receivables. 

The Company s primary source of
revenue that has an underlying cash flow stream is the reimbursement of RAPIVAB and galidesivir (formerly BCX4430) development
expenses earned under cost-plus-fixed-fee contracts with BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS. The Company relies on BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS
to reimburse predominantly all of the development costs for its galidesivir program. Accordingly, reimbursement of these expenses
represents a significant portion of the Company s collaborative and other research and development revenues. The completion
(as with the June 30, 2014 BARDA/HHS peramivir development contract) or termination of the NIAID/HHS and BARDA/HHS galidesivir
contracts could negatively impact the Company s future Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and Cash Flows. In addition,
the Company also recognizes royalty revenue from the net sales of RAPIACTA by Shionogi; however, the underlying cash flow from
these royalty payments, except for Japanese government stockpiling sales, goes directly to pay the interest, and then the principal,
on the Company s non-recourse notes payable. Payment of the interest and the ultimate repayment of principal of these notes
will be entirely funded by future royalty payments derived from net sales of RAPIACTA. Further, the Company s drug development
activities are performed by a limited group of third party vendors. If any of these vendors were unable to perform their services,
this could significantly impact the Company s ability to complete its drug development activities. 

Risks from Third Party Manufacturing
and Distribution Concentration  

The Company relies on single source manufacturers
for active pharmaceutical ingredient and finished drug product manufacturing of RAPIVAB, as well as for its other product candidates
in development. Delays in the manufacture or distribution of any product could adversely impact the commercial revenue and future
procurement stockpiling of RAPIVAB or the Company s product candidates in development. 

Credit Risk  

Cash equivalents and investments are financial
instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentration of risk to the extent recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Company deposits excess cash with major financial institutions in the United States. Balances may exceed the amount of insurance
provided on such deposits. The Company believes it has established guidelines for investment of its excess cash relative to diversification
and maturities that maintain safety and liquidity. To minimize the exposure due to adverse shifts in interest rates, the Company
maintains a portfolio of investments with an average maturity of approximately 18 months or less. Other than product sale and collaborative
partner receivables discussed above, the majority of the Company s receivables from collaborations are due from the U.S.
Government, for which there is no assumed credit risk. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2016-15:  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU
2016-15 ). The amendments in this update clarify how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on
the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The new guidance also clarifies how the predominance principle should be applied when
cash receipts and cash payments have aspects of more than one class of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 will be effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual reporting periods, but early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 

14   

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-09:  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting 
( ASU 2016-09 ). The amendments in this update simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based
payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well
as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2017, but early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-02:  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The amendments in this update require lessees,
among other things, to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified as operating
leases under previous authoritative guidance. This update also introduces new disclosure requirements for leasing arrangements.
ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2019, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-01:  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. In particular, the amendments in this update supersede, for
public business entities, the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used in calculating the fair value
of financial instruments required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. ASU
2016-01 will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2018, but early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect this
standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2015-11:  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  ( ASU 2015-11 ),
which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable
value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The update does not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in,
first-out or the retail inventory method. The update applies to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured
using first-in, first-out or average cost methods. The amendments in ASU 2015-11 will be effective for the Company for fiscal years,
and the interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments must be applied prospectively and
early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-15:  Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 )  ,  which defines management s
responsibility to evaluate, at each annual and interim reporting period, whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are
issued and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. In connection with each annual and interim period,
management must assess if there is substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern within one
year after the issuance date. Disclosures are required if conditions give rise to substantial doubt. ASU 2014-15 is effective
for all companies in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on its financial statements and disclosures.  

In May 2014, the FASB issued Standards Update
No. 2014-09:  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which provides a single, comprehensive
revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers. The core principal of this ASU is that an entity should recognize revenue
when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount,
timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in
judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In July 2015, the FASB finalized a one year
delay in the effective date of this standard, which will now be effective January 1, 2018; however, early adoption is permitted
any time after the original effective date, January 1, 2017. The Company is not electing early adoption. Companies can transition
to the new standard under the full retrospective method or the modified retrospective method. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

15   

Note 2   Stock-Based Compensation  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had two stock-based employee compensation plans, the Stock Incentive Plan ( Incentive Plan ) and the Employee Stock
Purchase Plan ( ESPP ). The Incentive Plan was amended and restated in April 2016 and approved by the Company s
stockholders in May 2016. The ESPP was amended and restated in March 2014 and approved by the Company s stockholders in May
2014. Stock-based compensation expense of $6,478 ($6,331 of expense related to the Incentive Plan and $147 of expense related to
the ESPP) was recognized during the first nine months of 2016, while $7,773 ($7,553 of expense related to the Incentive Plan and
$220 of expense related to the ESPP) was recognized during the first nine months of 2015. 

There was approximately $16,591 of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards and restricted stock unit awards granted by the Company
as of September 30, 2016. That cost is expected to be recognized as follows: $1,889 during the remainder of 2016, $6,958 in
2017, $4,700 in 2018, $2,633 in 2019 and $411 in 2020. In addition, the Company has outstanding performance-based stock options
for which no compensation expense is recognized until  performance  has occurred and the award vests. At the time of
vesting, compensation expense will be recognized. 

Stock Incentive Plan   

The Company grants stock option awards and
restricted stock unit awards to its employees, directors, and consultants under the Incentive Plan. Under the Incentive Plan, stock
option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s stock at the date of grant. Since
March 1, 2011, stock option awards granted to employees generally vest 25% each year until fully vested after four years.
In August 2013 and December 2014, the Company issued 1,032 and 1,250 performance-based stock options, respectively. These awards
vest upon successful completion of specific development milestones. As of September 30, 2016, 75% of the August 2013 grants have
vested based upon achievement of three milestones: (1) successful completion of the OPuS-1 clinical trial, for which vesting occurred
in the second quarter of 2014, (2) FDA approval of RAPIVAB for which vesting occurred in the fourth quarter of 2014, and (3) initiation
of a Phase 1 clinical trial to evaluate the safety, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of orally-administered BCX7353 in healthy
volunteers, for which vesting occurred in the second quarter of 2015. Thus, as of September 30, 2016, 25% of the August 2013 performance-based
grants and 100% of the December 2014 performance-based grants remain unvested and no compensation expense has been recognized for
these portions of the previously issued performance-based grants. Stock option awards granted to non-employee directors of the
Company generally vest monthly over one year. All stock option awards have contractual terms of 5 to 10 years. The vesting
exercise provisions of all awards granted under the Incentive Plan are subject to acceleration in the event of certain stockholder-approved
transactions, or upon the occurrence of a change in control as defined in the Incentive Plan.  

Related activity under the Incentive Plan
is as follows: 

For stock option awards granted under the
Incentive Plan during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, the fair value was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model and the assumptions noted in the table below. The weighted average grant date fair value per share of the
awards granted during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 was $2.17 and $8.15, respectively. The fair value of the stock option
awards is amortized to expense over the vesting periods using a straight-line expense attribution method. The following table summarizes
the key assumptions used by the Company to value the stock option awards granted during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015.
The expected life is based on the average of the assumption that all outstanding stock option awards will be exercised at full
vesting and the assumption that all outstanding stock option awards will be exercised at the midpoint of the current date (if already
vested) or at full vesting (if not yet vested) and the full contractual term. The expected volatility represents the historical
volatility on the Company s publicly traded common stock. The Company has assumed no expected dividend yield, as dividends
have never been paid to stock or option holders and will not be paid for the foreseeable future. The weighted average risk-free
interest rate is the implied yield currently available on zero-coupon government issues with a remaining term equal to the expected
term. 

16   

Weighted Average Assumptions for Stock
Option Awards Granted to  

  Employees and Directors under the Incentive
Plan  

Employee Stock Purchase Plan   

The Company has reserved a total of 1,475
shares of common stock to be purchased under the ESPP, of which 422 shares remain available for purchase at September 30,
2016. Eligible employees may authorize up to 15% of their salary to purchase common stock at the lower of 85% of the beginning
or 85% of the ending price during six-month purchase intervals. No more than 3 shares may be purchased by any one employee at the
six-month purchase dates and no employee may purchase stock having a fair market value at the commencement date of $25 or more
in any one calendar year. The Company issued 75 shares during the first nine months of 2016 under the ESPP. Compensation expense
for shares purchased under the ESPP related to the purchase discount and the  look-back  option were determined using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Note 3   Collaborative and Other Research and Development
Contracts  

U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services ( BARDA/HHS ).  On March 31, 2015, the Company announced that BARDA/HHS had awarded the Company a contract
for the continued development of galidesivir as a potential treatment for diseases caused by RNA pathogens, including filoviruses. This
BARDA/HHS contract includes a base contract of $16,265 to support galidesivir drug manufacturing, as well as $22,855 in additional
development options that can be exercised by the government, bringing the potential value of the contract to $39,120. As of September
30, 2016, a total of $20,574 has been awarded under exercised options within this contract. 

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases ( NIAID/HHS ).  In September 2013, NIAID/HHS contracted with the Company for the development of galidesivir
as a treatment for Marburg virus disease. NIAID/HHS, part of the National Institutes of Health, made an initial award of $5,000
to the Company. The goals of this contract, including amendments, are to file IND applications for intravenous ( i.v. )
and intramuscular ( i.m. ) galidesivir for the treatment of Marburg virus disease and other hemorrhagic fever virus
diseases, to study galidesivir as a treatment for Ebola virus disease and to conduct an initial Phase 1 human clinical trial. As of September 30, 2016, the total NIAID/HHS contract amount
to advance the program through the completion of the Phase I clinical program is $39,477. As of September 30, 2016, all options
have been exercised under this contract. 

The contracts with BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS
are cost-plus-fixed-fee contracts. That is, the Company is entitled to receive reimbursement for all costs incurred in accordance
with the contract provisions that are related to the development of galidesivir plus a fixed fee, or profit. BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS
will make periodic assessments of progress and the continuation of the contract is based on the Company s performance, the
timeliness and quality of deliverables, and other factors. The government has rights under certain contract clauses to terminate
these contracts. These contracts are terminable by the government at any time for breach or without cause. 

Seqirus UK Limited ( SUL ). 
On June 16, 2015, the Company and Seqirus UK Limited ( SUL ), a limited company organized under the laws of the United
Kingdom and a subsidiary of CSL Limited, a company organized under the laws of Australia, entered into a License Agreement (the
 SUL Agreement ) granting SUL and its affiliates worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize RAPIVAB
(peramivir injection) for the treatment of influenza except for the rights to conduct such activities in Israel, Japan, Korea and
Taiwan (the permitted geographies together constituting the  Territory ). RAPIVAB is an intravenous treatment for acute
uncomplicated influenza and is currently licensed for use in the United States, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. RAPIVAB is the first and
only intravenous influenza treatment in the world and was approved by the FDA in December 2014 for the treatment of acute uncomplicated
influenza in patients 18 years and older who have been symptomatic for no more than two days. The Company retains all rights and
associated economics to procure pandemic stockpiling orders for RAPIVAB from the U.S. Government, while SUL has the right to pursue
government stockpiling outside the U.S. 

17   

Pursuant to the SUL Agreement, RAPIVAB will
be commercialized by CSL's subsidiary, SUL, which specializes in influenza prevention through the supply of seasonal and pandemic
vaccine to global markets. SUL will manufacture, commercialize and exercise decision-making authority with respect to the development
and commercialization of RAPIVAB within the Territory and be responsible for all related costs, including sales and promotion. 

In December 2013, the Company submitted an
NDA for RAPIVAB to the FDA. Under the terms of the SUL Agreement, the Company is responsible for fulfilling all post-marketing
approval commitments in connection with the FDA's approval of the NDA, and upon fulfillment will transfer ownership of and financial
responsibility for the NDA to SUL. Pursuant to potential rights to sell RAPIVAB in Canada and the EU, the Company is also responsible
for regulatory filings and interactions with the Health Canada and the European Medicines Agency ("EMA") until marketing
approval for RAPIVAB is obtained and assigned to SUL. In January 2016, the Company submitted a New Drug Submission ( NDS )
for RAPIVAB in Canada, seeking approval for treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in adult patients. In accordance with the
SUL Agreement, the Company and SUL formed a joint steering committee, composed of an equal number of representatives from each
party, to oversee, review and coordinate the conduct and progress of the commercialization of RAPIVAB in the Territory and any
additional development.  

Under the terms of the SUL Agreement, the
Company received an upfront payment of $33,740, and may receive up to $12,000 in additional milestone payments related to the successful
achievement of regulatory milestones, including marketing approval (i) by the FDA for a pediatric indication, (ii) by the EMA for
an adult indication in the EU and (iii) by Health Canada for an adult indication in Canada. The Company is also entitled under
the SUL Agreement to receive tiered royalties at a percentage rate beginning in the mid-teens contingent upon meeting minimum thresholds
of net sales, as well as a low-thirties percentage of the gross profit from government stockpiling purchases made outside the U.S.
Specifically, the Company receives tiered royalties at a percentage rate in the mid-teens to low-forties on net sales in the U.S.
during a Contract Year (defined as July 1 - June 30) and tiered royalties at a percentage rate in the mid-teens to mid-twenties
on net sales in the Territory, other than in the U.S., during a Calendar Year, each subject to certain downward adjustments for
circumstance or events impacting the overall market opportunity. SUL's royalty payment obligations commence on the date of the
SUL Agreement and expire, on a country-by-country basis, upon the later of (i) the expiration of legal exclusivity in such country
and (ii) ten years from the date of the SUL Agreement. The Company developed RAPIVAB under a license from UAB and will owe sublicense
payments to them on any future milestone payments and/or royalties received by the Company from SUL. 

Shionogi   Co., Ltd. ( Shionogi ). 
In February 2007, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with Shionogi to develop and commercialize peramivir
in Japan for the treatment of seasonal and potentially life-threatening human influenza. Under the terms of the agreement, Shionogi
obtained rights to injectable formulations of peramivir in Japan. The Company developed peramivir under a license from UAB and
will owe sublicense payments to them on any future milestone payments and/or royalties received by the Company from Shionogi. In
October 2008, the Company and Shionogi amended the license agreement to expand the territory covered by the agreement to include
Taiwan. Shionogi has commercially launched peramivir under the commercial name RAPIACTA in Japan and Taiwan. 

Green Cross Corporation ( Green
Cross ).  In June 2006, the Company entered into an agreement with Green Cross to develop and commercialize peramivir
in Korea. Under the terms of the agreement, Green Cross will be responsible for all development, regulatory, and commercialization
costs in Korea. The license also provides that the Company will share in profits resulting from the sale of peramivir in Korea,
including the sale of peramivir to the Korean government for stockpiling purposes. Furthermore, Green Cross will pay the Company
a premium over its cost to supply peramivir for development and any future marketing of peramivir products in Korea. 

Mundipharma International Holdings Limited
( Mundipharma ).  In February 2006, the Company entered into an exclusive, royalty bearing right and license agreement
with Mundipharma for the development and commercialization of forodesine, a Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase ( PNP )
inhibitor, for use in oncology. Under the terms of the license agreement, as amended, Mundipharma obtained rights to forodesine
in markets across Europe, Asia, and Australasia in exchange for a $10,000 up-front payment. 

Albert Einstein College of Medicine of
Yeshiva University and Industrial Research, Ltd. ( AECOM  and  IRL  respectively).  In June 2000, the
Company licensed a series of potent inhibitors of PNP from AECOM and IRL, (collectively, the  Licensors ). The lead
product candidates from this collaboration are forodesine and ulodesine. The Company has obtained worldwide exclusive rights to
develop and ultimately distribute these, or any other, product candidates that might arise from research on these inhibitors. The
Company has the option to expand the Agreement to include other inventions in the field made by the investigators or employees
of the Licensors. The Company agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop these drugs. In addition, the Company has
agreed to pay certain milestone payments for each licensed product (which range in the aggregate from $1,400 to almost $4,000 per
indication) for future development of these inhibitors, single digit royalties on net sales of any resulting product made by the
Company, and to share approximately one quarter of future payments received from other third-party partners, if any. In addition,
the Company has agreed to pay annual license fees, which can range from $150 to $500, that are creditable against actual royalties
and other payments due to the Licensors. This agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time by giving 60 days advance
notice or in the event of material uncured breach by the Licensors.  

18   

In May 2010, the Company amended the licensee
agreement through which the Company obtained worldwide exclusive rights to develop and ultimately distribute any product candidates
that might arise from research on a series of PNP inhibitors, including forodesine and ulodesine. Under the terms of the amendment,
the Licensors agreed to accept a reduction of one-half in the percentage of future payments received from third-party sub licensees
of the licensed PNP inhibitors that must be paid to the Licensors. This reduction does not apply to (i) any milestone payments
the Company may receive in the future under its license agreement dated February 1, 2006 with Mundipharma and (ii) royalties
received from its sub licensees in connection with the sale of licensed products, for which the original payment rate will remain
in effect. The rate of royalty payments to the Licensors based on net sales of any resulting product made by the Company remains
unchanged.  

On June 19, 2012, the Company further amended
its agreements with AECOM/IRL whereby the parties clarified the definition of the field with respect to PNP inhibition and AECOM/IRL
agreed to exclusive worldwide license of galidesivir to BioCryst for any antiviral use.  

The University of Alabama at Birmingham
( UAB ).  The Company currently has agreements with UAB for influenza neuraminidase and complement inhibitors. Under
the terms of these agreements, UAB performed specific research for the Company in return for research payments and license fees.
UAB has granted the Company certain rights to any discoveries in these areas resulting from research developed by UAB or jointly
developed with the Company. The Company has agreed to pay single digit royalties on sales of any resulting product and to share
in future payments received from other third-party partners. The Company has completed the research under the UAB agreements. These
two agreements have initial 25-year terms, are automatically renewable for five-year terms throughout the life of the last patent
and are terminable by the Company upon three months  notice and by UAB under certain circumstances. Upon termination both
parties shall cease using the other parties  proprietary and confidential information and materials, the parties shall jointly
own joint inventions and UAB shall resume full ownership of all UAB licensed products. There is currently no activity between the
Company and UAB on these agreements, but when the Company licenses this technology, such as in the case of the Shionogi, Green
Cross and SUL agreements, or commercializes products related to these programs, the Company will owe sublicense fees or royalties
on amounts it receives. 

Note 4   Royalty Monetization  

Overview  

On March 9, 2011, the Company completed
a $30,000 financing transaction to monetize certain future royalty and milestone payments under the Shionogi Agreement, pursuant
to which Shionogi licensed from the Company the rights to market RAPIACTA in Japan and Taiwan. The Company received net proceeds
of $22,691 from the transaction after transaction costs of $4,309 and the establishment of a $3,000 interest reserve
account by Royalty Sub, available to help cover interest shortfalls in the future. All of the interest reserve account has been
fully utilized with the September 2012 interest payment.  

As part of the transaction, the Company entered
into a purchase and sale agreement dated as of March 9, 2011 with Royalty Sub, whereby the Company transferred to Royalty
Sub, among other things, (i) its rights to receive certain royalty and milestone payments from Shionogi arising under the
Shionogi Agreement, and (ii) the right to receive payments under a Japanese yen/US dollar foreign currency hedge arrangement
(as further described below, the  Currency Hedge Agreement ) put into place by the Company in connection with the transaction.
Royalty payments will be paid by Shionogi in Japanese yen and milestone payments will paid in U.S. dollars. The Company s
collaboration with Shionogi was not impacted as a result of this transaction. 

Non-Recourse Notes Payable  

On March 9, 2011, Royalty Sub completed
a private placement to institutional investors of $30,000 in aggregate principal amount of its PhaRMA Senior Secured 14.0% Notes
due 2020 (the  PhaRMA Notes ). The PhaRMA Notes were issued by Royalty Sub under an Indenture, dated as of March 9,
2011 (the  Indenture ), by and between Royalty Sub and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. Principal and interest
on the PhaRMA Notes issued are payable from, and are secured by, the rights to royalty and milestone payments under the Shionogi
Agreement transferred by the Company to Royalty Sub and payments, if any, made to Royalty Sub under the Currency Hedge Agreement.
The PhaRMA Notes bear interest at 14% per annum, payable annually in arrears on September 1st of each year. The Company
remains entitled to receive any royalties and milestone payments related to sales of peramivir by Shionogi following repayment
of the PhaRMA Notes.  

Royalty Sub s obligations to pay principal
and interest on the PhaRMA Notes are obligations solely of Royalty Sub and are without recourse to any other person, including
the Company, except to the extent of the Company s pledge of its equity interests in Royalty Sub in support of the PhaRMA
Notes. The Company may, but is not obligated to, make capital contributions to a capital account that may be used to redeem, or
on up to one occasion pay any interest shortfall on, the PhaRMA Notes. 

On September 1, 2014, Royalty Sub was unable
to pay the full amount of interest payable to avoid an event of default. Accordingly, the PhaRMA Notes and related accrued interest
have been classified as current liabilities on the balance sheet. As a result of the event of default under the PhaRMA Notes, the
holders of the PhaRMA Notes may pursue acceleration of the PhaRMA Notes, may foreclose on the collateral securing the PhaRMA Notes
and the equity interest in Royalty Sub and exercise other remedies available to them under the Indenture in respect of the PhaRMA
Notes. In such event, the Company may not realize the benefit of future royalty payments that might otherwise accrue to it following
repayment of the PhaRMA Notes and it might otherwise be adversely affected. Due to the non-recourse nature of the PhaRMA Notes,
in the event of any potential acceleration or foreclosure, the primary impact to the Company would be the loss of future royalty
payments from Shionogi and legal costs associated with retiring the PhaRMA Notes. In addition, the Company may incur costs associated
with liquidating the related Currency Hedge Agreement, which would no longer be required in the event of foreclosure, or if the
PhaRMA Notes cease to be outstanding. As the PhaRMA Notes are the obligation of Royalty Sub and non-recourse to the Company, the
event of default of the PhaRMA Notes is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s future results of operations
or cash flows. As of September 30, 2016, the PhaRMA Notes remain in default. 

19   

As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate fair
value of the PhaRMA Notes was estimated to be approximately 50% of its carrying value of $30,000. The estimated fair value of the
PhaRMA Notes is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as defined in U.S. GAAP.  

The PhaRMA Notes are redeemable at the option
of Royalty Sub at any time at a redemption price equal to the outstanding principal balance of the PhaRMA Notes being redeemed
plus accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date on the PhaRMA Notes being redeemed. 

Foreign Currency Hedge  

In connection with the issuance by Royalty
Sub of the PhaRMA Notes, the Company entered into a Currency Hedge Agreement to hedge certain risks associated with changes in
the value of the Japanese yen relative to the U.S. dollar. Under the Currency Hedge Agreement, the Company has the right to purchase
dollars and sell yen at a rate of 100 yen per dollar for which the Company may be required to pay a premium in each year from 2017
through 2020, provided the Currency Hedge Agreement remains in effect. A payment of $1,950 will be required if, on May 18
of the relevant year, the U.S. dollar is worth 100 yen or less as determined in accordance with the Currency Hedge Agreement. 

The Currency Hedge Agreement does not qualify
for hedge accounting treatment; therefore, mark-to-market adjustments are recognized in the Company s Consolidated Statement
of Comprehensive Loss. Cumulative mark-to-market adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 resulted
in losses of $7,372 and $793, respectively. The Company is also required to post collateral in connection with the mark-to-market
adjustments based on defined thresholds. As of September 30, 2016, $2,190 of hedge collateral was posted under the Currency Hedge
Agreement. The Company will not be required to post collateral exceeding the maximum premium payments remaining payable under the
Currency Hedge Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the maximum amount of hedge collateral the Company may be required to post
is $7,800. 

Note 5   Senior Credit Facility  

On
September 23, 2016, the Company closed a $23,000 Senior Credit Facility with an affiliate of MidCap Financial Services, LLC
( MidCap ), as administrative agent (the  Senior Credit Facility ). The Senior Credit Facility was
fully funded at closing and bears a variable interest rate of LIBOR (which shall not be less than 0.5%)   plus
8%. The Senior Credit Facility includes an interest-only payment period through fiscal 2017 and scheduled monthly principal
and interest payments for the subsequent 40 months. The Company has the option to repay the Senior Credit Facility at any
time prior to the scheduled principal repayment date subject to prepayment fees. Final payment of the Senior Credit Facility
is subject to a final payment fee equal to 5% of the principal funded under the Senior Credit Facility.   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had borrowings of $23,000 under the Senior Credit Facility bearing an interest rate of 8.5%. The carrying amount of the debt  approximates its fair value based on prevailing interest rates as of the balance sheet date. Scheduled principal repayments
of the Senior Credit Facility are as follows: 

The debt agreement contains two provisions that if deemed probable
would create the recognition of an embedded feature; however, at this time we do not believe either provision is probable. 

Note 6   Stockholders  Equity  

On March 3, 2015, the Company filed a $150,000
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. This shelf registration statement, as amended by a post-effective amendment
filed on February 26, 2016 and declared effective on April 18, 2016, allows the Company to sell securities, including common stock,
preferred stock, depository shares, stock purchase contracts, warrants and units, from time to time at prices and on terms to be
determined at the time of sale. 

20   

Item 2.     Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
statements of a forward-looking nature relating to future events or the future financial performance of BioCryst. Such statements
are only predictions and the actual events or results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, as well
as those discussed in other filings made by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. See  Information Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.   

Cautionary Statement  

The discussion herein contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the
 safe harbor  created in Section 21E. Forward looking statements regarding our financial condition and our results
of operations that are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted within the United States ( U.S. GAAP ), as well as projections for the future. The preparation
of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an
ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. The results of our estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment
that involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond our control. We are subject to risks common to biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
companies, including risks inherent in our drug discovery, drug development and commercialization efforts, clinical trials, uncertainty
of regulatory actions and marketing approvals, reliance on collaborative partners, enforcement of patent and proprietary rights,
the need for future capital, competition associated with products, potential competition associated with our product candidates
and retention of key employees. In order for any of our product candidates to be commercialized, it will be necessary for us, or
our collaborative partners, to conduct clinical trials, demonstrate efficacy and safety of the product candidate to the satisfaction
of regulatory authorities, obtain marketing approval, enter into manufacturing, distribution and marketing arrangements, and obtain
market acceptance and adequate reimbursement from government and private insurers. We cannot provide assurance that we will generate
significant revenues or achieve and sustain profitability in the future. In addition, we can provide no assurance that we will
have sufficient funding to meet our future capital requirements. Statements contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report which are not historical facts are, or may constitute,
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from expected results. The most significant known risks are discussed in the section entitled  Risk Factors. 
Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 

Our revenues are difficult to predict and
depend on numerous factors, including the prevalence and severity of influenza in regions for which peramivir has received regulatory
approval, seasonality of influenza, ongoing discussions with government agencies regarding future peramivir and/or galidesivir
development and stockpiling procurement, as well as entering into, or modifying, licensing agreements for our product candidates.
Furthermore, revenues related to our collaborative development activities are dependent upon the progress toward and the achievement
of developmental milestones by us or our collaborative partners. 

Our operating expenses are also difficult
to predict and depend on several factors, including research and development expenses (and whether these expenses are reimbursable
under government contracts), drug manufacturing, and clinical research activities, the ongoing requirements of our development
programs, and the availability of capital and direction from regulatory agencies, which are difficult to predict. Management may
be able to control the timing and level of research and development and general and administrative expenses, but many of these
expenditures will occur irrespective of our actions due to contractually committed activities and/or payments. 

As a result of these factors, we believe
that period to period comparisons are not necessarily meaningful and you should not rely on them as an indication of future performance.
Due to all of the foregoing factors, it is possible that our operating results will be below the expectations of market analysts
and investors. In such event, the prevailing market price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. 

Overview   

We are a biotechnology company that designs,
optimizes and develops novel small molecule drugs that block key enzymes involved in the pathogenesis of diseases. We focus on
the treatment of rare diseases in which significant unmet medical needs exist and align with our capabilities and expertise. We
integrate the disciplines of biology, crystallography, medicinal chemistry and computer modeling to discover and develop small
molecule pharmaceuticals through the process known as structure-guided drug design. 

21   

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

The accompanying discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements and the related disclosures,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates, judgments and the policies underlying these estimates on a periodic
basis, as situations change, and regularly discuss financial events, policies, and issues with members of our audit committee and
our independent registered public accounting firm. We routinely evaluate our estimates and policies regarding revenue recognition,
administration, inventory and manufacturing, taxes, stock-based compensation, research and development, consulting and other expenses
and any associated liabilities. 

Recent Corporate Highlights  

RAPIVAB/RAPIACTA/PERAMIFLU (peramivir
injection)   

Peramivir (i.e., product sold under the RAPIVAB,
RAPIACTA, and PERAMIFLU trade names) is approved for commercial sale in the United States, Japan, Taiwan and Korea. We receive
royalty revenue from commercial and governmental sales of the product from our partners except for U.S. Government stockpiling
sales for which we remain directly responsible, In the third quarter of 2016, our Japanese partner, Shionogi, sold a relatively
large stockpiling order to the Japanese government in advance of the 2016/2017 influenza season for which we recorded $3.5 million
of net royalties. Proceeds from these stockpiling sales to the Japanese Government are available to us for general corporate use
and are not dedicated to satisfying non-recourse obligations under the PhaRMA Notes. 

BCX7353  

In January 2015, we selected BCX7353 to advance
into Phase 1 development as a once-daily, oral prophylactic hereditary angioedema ( HAE ) treatment. In October 2015,
we successfully completed a Phase 1 clinical trial of BCX7353 in Western and Japanese healthy volunteers. In August 2016, we initiated
a Phase 2 trial ( APeX-1 ) to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and efficacy of
BCX7353 for prophylaxis of angioedema attacks in patients with HAE in Canada and several European countries. 

APeX-1 is a two-part, Phase 2, randomized,
double-blind, placebo-controlled proof of concept and dose ranging trial studying BCX7353 as a preventative treatment to eliminate
or reduce the frequency of angioedema attacks in HAE patients. Up to a total of approximately 50 eligible subjects with HAE will
be enrolled in the trial. 

In Part 1 of APeX-1, up to 36 subjects
with HAE will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive an oral dose of either 350 mg of BCX7353 once daily or placebo once daily
for four weeks. An interim analysis will be conducted after the first 24 subjects have completed treatment through study day 28.
If a robust treatment effect is observed at the interim analysis, Part 2 of the study will be initiated. In the event the treatment
effect is not well characterized with 24 subjects, a total of up to approximately 36 subjects may be enrolled in part 1 under the
existing protocol. The sample size in Part 1 was kept flexible to cover a range of response options. To characterize dose-response
in part 2 of APeX-1, 14 additional subjects with HAE will be randomized to 250 mg of BCX7353 once daily (n=6), 125 mg of BCX7353
once daily (n=6) or placebo (n=2). 

The primary efficacy endpoint of APeX-1 is
the number of angioedema attacks; attack rate per week, counts of attacks, proportion of subjects with no attacks, and number of
attack-free days. Secondary efficacy endpoints include severity and duration of angioedema attacks, and measures of health-related
quality of life. Safety will be characterized through evaluation of adverse events and laboratory testing.      

Galidesivir (formerly BCX4430)   

On March 7, 2016, results from a preclinical
study of our antiviral galidesivir in interferon-receptor-deficient mice infected with Zika virus were presented at a World Health
Organization (WHO) conference in Geneva, Switzerland. The primary goal of the study was to assess the effect of galidesivir treatment
on survival through Day 28 in interferon-receptor-deficient mice infected with the Zika virus. Galidesivir was administered by
i.m. injection twice a day beginning four hours prior to virus challenge and continuing for eight days; two dose levels were tested.
In the standard dose galidesivir group, 7 of 8 mice survived through Day 28. In the low dose galidesivir group (n=8), and in control
groups administered vehicle placebo (n=8) or ribavirin at two dose levels (n=16); no animals survived to Day 28. Overall survival
for the standard dose level of galidesivir was superior to both the placebo and the ribavirin treatment control groups (p  
0.0001). For both dose levels of galidesivir, median survival was superior to both control groups ( 28 days for galidesivir
standard dose and 23 days for low dose) compared to 14 to 17 days for controls. 

22   

Additional studies of galidesivir in the
same mouse model were conducted at Utah State University. In one study, surviving mice that were previously treated with the standard
dose of galidesivir after initial Zika virus challenge, were re-challenged with the Zika virus on Day 28, without additional galidesivir
treatment. All the re-challenged mice survived through day 56 with no disease signs observed, indicating the development of effective
immune responses. A further experiment using the same AG129 mouse model tested the delayed treatment with galidesivir after viral
challenge. Groups of mice received galidesivir 150 mg/kg twice-daily by i.m. injection starting on days 1, 3, 5, or 7 post infection,
or vehicle (control group). All galidesivir treated groups showed a statistically significant survival benefit compared to vehicle
controls. 

On October 29,
2016, galidesivir nonclinical results from a Zika virus infection model were presented in a late-breaker scientific session
at IDWeek by Dr. James B. Whitney, PhD, Assistant Professor of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, and Principal Investigator
in the Center for Virology and Vaccine Research at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston. Three groups of five
healthy animals were inoculated with a Puerto Rico strain of Zika virus and administered either galidesivir by i.m. injection
200 mg/kg loading dose followed by 25 mg/kg BID for  nine days, galidesivir single dose of 200 mg/kg, or vehicle control.
Both galidesivir groups showed reduction in the proportion of animals viremic and in the amount of virus shed of into
cerebrospinal fluid, saliva and urine. Galidesivir dosing in rhesus macaques was well-tolerated and offered significant protection
against Zika virus infection. In a follow-on experiment, the same animals were rechallenged with a Thai strain of Zika virus,
72 days after initial inoculation. All animals demonstrated immune responses, and the initial treatments with galidesivir did
not impair the generation of immunity. 

Results of Operations (three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015)  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, total revenues were $7.8 million as compared to $11.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease
in revenue in the third quarter of 2016, as compared to 2015, resulted primarily from lower product revenue associated with the
SUL agreement as well as lower collaborative revenue associated with galidesivir development in the third quarter of 2016, partially
offset by higher royalty revenues from Shionogi   Co. during the third quarter of 2016. Revenues in the third quarter of 2016
included $3.5 million of royalty revenue from Shionogi and Green Cross associated with sales of peramivir in the Japan, Korea and
Taiwan, $3.8 million of reimbursement of collaborative expenses from NIAID/HHS and BARDA/HHS related to the development of galidesivir,
and $0.4 million associated with collaborative revenue amortization from other corporate partnerships. Revenues in the third quarter
of 2015 included $5.7 million of RAPIVAB product revenue and $0.2 million of collaborative revenue related to the SUL out-licensing
transaction, $0.1 million of royalty revenue from Shionogi and Green Cross associated with sales of peramivir in Japan and Korea,
$4.6 million of reimbursement of collaborative expenses from NIAID/HHS and BARDA/HHS related to the development of galidesivir
and $0.3 million associated with collaborative revenue amortization from other corporate partnerships. 

Research and development ( R D )
expenses decreased to $14.1 million for the third quarter of 2016 from $20.1 million in 2015. The decrease in 2016 R D expenses,
as compared to 2015, was primarily due to the discontinuation of avoralstat development in 2016. 

General and administrative ( G A )
expenses were $2.8 million for the third quarter of 2016 and consistent with $2.7 million in 2015. With the completion
of the SUL transaction we do not anticipate incurring substantial commercial expenses to promote RAPIVAB in the future. 

Interest expense, which is primarily related
to the non-recourse notes issued in conjunction with the non-dilutive RAPIACTA royalty monetization transaction in March 2011,
was $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared to $1.2 million in the third quarter of 2015. 

A mark-to-market loss of $0.9 million was
also recognized in the third quarter of 2016 related to our foreign currency hedge, compared to a mark-to-market loss of $0.5 million
in the same quarter in the prior year, both resulting from changes in the U.S. dollar/Japanese yen exchange rate in the related
time periods. In addition, we realized a currency exchange gain of $0.1 million in the third quarter of 2015 related to the exercise
of a U.S. dollar/Japanese yen currency option under our foreign currency hedge. 

Results of Operations (nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015)  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
total revenues were $17.4 million as compared to $43.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in 2016
revenue was primarily due to recognizing $21.7 million associated with an upfront payment from the SUL transaction in the first
nine months of 2015, no longer recording product sales in 2016 associated with the SUL out-licensing transaction and a decrease
in collaborative revenue associated with galidesivir development. Revenues in the first nine months of 2016 included $6.0 million
of royalty revenue from SUL, Shionogi and Green Cross associated with sales of peramivir in the United States, Japan,  Korea
and Taiwan, $6.9 million of reimbursement of collaborative expenses from NIAID/HHS and BARDA/HHS related to the development of
galidesivir, $2.9 million of reimbursement of collaborative expenses from BARDA/HHS related to the development of RAPIVAB and $1.5
million associated with collaborative revenue amortization from other corporate partnerships. Revenues in the first nine months
of 2015 included $5.7 million of RAPIVAB product revenue and $21.7 million of collaborative revenue related to the SUL Agreement,
$1.8 million of royalty revenue from Shionogi and Green Cross associated with sales of peramivir in Japan and Korea, $12.8 million
of reimbursement of collaborative expenses from NIAID/HHS and BARDA/HHS related to the development of galidesivir and $0.9 million
associated with collaborative revenue amortization from other corporate partnerships. In addition, we recorded approximately $0.6
million of RAPIVAB revenue under the  Sell-Through  revenue recognition methodology. 

23   

R D expenses decreased to $48.9 million
for the first nine months of 2016 from $53.7 million in 2015. The decrease in 2016 R D expenses, as compared to 2015, reflects
the discontinuation of avoralstat development, as well as reduced spending on our galidesivir program. 

The following table summarizes our R D
expenses for the periods indicated (amounts are in thousands). 

G A expenses decreased to $8.7 million
for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to $10.3 million in 2015. The decrease of $1.6 million was primarily due to
lower unrestricted grants awarded to HAE patient advocacy groups, as well as a general reduction of administrative expenses in
2016.  

Interest expense, which is primarily related
to the non-recourse notes issued in conjunction with the non-dilutive RAPIACTA royalty monetization transaction in March 2011,
was $4.4 million in the first nine months of 2016, compared to $3.9 million in the first nine months of 2015. 

A mark-to-market loss of $7.4 million was
recognized in the first nine months of 2016 related to our foreign currency hedge, compared to a mark-to-market loss of $0.8 million
in the same period in the prior year, both resulting from changes in the U.S. dollar/Japanese yen exchange rate in the related
time periods. In addition, we realized currency exchange gains of $0.8 million and $1.6 million, respectively, in the first nine
months of 2016 and 2015 related to the exercise of a U.S. dollar/Japanese yen currency option under our foreign currency hedge. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Cash expenditures have exceeded revenues
since our inception and we expect our 2016 operating expenses to exceed our 2016 revenues. Our operations have principally been
funded through public offerings and private placements of equity securities; cash from collaborative and other research and development
agreements, including U.S. Government contracts for RAPIVAB and galidesivir; and to a lesser extent, the PhaRMA Notes financing
and Senior Credit Facility with an affiliate of MidCap Financial Services, LLC ( MidCap ), as administrative agent
(the  Senior Credit Facility ). To date, we have been awarded a BARDA/HHS RAPIVAB development contract totaling $234.8
million, which expired on June 30, 2014, a NIAID/HHS galidesivir development contract totaling $39.5 million, which is ongoing,
and a BARDA/HHS galidesivir development contract totaling $39.1 million, which is also ongoing. The total amount of NIAID/HHS and
BARDA/HHS funding obligated under awarded options in the active contracts is $39.5 million and $20.6 million, respectively.
We may issue securities through private placement transactions or registered public offerings pursuant to a registration statement
filed with the SEC. In addition to the above, we have received funding from other sources, including other collaborative and other
research and development agreements; government grants; equipment lease financing; facility leases; research grants; and interest
income on our investments. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had net working
capital of $13.1 million, an increase of approximately $11.6 million from $1.5 million at December 31, 2015. The increase
in working capital was principally due to proceeds from the Senior Credit Facility offset by our normal operating expenses associated
with the development of our product candidates. Our principal sources of liquidity at September 30, 2016 were approximately
$35.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $31.8 million in investments considered available-for-sale. We anticipate
our cash and investments will fund our operations into 2018. 

24   

We intend to contain costs and cash flow
requirements by closely managing our third party costs and headcount, leasing scientific equipment and facilities, contracting
with other parties to conduct certain research and development projects and using consultants. We expect to incur additional expenses,
potentially resulting in significant losses, as we continue to pursue our research and development activities and begin to build
a commercial infrastructure. We may incur additional expenses related to the filing, prosecution, maintenance, defense and enforcement
of patent and other intellectual property claims and additional regulatory costs as our clinical programs advance through later
stages of development. The objective of our investment policy is to ensure the safety and preservation of invested funds, as well
as maintaining liquidity sufficient to meet cash flow requirements. We place our excess cash with high credit quality financial
institutions, commercial companies, and government agencies in order to limit the amount of our credit exposure. We have not realized
any significant losses on our investments.  

We extended and executed additional lease
obligations in 2015 for our Birmingham, Alabama operations, which increased the obligations by $5.6 million and extended the new
obligations out to 2027. These operating lease obligations encompass future rental obligations of our Birmingham operating facilities. 

We plan to finance our needs principally
from the following: 

lease or loan financing and future public or private equity financing;   

our existing capital resources and interest earned on that capital;   

payments under existing and executing new contracts with the U.S. Government; and   

payments under collaborative and licensing agreements with corporate partners.   

As our programs continue to advance, our
costs will increase. Our current and planned clinical trials, plus the related development, manufacturing, regulatory approval
process requirements and additional personnel resources and testing required for the continuing development of our product candidates
will consume significant capital resources and will increase our expenses. Our expenses, revenues and cash utilization rate could
vary significantly depending on many factors, including our ability to raise additional capital, the development progress of our
collaborative agreements for our product candidates, the amount and timing of funding we receive from existing U.S. Government
contracts for galidesivir, the amount of funding or assistance, if any, we receive from new U.S. Government contracts or other
new partnerships with third parties for the development and or commercialization of our product candidates, the progress and results
of our current and proposed clinical trials for our most advanced product candidates, the progress made in the manufacturing of
our lead product candidates and the progression of our other programs. 

With the funds available at September 30,
2016, we believe these resources will be sufficient to fund our operations into 2018. Our future liquidity needs, and ability to
address those needs, will largely be determined by the success of our product candidates and key development and regulatory events
in the future. In order to continue our operations substantially beyond 2017, we will need to: (1) successfully secure or
increase U.S. Government funding of our programs, including procurement contracts; (2) out-license rights to certain of our
products or product candidates, pursuant to which we would receive cash milestones; (3) raise additional capital through equity
or debt financings or from other sources; (4) obtain additional product candidate regulatory approvals, which would generate
revenue and cash flow; (5) reduce spending on one or more research and development programs; and/or (6) restructure operations.
We may issue securities through private placement transactions or registered public offerings pursuant to a registration statement
filed with the SEC. 

Our long-term capital requirements and the
adequacy of our available funds will depend upon many factors, including: 

our ability to perform under our government contracts and receive reimbursement, and receive stockpiling procurement contracts;  

the magnitude of work under our government contracts;  

the progress and magnitude of our research, drug discovery and development programs;  

changes in existing collaborative relationships or government contracts;  

our ability to establish additional collaborative relationships with academic institutions, biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies and governmental agencies or other third parties;  

the extent to which our partners, including governmental agencies, will share in the costs associated with the development of our programs or run the development programs themselves;  

25   

our ability to negotiate favorable development and marketing strategic alliances for certain product candidates or a decision to build or expand internal development and commercial capabilities;  

successful commercialization of marketed products by either us or a partner;  

the scope and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials to identify and develop product candidates;  

our ability to engage sites and enroll subjects in our clinical trials;   

the scope of manufacturing of our product candidates to support our preclinical research and clinical trials;   

increases in personnel and related costs to support the development and commercialization of our product candidates;   

the scope of manufacturing of our drug substance and product candidates required for future NDA filings;   

competitive and technological advances;   

the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals;    

post-approval commitments for RAPIVAB and other products that receive regulatory approval; and   

the costs involved in all aspects of intellectual property strategy and protection including the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims.   

We expect that we will be required to raise
additional capital to complete the development and commercialization of our current product candidates and we may seek to raise
capital in the future. Additional funding, whether through additional sales of equity or debt securities, collaborative or other
arrangements with corporate partners or from other sources, including governmental agencies in general and existing government
contracts specifically, may not be available when needed or on terms acceptable to us. The issuance of preferred or common stock
or convertible securities, with terms and prices significantly more favorable than those of the currently outstanding common stock,
could have the effect of diluting or adversely affecting the holdings or rights of our existing stockholders. In addition, collaborative
arrangements may require us to transfer certain material rights to such corporate partners. Insufficient funds may require us to
delay, scale back or eliminate certain of our research and development programs. Our future working capital requirements, including
the need for additional working capital, will be largely determined by the advancement of our portfolio of product candidates as
well as rate of reimbursement by U.S. Government agencies of our galidesivir expenses and any future decisions regarding the future
of the RAPIVAB and galidesivir programs, including those relating to stockpiling procurement. More specifically, our working capital
requirements will be dependent on the number, magnitude, scope and timing of our development programs; regulatory approval of our
product candidates; obtaining funding from collaborative partners; the cost, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews, regulatory
investigations, and changes in regulatory requirements; the costs of obtaining patent protection for our product candidates; the
timing and terms of business development activities; the rate of technological advances relevant to our operations; the efficiency
of manufacturing processes developed on our behalf by third parties; and the level of required administrative support for our daily
operations.  

Financial Outlook for 2016  

Based upon our development plans, expected
operations and our awarded government contracts, we expect 2016 operating cash usage to be in the range of $55 to $75 million,
and expect our total 2016 operating expenses to be in the range of $68 to $80 million. Our operating expense range excludes equity-based
compensation expense due to the difficulty in accurately projecting this expense as it is significantly impacted by the volatility
and price of the Company s stock, as well as vesting of the Company s outstanding performance-based stock options.
Our operating cash forecast excludes any impact of our royalty monetization, hedge collateral posted or returned, and any other
non-routine cash outflows or inflows. Our ability to remain within our operating expense and operating cash target ranges is subject
to multiple factors, including unanticipated or additional general development and administrative costs and other factors described
under the Risk Factors located elsewhere in this report. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, we do not have
any unconsolidated entities or off balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

We have established various accounting policies
that govern the application of U.S. GAAP, which were utilized in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Certain
accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management that have a material impact on the carrying value
of certain assets and liabilities. Management considers such accounting policies to be critical accounting policies. The judgments
and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions made by management, actual results could differ from
these judgments and estimates, which could have a material impact on the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the results
of operations. 

26   

While our significant accounting policies
are more fully described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in
fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results and affect the more significant judgments and estimates that
we use in the preparation of our financial statements.  

Inventory   

Our inventories consist of RAPIVAB finished
goods and work in process, which are valued at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out (i.e., FIFO) method. Cost
includes materials, labor, overhead, shipping and handling costs. Our inventories are subject to expiration dating. We regularly
evaluate the carrying value of our inventories and provide valuation reserves for any estimated obsolete, short-dated or unmarketable
inventories. In addition, we may experience spoilage of our raw materials and supplies. Our determination that a valuation reserve
might be required, in addition to the quantification of such reserve, requires us to utilize significant judgment. In connection
with the FDA approval of RAPIVAB in December 2014, we began capitalizing costs associated with the production of RAPIVAB commercial
inventories. 

Accrued Expenses   

We enter into contractual agreements with
third-party vendors who provide research and development, manufacturing, and other services in the ordinary course of business.
Some of these contracts are subject to milestone-based invoicing and services are completed over an extended period of time. We
record liabilities under these contractual commitments when an obligation has been incurred. This accrual process involves reviewing
open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our applicable personnel to identify services that have been performed and
estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual
cost. The majority of our service providers invoice us monthly in arrears for services performed. We make estimates of our accrued
expenses as of each balance sheet date based on the facts and circumstances known to us. We periodically confirm the accuracy of
our estimates with the service providers and make adjustments if necessary. Examples of estimated accrued expenses include: 

fees paid to Clinical Research Organizations ( CROs ) in connection with preclinical and toxicology studies and clinical trials;  

fees paid to investigative sites in connection with clinical trials;  

fees paid to contract manufacturers in connection with the production of our raw materials, drug substance and product candidates; and  

professional fees.   

We base our expenses related to clinical
trials on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple research institutions
and CROs that conduct and manage clinical trials on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation,
vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. Payments under some of these contracts depend on factors
such as the successful enrollment of patients and the completion of clinical trial milestones. In accruing service fees, we estimate
the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort expended in each period. If the actual timing of
the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we will adjust the accrual accordingly. If we do not
identify costs that we have begun to incur or if we underestimate or overestimate the level of these costs, our actual expenses
could differ from our estimates. 

Revenue Recognition   

We recognize revenues from collaborative
and other research and development arrangements and product sales. Revenue is realized or realizable and earned when all of the
following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred or services
have been rendered; (iii) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is
reasonably assured. 

Collaborative and Other Research and Development
Arrangements and Royalties  

Revenue from license fees, royalty payments,
event payments, and research and development fees are recognized as revenue when the earnings process is complete and we have no
further continuing performance obligations or we have completed the performance obligations under the terms of the agreement. Fees
received under licensing agreements that are related to future performance are deferred and recognized over an estimated period
determined by management based on the terms of the agreement and the products licensed. In the event a license agreement contains
multiple deliverables, we evaluate whether the deliverables are separate or combined units of accounting. Revisions to revenue
or profit estimates as a result of changes in the estimated revenue period are recognized prospectively.   

27   

Under certain of our license agreements,
we receive royalty payments based upon our licensees  net sales of covered products. We recognize royalty revenues when we
can reliably estimate such amounts and collectability is reasonably assured. Royalty revenue paid by Shionogi on their product
sales is subject to returns. 

For arrangements that involve the delivery
of more than one element, each product, service and/or right to use assets is evaluated to determine whether it qualifies as a
separate unit of accounting. This determination is based on whether the deliverable has  stand-alone value  to the
customer. The consideration that is fixed or determinable is then allocated to each separate unit of accounting based on the relative
selling price of each deliverable. The estimated selling price of each deliverable is determined using the following hierarchy
of values: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value, (ii) third-party evidence of selling price ( TPE )
and (iii) best estimate of selling price ( BESP ). The BESP reflects our best estimate of what the selling price would
be if the deliverable was regularly sold by us on a stand-alone basis. In most cases we expect to use TPE or BESP for allocating
consideration to each deliverable. The consideration allocated to each unit of accounting is recognized as the related goods or
services are delivered, limited to the consideration that is not contingent upon future deliverables. Analyzing the arrangement
to identify deliverables requires the use of judgment, and each deliverable may be an obligation to deliver services, a right or
license to use an asset, or another performance obligation. 

In June 2015, we entered into a License Agreement
(the "SUL Agreement") granting SUL and its affiliates worldwide rights, excluding Israel, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, to
develop, manufacture and commercialize RAPIVAB. The SUL Agreement provides for various types of payments, including a non-refundable
upfront fee, milestone payments, and future royalties. Analysis of the SUL Agreement identified three deliverables: (i) license
rights, (ii) inventory and (iii) regulatory support to obtain Canadian and EU marketing approvals. We received an upfront payment
of $33.7 million from SUL of which $7.0 million was determined to be contingent upon EU marketing approval and will be deferred
until that time. Approximately $21.7 million of the upfront payment was allocated to the license rights and recognized as revenue
in the second quarter. Approximately $3.7 million of the upfront payment was allocated to the sale of inventory and was recognized
in the third quarter when the inventory transfer was completed. Approximately $1.2 million of the revenue from the SUL Agreement
will be recognized ratably over the expected period of involvement in these regulatory support activities.  

Milestone payments are recognized as licensing
revenue upon the achievement of specified milestones if (i) the milestone is substantive in nature and the achievement of the milestone
was not reasonably assured at the inception of the SUL Agreement; and (ii) the fees are non-refundable. Any milestone payments
received prior to satisfying these revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue.  

Under the terms of the SUL Agreement, we
may receive up to $12.0 million in additional payments related to the successful achievement of regulatory milestones, including
marketing approval (i) by the FDA for a pediatric indication, (ii) by the EMA for an adult indication in the EU and (iii) by Health
Canada for an adult indication in Canada. We evaluated each event based payment under the provisions of ASU 2010-17,  Milestone
Method of Revenue Recognition , and determined that each event based payment met the criteria to be considered substantive
and represents a milestone under the milestone method of accounting. No event based payments were achieved during the periods presented.  

Reimbursements received for direct out-of-pocket
expenses related to research and development costs are recorded as revenue in the income statement rather than as a reduction in
expenses. Under our contracts with BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS, revenue is recognized as reimbursable direct and indirect costs are
incurred. 

Product Sales  

We recognize revenue for sales of RAPIVAB
when title and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer, which generally occurs on
the date of shipment from our specialty distributors, utilizing the Sell-Through revenue recognition methodology. Product sales
are recognized when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, title has passed, the price was fixed and determinable,
and collectability is reasonably assured. Product sales are recognized net of estimated allowances, discounts, sales returns, chargebacks
and rebates. In the United States, prior to completion of the SUL transaction, we sold RAPIVAB to specialty distributors, who,
in turn, sell to physician offices, hospitals and federal, state and commercial health care organizations. With the completion
of the SUL worldwide license of RAPIVAB, SUL will be responsible for sales of RAPIVAB, other than U.S. Government stockpiling sales.
With the completion of the SUL collaboration, all peramivir sales (i.e., RAPIVAB, RAPIACTA, and PERAMIFLU) will be made by the
Company s partners, except for U.S. Government stockpiling sales, and the Company will be reliant on these partners to generate
sales and provide for sales discounts and rebates. 

28   

Sales deductions consist of statutory rebates
to state Medicaid, Medicare and other government agencies and sales discounts (including trade discounts and distribution service
fees). These deductions are recorded as reductions to revenue from RAPIVAB in the same period as the related sales with estimates
of future utilization derived from historical experience adjusted to reflect known changes in the factors that impact such reserves. 

We utilize data from external sources to
help estimate gross-to-net sales adjustments as they relate to the recognition of revenue for RAPIVAB sold. External sourced data
includes, but is not limited to, information obtained from specialty distributors with respect to their inventory levels and sell-through
to customers, and information from third-party suppliers of market research data to the pharmaceutical industry. 

We have categorized and described more
fully the following significant sales deductions, all of which involve estimates and judgments, which we consider to be critical
accounting estimates, and requires us to use information from external sources.  

Rebates and Chargebacks  

Statutory rebates to state Medicaid agencies
and Medicare are based on statutory discounts to RAPIVAB s selling price. As it can take up to nine months or more for
information to be received on actual usage of RAPIVAB in Medicaid and other governmental programs, we maintain reserves for amounts
payable under these programs relating to RAPIVAB sales. 

Chargebacks claimed by specialty distributors
are based on the differentials between product acquisition prices paid by the specialty distributors and lower government contract
pricing paid by eligible customers covered under federally qualified programs. 

The amount of the reserve for rebates and
chargebacks is based on multiple qualitative and quantitative factors, including the historical and projected utilization levels,
historical payment experience, changes in statutory laws and interpretations as well as contractual terms, product pricing (both
normal selling prices and statutory or negotiated prices), changes in prescription demand patterns and utilization of our product
through public benefit plans, and the levels of RAPIVAB inventory in the distribution channel. We acquire prescription utilization
data from third-party suppliers of market research data to the pharmaceutical industry. We update our estimates and assumptions
each period and record any necessary adjustments to reserves. Settlements of rebates and chargebacks typically occur within nine
months from point of sale. To the extent actual rebates and chargebacks differ from our estimates, additional reserves may be required
or reserves may need to be reversed, either of which would impact current period product revenue.  

Discounts and Sales Incentives  

Discounts and other sales incentives primarily
consist of Inventory Management Agreement ( IMA ) fees. Per contractual agreements with our specialty distributors,
we provide an IMA fee based on a percentage of their purchases of RAPIVAB. The IMA fee rates are set forth in our individual contracts.
We track sales to our specialty distributors each period and accrue a liability relating to the unpaid portion of these fees by
applying contractual rates to such sales.  

Product Returns  

We do not record a product return allowance
as we do not offer the ability to return goods once a bona fide shipment has been accepted by a specialty distributor. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Our research and development costs are charged
to expense when incurred. Advance payments for goods or services that will be used or rendered for future research and development
activities are deferred and capitalized. Such amounts are recognized as expense when the related goods are delivered or the related
services are performed. Research and development expenses include, among other items, personnel costs, including salaries and benefits,
manufacturing costs, clinical, regulatory, and toxicology services performed by CROs, materials and supplies, and overhead allocations
consisting of various administrative and facilities related costs. Most of our manufacturing and clinical and preclinical studies
are performed by third-party CROs. Costs for studies performed by CROs are accrued by us over the service periods specified in
the contracts and estimates are adjusted, if required, based upon our on-going review of the level of services actually performed. 

Additionally, we have license agreements
with third parties, such as AECOM, IRL, and UAB, which require fees related to sublicense agreements or maintenance fees. We expense
sublicense payments as incurred unless they are related to revenues that have been deferred, in which case the expenses are deferred
and recognized over the related revenue recognition period. We expense maintenance payments as incurred.  

Deferred collaboration expenses represent
sub-license payments paid to our academic partners upon receipt of consideration from various commercial partners, and other consideration
to our academic partners for modification to existing license agreements. These deferred expenses would not have been incurred
without receipt of such payments or modifications from our commercial partners and are being expensed in proportion to the related
revenue being recognized. We believe that this accounting treatment appropriately matches expenses with the associated revenue. 

29   

We group our R D expenses into two major
categories: direct external expenses and indirect expenses. Direct expenses consist of compensation for R D personnel and costs
of outside parties to conduct laboratory studies, develop manufacturing processes and manufacture the product candidate, conduct
and manage clinical trials, as well as other costs related to our clinical and preclinical studies. These costs are accumulated
and tracked by active program. Indirect expenses consist of lab supplies and services, facility expenses, depreciation of development
equipment and other overhead of our research and development efforts. These costs apply to work on non-active product candidates
and our discovery research efforts. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

All share-based payments, including grants
of stock option awards and restricted stock unit awards, are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss based
on their fair values. Stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is
recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. Determining the appropriate fair
value model and the related assumptions for the model requires judgment, including estimating the life of an award, the stock price
volatility, and the expected term. We utilize the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value our awards and recognize compensation
expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting periods. The estimation of share-based payment awards that will ultimately vest
requires judgment, and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from our current estimates, such amounts will be
recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. In addition, we have outstanding performance-based stock
options for which no compensation expense is recognized until  performance  has occurred. Significant management judgment
is also required in determining estimates of future stock price volatility and forfeitures to be used in the valuation of the options.
Actual results, and future changes in estimates, may differ substantially from our current estimates. 

Currency Hedge Agreement   

In connection with our issuance of the PhaRMA
Notes, we entered into a foreign Currency Hedge Agreement to hedge certain risks associated with changes in the value of the Japanese
yen relative to the U.S. dollar. Under the Currency Hedge Agreement, we have the right to purchase dollars and sell yen at
a rate of 100 yen per dollar for which we may be required to pay a premium in each year from 2017 through 2020, provided the Currency
Hedge Agreement remains in effect. A payment of $2.0 million will be required if, on May 18 of the relevant year, the
U.S. dollar is worth 100 yen or less as determined in accordance with the Currency Hedge Agreement. In conjunction with establishing
the Currency Hedge Agreement, we will be required to post collateral to the counterparty, which may cause us to experience additional
quarterly volatility in our financial results. We will not be required at any time to post collateral exceeding the maximum premium
payments remaining payable under the Currency Hedge Agreement. In establishing the hedge, we provided initial funds of approximately
$2.0 million to support our potential hedge obligations. As of September 30, 2016, the maximum amount of hedge collateral
we may be required to post is $7.8 million. 

The Currency Hedge Agreement does not qualify
for hedge accounting treatment and therefore mark to market adjustments will be recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss. Mark to market adjustments are determined by quoted prices in markets that are not actively traded and for which significant
inputs are observable directly or indirectly, representing the Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as defined by generally accepted
accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ). The Company is also required to post collateral in connection with the mark to
market adjustments based on defined thresholds. As of September 30, 2016, $2.2 million of collateral was posted under the agreement. 

Tax   

We account for uncertain tax positions in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred
tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets. We have recorded a valuation allowance
against all potential tax assets, due to uncertainties in our ability to utilize deferred tax assets, primarily consisting of certain
net operating losses carried forward, before they expire. The valuation allowance is based on estimates of taxable income in each
of the jurisdictions in which we operate and the period over which our deferred tax assets will be recoverable. 

30   

Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This filing contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the  safe
harbor  created in Section 21E. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this filing are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as  may, 
 will,   intends,   plans,   believes,   anticipates,   expects, 
 estimates,   predicts,   potential,  the negative of these words or similar expressions. Statements
that describe our future plans, strategies, intentions, expectations, objectives, goals or prospects are also forward-looking statements.
Discussions containing these forward-looking statements are principally contained in  Business,   Risk Factors 
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  as well as any amendments
we make to those sections in filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
about:  

the preclinical development, clinical development, commercialization, or post-marketing studies of our product candidates and products, including our HAE program, RAPIVAB, galidesivir, and early stage discovery programs;   

the potential funding from our contracts with NIAID/HHS and BARDA/HHS for the development of galidesivir;   

the potential for government stockpiling orders of RAPIVAB, additional regulatory approvals of RAPIVAB
or milestones royalties or profit from sales of peramivir by us or our partners; 

the potential use of RAPIVAB as a treatment for H1N1, H5N1, and H7N9 or other strains of influenza;   

the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, products, product candidates and technology;  

our ability to establish and maintain collaborations or out-license rights to our drug candidates;   

plans, programs, progress and potential success of our collaborations, including SUL for RAPIVAB, Mundipharma for forodesine and Shionogi and Green Cross for peramivir in their territories;  

Royalty Sub s ability to service its payment obligations in respect of the PhaRMA Notes, and our ability to benefit from our equity interest in Royalty Sub;  

the foreign currency hedge agreement entered into by us in connection with the issuance by Royalty Sub of the PhaRMA Notes;  

the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and technology;  

our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others;   

estimates of our expenses, revenues, capital requirements, annual cash utilization, and our needs for additional financing;   

the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings or regulatory agreements, deferrals, and approvals;   

our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or repay our recourse debt obligations; 

our ability to comply with the covenants as  set forth in the agreements governing our debt
    obligations;  

our financial performance; and   

competitive companies, technologies and our industry.   

These statements relate to future events
or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current
expectations include, among other things, those listed under  Risk Factors.  Any forward-looking statement reflects
our current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating
to our operations, results of operations, industry and future growth. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update
or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

Interest Rate Risk  

We are subject to interest rate risk on
our investment portfolio and borrowings under our fixed-interest rate PhaRMA Notes and our variable-interest rate Senior
Credit Facility. The interest rate applicable to our borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility is based  on LIBOR.
Increases in interest rates could therefore increase the associated interest payments that the Company is required to make on
this debt. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had borrowings of $23 million under the Senior Credit Facility bearing an
interest rate of 8.5%. 

31   

We invest in marketable securities in accordance
with our investment policy. The primary objectives of our investment policy are to preserve capital, maintain proper liquidity
to meet operating needs and maximize yields. Our investment policy specifies credit quality standards for our investments and limits
the amount of credit exposure to any single issue, issuer or type of investment. We place our excess cash with high credit quality
financial institutions, commercial companies, and government agencies in order to limit the amount of credit exposure. Some of
the securities we invest in may have market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal
amount of the investment to fluctuate. 

Our investment exposure to market risk for
changes in interest rates relates to the increase or decrease in the amount of interest income we can earn on our portfolio, changes
in the market value due to changes in interest rates and other market factors as well as the increase or decrease in any realized
gains and losses. Our investment portfolio includes only marketable securities and instruments with active secondary or resale
markets to help ensure portfolio liquidity. A hypothetical 100 basis point drop in interest rates along the entire interest rate
yield curve would not significantly affect the fair value of our interest sensitive financial instruments, including our borrowings.
We generally have the ability to hold our fixed-income investments to maturity and therefore do not expect that our operating results,
financial position or cash flows will be materially impacted due to a sudden change in interest rates. However, our future investment
income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates, or we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell
securities which have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates or other factors, such as changes in credit risk
related to the securities  issuers. To minimize this risk, we schedule our investments to have maturities that coincide with
our expected cash flow needs, thus avoiding the need to redeem an investment prior to its maturity date. Accordingly, we do not
believe that we have material exposure to interest rate risk arising from our investments. Generally, our investments are not collateralized.
We have not realized any significant losses from our investments. 

We do not use interest rate derivative instruments
to manage exposure to interest rate changes. We ensure the safety and preservation of invested principal funds by limiting default
risk, market risk and reinvestment risk. We reduce default risk by investing in investment grade securities. 

Foreign Currency Risk  

The majority of our transactions occur in
U.S. dollars and we do not have operating subsidiaries or investments in foreign countries. Therefore, we are not subject to significant
foreign currency exchange risk in our normal operations. 

In connection with the issuance by Royalty
Sub of the PhaRMA Notes, we entered into a Currency Hedge Agreement to hedge certain risks associated with changes in the value
of the Japanese yen relative to the U.S. dollar. Under the Currency Hedge Agreement, we are required to post collateral based on
our potential obligations under the Currency Hedge Agreement as determined by periodic mark-to-market adjustments. Provided the
Currency Hedge Agreement remains in effect, we may be required to pay an annual premium in the amount of $2.0 million from
May 2017 through May 2020. Such payment will be required if, in May of the relevant year, the spot rate of exchange for
Japanese yen-U.S. dollars (determined in accordance with the Currency Hedge Agreement) is such that the U.S. dollar is worth 100
yen or less. 

Item 4.     Controls
and Procedures  

We maintain a set of disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information relating to BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. required to be disclosed
in our periodic filings under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner under the Exchange
Act. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures.
Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016,
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

32   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1A.        RISK
FACTORS   

An investment in our stock involves risks.
You should carefully read this entire report and consider the following uncertainties and risks, which may adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations, along with all of the other information included in our other filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, before deciding to buy our common stock.  

Risks Relating to Our Business  

We have incurred losses since our inception,
expect to continue to incur such losses, and may never be profitable.   

Since our inception, we have not achieved
sustained profitability. We expect to incur additional losses for the foreseeable future, and our losses could increase as our
research and development efforts progress. We expect that such losses will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and losses and fluctuations
may be substantial. 

To become profitable, we, or our collaborative
partners, must successfully manufacture and develop product candidates, receive regulatory approval, and successfully commercialize
and/or enter into profitable agreements with other parties. It could be several years, if ever, before we receive significant revenue
from any current or future license agreements or revenues directly from product sales.  

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with developing our product candidates and their potential for commercialization, we are unable to predict the extent
of any future losses. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly
or annual basis. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the market value of our common stock will likely decline.  

Our success depends upon our ability to advance
our products through the various stages of development, especially through the clinical trial process.   

To receive the regulatory approvals necessary
for the sale of our product candidates, we or our partners must demonstrate through preclinical studies and clinical trials that
each product candidate is safe and effective. The development process and related regulatory process are complex and uncertain.
Because of the cost and duration of clinical trials, we may decide to discontinue development of product candidates that are unlikely
to show good results in the clinical trials, unlikely to help advance a product to the point of a meaningful collaboration, or
unlikely to have reasonable commercial potential. We may suffer significant setbacks in pivotal pre-clinical studies and clinical
trials (e.g. galidesivir, BCX7353, other kallikrein inhibitors and our other rare disease product candidates), even after earlier
clinical trials show promising results. The development of our product candidates, including our clinical trials, may not be adequately
designed or executed, which could affect the potential outcome and analysis of study results. Any of our product candidates may
produce undesirable side effects in humans. The pre-clinical and clinical data from our product candidates could cause us or regulatory
authorities to interrupt, delay, modify or halt preclinical or clinical trials of a product candidate. Undesirable or inconclusive
data or side effects in humans could also result in the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities refusing to approve the product candidate
for any targeted indications. In addition, the FDA or other regulatory agencies may determine that study data from our product
candidates necessitates additional studies or study designs which differ from our planned development strategy, and regulatory
agencies may also require patient monitoring and testing or may implement restrictions or other conditions on our development activities,
any of which could materially impact the cost and timing of our planned development strategy. We, our partners, the FDA or foreign
regulatory authorities may suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time if we or they believe the trial participants face unacceptable
health risks. Clinical trials may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe or effective and have acceptable commercial
viability. Regulatory authorities may interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials for a product candidate for any number of reasons. 

Our ability to successfully complete clinical
trials is dependent upon many factors, including but not limited to: 

our ability to find suitable clinical sites and investigators to enroll patients;   

the ability to maintain contact with patients to provide complete data after treatment;   

our product candidates may not prove to be either safe or effective;   

clinical protocols or study procedures may not be adequately designed or followed by the investigators;   

formulation improvements may not work as expected, which could negatively impact commercial demand for our product candidates;   

manufacturing or quality control problems could affect the supply of product candidates for our trials; and   

delays or changes in our planned development strategy, the regulations or guidelines, or other unexpected conditions or requirements of government agencies.   

33   

Clinical trials are lengthy and expensive.
We or our partners incur substantial expense for, and devote significant time to, preclinical testing and clinical trials, yet
we cannot be certain that the tests and trials will ever result in the commercial sale of a product. For example, clinical trials
require adequate supplies of drug and sufficient patient enrollment. Lack of adequate drug supply or delays in patient enrollment
can result in increased costs and longer development times. Even if we or our partners successfully complete clinical trials for
our product candidates, we or our partners might not file the required regulatory submissions in a timely manner and may not receive
regulatory approval for the product candidates.  

We focus on rare diseases, which may create additional
risks and challenges.   

Because we focus on developing drugs as
treatments for rare diseases, we may seek orphan drug, breakthrough therapy or fast track designations for our product candidates
in the United States or the equivalent designations elsewhere in the world. Often, regulatory agencies have broad discretion in
determining whether or not to grant such designations. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to receive orphan drug status from
the FDA or equivalent regulatory designations elsewhere. We also cannot guarantee that we will obtain breakthrough therapy or fast
track designation, which may provide certain potential benefits such as more frequent meetings with the FDA to discuss the development
plan, intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program, and potential eligibility for rolling review or priority review.
Even if we are successful in obtaining any such designation by the FDA or other regulatory agency for our product candidates, such
designations may not lead to faster development or regulatory review or approval, and it does not increase the likelihood that
our product candidates will receive marketing approval. We may not be able to obtain or maintain such designations for our product
candidates, and our competitors may obtain these designations for their product candidates, which could impact our ability to develop
and commercialize our product candidates or compete with such competitors, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

Although we have received Sakigake designation
for BCX7353 in Japan, we may not experience a faster development, review or approval process compared to the conventional process. 

Our clinical trials may not adequately show
that our product candidates are safe or effective.   

Progression of our product
candidates through the clinical development process is dependent upon our trials indicating our product candidates have adequate
safety and efficacy in the patients being treated by achieving pre-determined safety and efficacy endpoints according to the clinical
trial protocols. Failure to achieve any of these endpoints in any of our programs, including BCX7353, and our other rare disease
product candidates, could result in delays in our trials or require the performance of additional unplanned trials. This could
result in delays in the development of our product candidates and could result in significant unexpected costs or the termination
of programs. 

If our development collaborations with third
parties, such as our development partners and contract research organizations, fail, the development of our product candidates
will be delayed or stopped.   

We rely heavily upon third parties for many
important stages of our product candidate development, including but not limited to: 

discovery of compounds that cause or enable biological reactions necessary for the progression of the disease or disorder, called enzyme targets;   

licensing or designing of enzyme inhibitors for development as product candidates;   

execution of certain preclinical studies and late-stage development for our compounds and product candidates;   

management of our clinical trials, including medical monitoring and data management;   

execution of additional toxicology studies that may be required to obtain approval for our product candidates;   

formulation improvement strategies and methods; and   

manufacturing the starting materials and drug substance required to formulate our products and the product candidates to be used in our clinical trials, toxicology studies and any potential commercial product.   

Our failure to engage in successful collaborations
at any one of these stages would greatly impact our business. If we do not license enzyme targets or inhibitors from academic institutions
or from other biotechnology companies on acceptable terms, our drug development efforts would suffer. Similarly, if the contract
research organizations that conduct our initial or late-stage clinical trials, conduct our toxicology studies, manufacture our
starting materials, drug substance and product candidates or manage our regulatory function breached their obligations to us or
perform their services inconsistent with industry standards and not in accordance with the required regulations, this would delay
or prevent both the development of our product candidates and the availability of any potential commercial product. 

34   

If we lose our relationship with any one
or more of these parties, we could experience a significant delay in both identifying another comparable provider and then contracting
for its services. We may be unable to retain an alternative provider on reasonable terms, if at all. Even if we locate an alternative
provider, it is likely that this provider may need additional time to respond to our needs and may not provide the same type or
level of service as the original provider. In addition, any provider that we retain will be subject to applicable FDA current Good
Laboratory Practices ( cGLP ), current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP ) and current Good Clinical
Practices ( cGCP ), and comparable foreign standards. We do not have control over compliance with these regulations
by these providers. Consequently, if these practices and standards are not adhered to by these providers, the development and commercialization
of our product candidates could be delayed. If any of the foregoing risks are realized, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Because we have limited manufacturing experience,
we depend on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our product, product candidates and the materials for our product candidates.
Often, especially early in the development and commercialization process, we have only one source for manufacturing. If we cannot
rely on existing third-party manufacturers, we will be required to incur significant costs and potential delays in finding new
third-party manufacturers.   

We have limited manufacturing experience
and only a small scale manufacturing facility. We currently rely upon a very limited number of third-party manufacturers to manufacture
the materials required for our product, product candidates and most of the preclinical and clinical quantities of our product candidates.
We depend on these third-party manufacturers to perform their obligations in a timely manner and in accordance with applicable
governmental regulations. Our third-party manufacturers, which may be the only manufacturer we have engaged for a particular product,
may encounter difficulties with meeting our requirements including but not limited to problems involving: 

inconsistent production yields;   

product liability claims or recalls of commercial product;   

difficulties in scaling production to commercial and validation sizes;   

interruption of the delivery of materials required for the manufacturing process;   

scheduling of plant time with other vendors or unexpected equipment failure;   

potential catastrophes that could strike their facilities or have an effect on infrastructure;   

potential impurities in our drug substance or products that could affect availability of product for our clinical trials or future commercialization;   

poor quality control and assurance or inadequate process controls; and   

lack of compliance or cooperation with regulations and specifications or requests set forth by the FDA
or other foreign regulatory agencies, particularly associated with RAPIVAB, BCX7353, galidesivir and our early stage compounds. 

These contract manufacturers may not be able
to manufacture the materials required for our product candidates at a cost or in quantities necessary to make them commercially
viable. We also have no control over whether third-party manufacturers breach their agreements with us or whether they may terminate
or decline to renew agreements with us. To date, our third-party manufacturers have met our manufacturing requirements, but they
may not continue to do so. Furthermore, changes in the manufacturing process or procedure, including a change in the location where
the drug is manufactured or a change of a third-party manufacturer, may require prior review and approval in accordance with the
FDA s cGMP and comparable foreign requirements. This review may be costly and time-consuming and could delay or prevent the
launch of a product. The FDA or similar foreign regulatory agencies may at any time implement new standards, or change their interpretation
and enforcement of existing standards for manufacture, packaging or testing of products. If we or our contract manufacturers are
unable to comply, we or they may be subject to regulatory action, civil actions or penalties any of which could be costly to the
Company and could result in a delay or shortage of product. 

If we are unable to maintain current manufacturing
or other contract relationships, or enter into new agreements with additional manufacturers on commercially reasonable terms, or
if there is poor manufacturing performance or failure to comply with any regulatory agency on the part of any of our third-party
manufacturers, we may not be able to complete development of, seek timely approval of, or market, our product candidates.  

35   

Our raw materials, drug substances, and product
candidates are manufactured by a limited group of suppliers, including some at a single facility. If any of these suppliers were
unable to produce these items, this could significantly impact our supply of product candidate material for further preclinical
testing and clinical trials. 

We face intense competition, and if we are unable
to compete effectively, the demand for our products, if any, may be reduced.   

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries
are highly competitive and subject to rapid and substantial technological change. There are many companies seeking to develop products
for the same indications that we currently target. Our competitors in the United States and elsewhere are numerous and include,
among others, major multinational pharmaceutical and chemical companies and specialized biotechnology firms. Most of these competitors
have greater resources than we do, including greater financial resources, larger research and development staffs and more experienced
marketing and manufacturing organizations. In addition, most of our competitors have greater experience than we do in conducting
clinical trials and obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining FDA or
other regulatory approvals of product candidates more rapidly than we do. Companies that complete clinical trials, obtain required
regulatory approvals, and commence commercial sale of their drugs before we do may achieve a significant competitive advantage,
including patent and FDA exclusivity rights that would delay our ability to market products. We face, and will continue to face,
competition in the licensing of potential product candidates for desirable disease targets licensing of desirable product candidates,
and development and marketing of our product candidates from academic institutions, government agencies, research institutions
and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Competition may also arise from, among other things: 

other drug development technologies;   

methods of preventing or reducing the incidence of disease, including vaccines; and   

new small molecule or other classes of therapeutic agents.   

Developments by others may render our
product candidates or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive.  

We and our partners are performing research
on or developing products for the treatment of several disorders including HAE and recurrent/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma,
as well as broad spectrum antivirals that may be developed as medical countermeasures. We expect to encounter significant competition
for any of the pharmaceutical products we plan to develop. Companies that complete clinical trials, obtain required funding or
government support, obtain required regulatory approvals and commence commercial sales or stockpiling orders of their products
before their competitors may achieve a significant competitive advantage. Such is the case with the current neuraminidase inhibitors
marketed by GSK and Roche for influenza; CINRYZE   , KALBITOR    and FIRAZYR   , marketed
by Shire Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for HAE; and BERINERT   , marketed by CSL for HAE. Therapeutic products with potentially
promising data to treat Ebola include Mapp Biopharmaceutical, Inc. s ZMapp (antibody-based) and Gilead Sciences, Inc. s
product currently under development (small molecule), both of which have been used in Ebola infected patients. Further, several
pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms, including major pharmaceutical companies and specialized structure-based drug design companies,
have announced efforts in the field of structure-based drug design and molecules in development in the fields of HAE and in other
therapeutic areas where we have discovery and development efforts ongoing. If one or more of our competitors  products or
programs are successful, the market for our products may be reduced or eliminated. 

Compared to us, many of our competitors and
potential competitors have substantially greater: 

capital resources;   

research and development resources, including personnel and technology;   

regulatory experience; 

preclinical study and clinical testing experience;   

manufacturing and marketing experience; and   

production facilities.   

Any of these competitive factors could impede
our funding efforts, render technology and product candidates noncompetitive or eliminate or reduce demand for our product candidates.  

36   

We face risks related to our government-funded
programs; if BARDA/HHS or NIAID/HHS were to eliminate, reduce or delay funding from our contracts, this would have a significant
negative impact on the programs associated with such funding and could have a significant negative impact on our revenues and cash
flows.   

Our projections of revenues and incoming
cash flows are substantially dependent upon BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS reimbursement for the costs related to our galidesivir program.
If BARDA/HHS or NIAID/HHS were to eliminate, reduce or delay the funding for these programs or disallow some of our incurred costs,
we would have to obtain additional funding for continued development or regulatory registration for these product candidates or
significantly reduce or stop the development effort.  

In contracting with BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS,
we are subject to various U.S. Government contract requirements, including general clauses for a cost-reimbursement research and
development contract, which may limit our reimbursement or if we are found to be in violation could result in contract termination.
If the U.S. Government terminates any of its contracts with us for its convenience, or if we default by failing to perform in accordance
with the contract schedule and terms, significant negative impact on our cash flows and operations could result.  

Our government contracts with BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS
have special contracting requirements, which create additional risks of reduction or loss of funding.   

We have completed work under a contract with
BARDA/HHS for the development of our neuraminidase inhibitor, RAPIVAB. We also have entered into contracts with BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS
for the development of galidesivir as a treatment for diseases caused by RNA pathogens, including Marburg virus disease and Ebola
virus disease. In contracting with these government agencies, we are subject to various U.S. Government contract requirements,
including general clauses for a cost-reimbursement research and development contract, which may limit our reimbursement or, if
we are found to be in violation, could result in contract termination. 

U.S. Government contracts typically contain
a number of extraordinary provisions that would not typically be found in commercial contracts and which may create a disadvantage
and additional risks to us as compared to competitors that do not rely on U.S. Government contracts. These risks include the ability
of the U.S. Government to unilaterally: 

terminate or reduce the scope of our contract with or without cause;   

interpret relevant regulations (federal acquisition regulation clauses);   

require performance under circumstances which may not be favorable to us;   

require an in process review where the U.S. Government will review the project and its options under the contract;   

control the timing and amount funding, which impacts the development progress of our programs; and   

audit and object to our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs.   

Our government contracts with BARDA/HHS and NIAID/HHS
have termination and audit provisions which create additional risks to us.   

The U.S. Government may terminate its contracts
with us either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform in accordance with the contract schedule and terms. Termination
for convenience provisions generally enable us to recover only our costs incurred or committed, and settlement expenses and profit
on the work completed prior to termination. Termination does not permit these recoveries under default provisions. In the event
of termination or upon expiration of a contract, the U.S. Government may dispute wind-down and termination costs and may question
prior expenses under the contract and deny payment of those expenses. Should we choose to challenge the U.S. Government for denying
certain payments under a contract, such a challenge could subject us to substantial additional expenses which we may or may not
recover. Further, if the U.S. Government terminates its contracts with us for its convenience, or if we default by failing to perform
in accordance with the contract schedule and terms, significant negative impact on our cash flows and operations could result. 

As a U.S. Government contractor, we are required
to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards relating to our accounting practices and are subject to periodic audits
and reviews. As part of any such audit or review, the U.S. Government may review the adequacy of, and our compliance with, our
internal control systems and policies, including those relating to our purchasing, property, estimating, compensation and management
information systems. Audits conducted by the U.S. Government for the completed BARDA/HHS peramivir contract have been performed
and concluded through fiscal 2009; all subsequent fiscal years are still open and auditable. Audits under the active BARDA/HHS
and NIAID/HHS galidesivir contracts may occur at the election of the U.S. Government and have been concluded through fiscal 2013.
Based on the results of its audits, the U.S. Government may adjust our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect
costs. This adjustment could impact the amount of revenues reported on a historic basis and could impact our cash flows under the
contracts prospectively. In addition, in the event BARDA/HHS or NIAID/HHS determines that certain costs and fees were unallowable
or determines that the allocated indirect cost rate was higher than the actual indirect cost rate, BARDA/HHS or NIAID/HHS would
be entitled to recoup any overpayment from us as a result. In addition, if an audit or review uncovers any improper or illegal
activity, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of our contracts,
forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. Government.
We could also suffer serious harm to our reputation if allegations of impropriety were made against us. In addition, under U.S.
Government purchasing regulations, some of our costs may not be reimbursable or allowed under our contracts. Further, as a U.S.
Government contractor, we are subject to an increased risk of investigations, criminal prosecution, civil fraud, whistleblower
lawsuits and other legal actions and liabilities as compared to private sector commercial companies. 

37   

If we fail to reach milestones or to make annual
minimum payments or otherwise breach our obligations under our license agreements, our licensors may terminate our agreements with
them and seek additional remedies.   

If we are unable or fail to meet payment
obligations, performance milestones relating to the timing of regulatory filings, product supply obligations, post approval commitments
for RAPIVAB, or development and commercial diligence obligations; are unable or fail to make milestone payments or material data
use payments in accordance with applicable provisions; or fail to pay the minimum annual payments under our respective licenses,
our licensors may terminate the applicable license or seek other available remedies. As a result, our development of the respective
product candidate or commercialization of the product would cease.  

If we fail to obtain additional financing or
acceptable partnership arrangements, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates
or continue operations.   

As our programs advance, our costs are likely
to increase. Our current and planned discovery activities, pre-clinical and clinical trials, the related development, manufacturing,
regulatory approval process requirements, and the additional personnel resources and testing required for supporting the development
of our product candidates will consume significant capital resources. Our expenses, revenues and cash utilization rate could vary
significantly depending on many factors, including: our ability to raise additional capital; the development progress of our collaborative
agreements for our product candidates; the amount of funding we receive from NIAID/HHS and BARDA/HHS for galidesivir or from other
new partnerships with third parties for the development of our product candidates, including BCX7353 and our other rare disease
product candidates; the commercial success of peramivir achieved by our partners; the amount or profitability of any orders for
peramivir or galidesivir by any government agency or other party; the progress and results of our current and proposed clinical
trials for our most advanced product candidates, including BCX7353 and our other rare disease product candidates; the progress
made in the manufacture of our lead products and the progression of our other programs.  

We expect that we will be required to raise
additional capital to complete the development and commercialization of our current product candidates and we may seek to raise
capital at any time. Additional funding, whether through additional sales of securities, additional borrowings, or collaborative
arrangements with partners, including governmental agencies in general and from any BARDA/HHS or NIAID/HHS contract specifically,
may not be available when needed or on terms acceptable to us. The issuance of preferred or common stock or convertible securities,
with terms and prices significantly more favorable than those of the currently outstanding common stock, could have the effect
of diluting or adversely affecting the holdings or rights of our existing stockholders. Additional borrowings may subject us to
more restrictive covenants than are currently applicable to us under the Senior Credit Facility. In addition, collaborative arrangements
may require us to transfer certain material rights to such corporate partners. Insufficient funds or lack of an acceptable partnership
may require us to delay, scale-back or eliminate certain of our research and development programs. 

In order to continue future operations
and continue our drug development programs, we will be required to raise additional capital. In addition to seeking strategic partnerships,
transactions and government funding, we may decide to access the equity or debt markets, incur additional borrowings, or seek other
sources to meet liquidity needs. Our ability to raise additional capital may be limited and may greatly depend upon the success
of ongoing development related to our current drug development programs, including post approval studies for RAPIVAB, the
progress, timeline and ultimate outcome of our kallikrein inhibitor, including the BCX7353 program (including, but not limited
to, formulation progress, phase 3 trials, long-term human safety studies, and the timing of carcinogenicity or other required studies),
the progress our other rare disease product candidates, funding for and continued successful development of galidesivir, and the
progress of our early discovery programs. In addition, constriction and volatility in the equity and debt markets may restrict
our future flexibility to raise capital when such needs arise. Furthermore, we have exposure to many different industries, financing
partners and counterparties, including commercial banks, investment banks and partners (which include investors, licensing partners,
and the U.S. Government) which may be unstable or may become unstable in the current economic and political environment. Any such
instability may impact these parties  ability to fulfill contractual obligations to us or they might limit or place burdensome
conditions upon future transactions with us. Also, it is possible that suppliers may be negatively impacted. Any such unfavorable
outcomes in our current programs or unfavorable economic conditions could place severe downward pressure on the price of our common
stock and may decrease opportunities to raise capital in the capital or credit markets, and further could reduce the return available
on invested corporate cash, which, if severe and sustained, could have a material and adverse impact on our results of operations
and cash flows and limit our ability to continue development of our product candidates. 

38   

If we fail to successfully commercialize or
establish collaborative relationships to commercialize certain of our product candidates, or if any partner terminates or fails
to perform its obligations under agreements with us, potential revenues from commercialization of our product candidates could
be reduced, delayed or eliminated.   

Our business strategy is to increase the
asset value of our product candidate portfolio. We believe this is best achieved by retaining full product rights or through collaborative
arrangements with third parties as appropriate. As needed, potential third-party relationships could include preclinical development,
clinical development, regulatory approval, marketing, sales and distribution of our product candidates.  

Currently, we have established collaborative
relationships with Mundipharma for the development and commercialization of forodesine and with each of Shionogi and Green Cross
for the development and commercialization of peramivir, in Japan, Taiwan and South Korea. Most recently we have established a collaborative
relationship with Seqirus UK Limited for RAPIVAB on a worldwide basis other than Israel, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. The process of
establishing and implementing collaborative relationships is difficult, time-consuming and involves significant uncertainty, including: 

our partners may seek to renegotiate or terminate their relationships with us due to unsatisfactory clinical results, including post approval clinical commitments, a change in business strategy, a change of control or other reasons;  

our contracts for collaborative arrangements may expire;  

our partners may choose to pursue alternative technologies, including those of our competitors;  

we may have disputes with a partner that could lead to litigation or arbitration;  

we do not have day to day control over the activities of our partners and have limited control over their decisions;  

our ability to generate future event payments and royalties from our partners depends upon their abilities to establish the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, obtain regulatory approvals and achieve market acceptance of products developed from our product candidates;  

we or our partners may fail to properly initiate, maintain or defend our intellectual property rights, where applicable, or a party may utilize our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or potentially invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;  

we or our partners may not devote sufficient capital or resources towards our product candidates; and   

we or our partners may not comply with applicable government regulatory requirements.   

If we or our partners fail to fulfill our
responsibilities in a timely manner, or at all, our commercialization efforts related to that collaboration could be reduced, delayed
or terminated, or it may be necessary for us to assume responsibility for activities that would otherwise have been the responsibility
of our partner. If we are unable to establish and maintain collaborative relationships on acceptable terms, we may have to delay
or discontinue further development of one or more of our product candidates, undertake commercialization activities at our own
expense or find alternative sources of funding. Any delay in the development or commercialization of our product candidates would
severely affect our business, because if our product candidates do not progress through the development process or reach the market
in a timely manner, or at all, we may not receive additional future event payments and may never receive milestone, product sales
or royalty payments.  

We do not have a great deal of experience in
commercializing our products or technologies, and our future revenue generation is uncertain.   

We do not have a great deal of experience
in commercializing our product candidates or technologies. We currently have limited marketing and commercial capability, no direct
or third-party sales force and limited distribution capabilities. We may be unable to establish or sufficiently increase these
capabilities for products we currently, or plan to, commercialize. In addition, our revenue from collaborative agreements may be
dependent upon the status of our preclinical and clinical programs. If we fail to advance these programs to the point of being
able to enter into successful collaborations, we will not receive any potential future event or other collaborative payments. 

Our ability to receive revenue from products
we commercialize presents several risks, including: 

we or our collaborators may fail to successfully complete clinical trials, or satisfy post-marketing commitments, sufficient to obtain and keep FDA marketing approval;   

39   

many competitors are more experienced and have significantly more resources, and their products could reach the market faster, be more cost effective or have a better efficacy or tolerability profile than our product candidates;   

we may fail to employ a comprehensive and effective intellectual property strategy, which could result in decreased commercial value of our Company and our products;   

we may fail to employ a comprehensive and effective regulatory strategy, which could result in a delay or failure in commercialization of our products;   

our ability to successfully commercialize our products is affected by the competitive landscape, which cannot be fully known at this time;   

reimbursement is constantly changing, which could greatly affect usage of our products; and   

future revenue from product sales would depend on our ability to successfully complete clinical studies, obtain regulatory approvals, and manufacture, market and commercialize our approved drugs.   

Commercialization of peramivir by our partners
is subject to the potential commercialization risks described herein and numerous additional risks. Any potential revenue benefits
to us in the form of milestone payments, royalties or other consideration are highly speculative.   

Commercialization success of peramivir is
uncertain and is subject to all the risks and uncertainties disclosed in our other risk factors relating to drug development and
commercialization. In addition, commercialization of peramivir products is subject to further risks and may be negatively impacted
by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 

peramivir may not prove to be adequately safe and effective for market approval in markets other than the United States, Japan, Korea and Taiwan; 

necessary funding for post-marketing commitments and further development of peramivir may not be available timely, at all, or in sufficient amounts; 

flu prevention or pandemic treatment concerns may not materialize at all, or in the near future;   

advances in flu vaccines or other antivirals, including competitive i.v. antivirals, could substantially replace potential demand for peramivir; 

a limited number of governmental entities are expected to be the primary potential stockpiling customers for RAPIVAB and if we are not successful at marketing peramivir to these entities for any reason, we will not receive substantial revenues from stockpiling orders; 

government and third party payors may not provide sufficient coverage or reimbursement which would negatively
impact the demand for peramivir; 

we may not be able to supply commercial material to our partners and our partners may not be able to maintain or establish sufficient and acceptable commercial manufacturing, either directly or through third-party manufacturers;   

the commercial demand and acceptance for peramivir by healthcare providers and by patients may not be sufficient to result in substantial revenues of peramivir to our partners and may result in little to no milestones or royalties to us; 

effectiveness of marketing efforts for peramivir by our partners; 

market satisfaction with existing alternative therapies;   

perceived efficacy relative to other available therapies;   

disease prevalence;   

cost of treatment;   

pricing and availability of alternative products;   

marketing and sales activities of competitors;   

40   

shifts in the medical community to new treatment paradigms or standards of care; and   

relative convenience and ease of administration.   

We are subject to various federal and state laws
related to RAPIVAB and other products under development and, if we or our partners do not comply with these regulations, we could
face substantial penalties.   

Our or our partners  activities related
to RAPIVAB, or any of our other products under development and following their regulatory approval, are subject to regulatory and
law enforcement authorities in addition to the FDA, including the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Justice, and state
and local governments. In the case of our collaboration with SUL, although SUL is responsible for RAPIVAB marketing and commercialization
efforts, we continue to carry certain risks associated with RAPIVAB because we hold the RAPIVAB NDA. For example, we are responsible
for reporting adverse drug experiences, we have responsibility for certain post-approval studies, we may have responsibilities
and costs related to a recall or withdrawal of RAPIVAB from sale, we may incur liability associated with RAPIVAB manufacturing
contracted by us or in support of any of our partners, we are required to maintain records and provide data and reports to regulatory
agencies related to RAPIVAB (e.g. risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, track and trace requirements, adverse events), and
we may incur certain promotional regulatory and government pricing risks, all of which could have a material adverse impact on
our operations and financial condition. In addition, we are now subject to the federal physician sunshine act and certain similar
legislation in various states. We are subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to health care  fraud and abuse, 
including both federal and state anti-kickback laws. Although we seek to comply with these statutes, it is possible that our practices,
or those of our distributors, might be challenged under anti-kickback or similar laws. Violations of the physician sunshine act
and similar state legislation or the fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by civil or criminal sanctions, including fines and
civil monetary penalties, and future exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs.  

We have a number of outstanding post-marketing
commitments to the FDA that we retain, despite our partnership with SUL, which we may not complete successfully or on time for
any number of reasons, including but not limited to lack of funds to complete the studies and insufficient interest by appropriate
sites, investigators or study subjects. For example, as a condition of the approval of RAPIVAB, we are required to complete a pediatric
patient study of RAPIVAB and to submit the final results of this clinical trial to the FDA. Depending on the outcome of this clinical
trial, we may be unable to expand the indication for RAPIVAB or we may be required to include specific warnings or limitations
on dosing this product, which could negatively impact sales of RAPIVAB and negatively impact our relationship with our partner.
We may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with post-approval legal and regulatory requirements and our products could
be subject to continual recordkeeping and reporting requirements, review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory
bodies. Regulatory approval of a product may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed
or to the other restrictive conditions of approval that limit our ability to promote, sell or distribute a product. Furthermore,
the approval of RAPIVAB and any other future product candidates may be subject to requirements for costly post-marketing testing
and surveillance to monitor its safety or efficacy.  

Advertising and promotion are subject to
stringent FDA rules and oversight and as the holder of the NDA we may be held responsible for any advertising and promotion conducted
by our partner that is not in compliance with the rules and regulations. In particular, the claims in all promotional materials
and activities must be consistent with the FDA approvals for approved products, and must be appropriately substantiated and fairly
balanced with information on the safety risks and limitations of the products. Adverse event information concerning approved products
must be reviewed and as the NDA holder of RAPIVAB we are required to make expedited and periodic adverse event reports to the FDA
and other regulatory authorities.  

In addition, the research, manufacturing,
distribution, sale and promotion of products are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities
in addition to the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services, the U.S. Department of Justice and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, and state
and local governments. Until we can successfully transfer the pricing responsibilities to our partner, we remain responsible for
pricing and rebate programs. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1990, as amended, and the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992, as amended. If products are made available to
authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply.
All of these activities are also potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

If our operations with respect to RAPIVAB
or our other products that are subject to healthcare laws and regulations are found to be in violation of any of the healthcare
fraud and abuse laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including
civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines,
curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.
Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot
be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause
us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management's attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving
and sustaining compliance with all applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws may be costly.  

41   

We and our partners may be subject to new legislation,
regulatory proposals and healthcare payor initiatives that may increase our costs of compliance and adversely affect our or our
partners  ability to market our products, including RAPIVAB, obtain collaborators and raise capital.   

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act, or PPACA, made extensive changes to the delivery of health care in the U.S. The PPACA includes numerous provisions that affect
pharmaceutical companies, some of which became effective immediately and others of which will be taking effect over the next several
years. For example, the PPACA seeks to expand health care coverage to the uninsured through private health insurance reforms and
an expansion of Medicaid. The PPACA will also impose substantial costs on pharmaceutical manufacturers, such as an increase in
liability for rebates paid to Medicaid, new drug discounts that must be offered to certain enrollees in the Medicare prescription
drug benefit, an annual fee imposed on all manufacturers of brand prescription drugs in the U.S., and an expansion of an existing
program requiring pharmaceutical discounts to certain types of hospitals and federally subsidized clinics. The PPACA also contains
cost containment measures that could reduce reimbursement levels for health care items and services generally, including pharmaceuticals.
It also will require reporting and public disclosure of payments and other transfers of value provided by pharmaceutical companies
to physicians and teaching hospitals. We cannot predict what effect the PPACA or other healthcare reform initiatives that may be
adopted in the future will have on our business. Further, it remains unclear whether there will be any changes made to provisions
of the PPACA or other health care laws through acts of Congress in the future. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance
companies, managed care organizations and other payors of health care services to contain or reduce costs of health care could
result in decreased net revenues from our pharmaceutical products and decrease potential returns from our development efforts.
In addition, pharmaceutical and device manufacturers will also be required to report and disclose investment interests held by
physicians and their immediate family members during the preceding calendar year. Failure to submit required information may result
in civil monetary penalties for payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission.
Compliance with the PPACA and state laws with similar provisions is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply
with these state laws face civil penalties. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the safe harbors, it is
possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Such a challenge could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

In addition, there have been a number of
other legislative and regulatory proposals aimed at changing the pharmaceutical industry. In particular, legislation has been enacted
in certain states and proposed at a federal level that requires development of an electronic pedigree to track and trace each prescription
drug at the saleable unit level through the distribution system. Compliance with these electronic pedigree requirements may increase
our operational expenses and impose significant administrative burdens. In addition, our compliance may be deemed insufficient
and we could face a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. As
a result of these and other new proposals, we may determine to change our current manner of operation, provide additional benefits
or change our contract arrangements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Managed care organizations are increasingly
challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and, in some cases, imposing restrictions on the coverage of particular
drugs. Many managed care organizations negotiate the price of medical services and products and develop formularies which establish
pricing and reimbursement levels. Exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to its sharply reduced usage in the managed
care organization s patient population. The process for obtaining coverage can be lengthy and costly, and we expect that
it could take several months before a particular payor initially reviews our product and makes a decision with respect to coverage.
For example, third-party payors may require cost-benefit analysis data from us in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of
RAPIVAB or any other product we might bring to market. For any individual third-party payor, we may not be able to provide data
sufficient to gain reimbursement on a similar or preferred basis to competitive products, or at all which may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

There are risks related to the potential government
use or sale of peramivir (RAPIVAB).   

United States Government use or sale of RAPIVAB
in emergency situations, or otherwise, may result in the use of RAPIVAB outside of its approved use. To the extent that RAPIVAB
is used as a treatment for influenza by the U.S. Government or peramivir by any other government entity, there can be no assurance
that it will prove to be generally safe, well-tolerated and effective. Such government use of peramivir may create certain liabilities
for us or our partners in the case of government use outside of the U.S. There is no assurance that we or our manufacturers will
be able to fully meet the demand for peramivir in the event of additional orders. Further, we may not achieve a favorable price
for additional orders of RAPIVAB in the U.S. or peramivir in any other country. Our competitors may develop products that could
compete with or replace peramivir. We may face competition in markets where we have no existing intellectual property protection
or are unable to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights. 

There is no assurance that the non-U.S. partnerships
that we have entered into for peramivir will result in any order for peramivir in those countries. There is no assurance that peramivir
will be approved for any use or will achieve market approval in additional countries. In the event that any emergency use or market
approval is granted, there is no assurance that any government order or commercialization of peramivir in any countries will be
substantial or will be profitable to us. In addition, the sale of peramivir, emergency use or other use of peramivir in any country
may create certain liabilities for us and our partners. 

42   

If we or our partners do not obtain and maintain
governmental approvals for our product candidates under development, we or our partners will not be able to sell these potential
products, which would significantly harm our business because we will receive no revenue.   

We or our partners must obtain regulatory
approval before marketing or selling our future product candidates. If we or our partners are unable to receive regulatory approval
and do not market or sell our future product candidates, we will never receive any revenue from such product sales. In the United
States, we or our partners must obtain FDA approval for product candidates that we intend to commercialize. The process of preparing
for and obtaining FDA approval may be lengthy and expensive, and approval is never certain. Products distributed abroad are also
subject to foreign government regulation and export laws of the United States. Because of the risks and uncertainties in biopharmaceutical
development, our product candidates could take a significantly longer time to gain regulatory approval than we expect or may never
gain approval. If the FDA delays regulatory approval of our product candidates, our management s credibility, our value and
our operating results may suffer. Even if the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies approve a product candidate, the approval may
limit the indicated uses for a product candidate and/or may require post-approval studies.  

The FDA regulates, among other things, the
record keeping and storage of data pertaining to potential pharmaceutical products. We currently store most of our preclinical
research data, our clinical data and our manufacturing data at our facility. While we do store duplicate copies of most of our
clinical data offsite and a significant portion of our data is included in regular backups of our systems, we could lose important
data if our facility incurs damage, or if our vendor data systems fail, suffer damage or are destroyed. If we receive approval
to market our potential products, whether in the United States or internationally, we will continue to be subject to extensive
regulatory requirements. These requirements are wide ranging and govern, among other things: 

adverse drug experience reporting regulations;   

product promotion;   

product manufacturing, including good manufacturing practice requirements; and   

product changes or modifications.   

Our failure to comply with existing or future
regulatory requirements, or our loss of, or changes to, previously obtained approvals, could have a material adverse effect on
our business because we will not receive product or royalty revenues if we or our partners do not receive approval of our products
for marketing. 

Royalties and milestone payments from Shionogi
under our license agreement with Shionogi (the  Shionogi Agreement ) will be required to be used by Royalty Sub to
service its obligations under its PhaRMA Notes, and generally will not be available to us for other purposes until Royalty Sub
has repaid in full its obligations under the PhaRMA Notes.   

In March 2011, our wholly-owned subsidiary
Royalty Sub issued $30.0 million in aggregate principal amount of PhaRMA Notes. The PhaRMA Notes are secured principally by (i)
certain royalty and milestone payments under the Shionogi Agreement, pursuant to which Shionogi licensed from us the rights to
market peramivir in Japan and Taiwan, (ii) rights to certain payments under a Japanese yen/U.S. dollar foreign currency hedge arrangement
put into place by us in connection with the issuance of the PhaRMA Notes and (iii) the pledge by us of our equity interest in Royalty
Sub. Payments from Shionogi to us under the Shionogi Agreement will generally not be available to us for other purposes until Royalty
Sub has repaid in full its obligations under the PhaRMA Notes. Accordingly, these funds will be required to be dedicated to Royalty
Sub s debt service and not available to us for product development or other purposes. As of September 1, 2014, the payments
from Shionogi were insufficient for Royalty Sub to service its obligations under the PhaRMA Notes, resulting in an event of default
with respect to the PhaRMA Notes. As a result of this event of default, the holders of the PhaRMA Notes may be able to pursue acceleration
of the PhaRMA Notes and foreclose on the collateral securing the PhaRMA Notes and our equity interest in Royalty Sub and may exercise
other remedies available to them under the indenture or other documents related to the PhaRMA Notes. In such event, we may
not realize the benefit of future royalty payments that might otherwise accrue to us following repayment of the PhaRMA Notes, we
may incur legal costs and we might otherwise be adversely affected. 

Because an event of default has occurred under
the PhaRMA Notes, the holders of the PhaRMA Notes may be able to pursue acceleration of the PhaRMA Notes and foreclose on the collateral
securing the PhaRMA Notes and our equity interest in Royalty Sub, in which case we may not realize the benefit of future royalty
payments that might otherwise accrue to us following repayment of the PhaRMA Notes and we could otherwise be adversely affected.   

Royalty Sub s ability to service its
payment obligations in respect of the PhaRMA Notes, and our ability to benefit from our equity interest in Royalty Sub, is subject
to numerous risks. Royalty Sub s ability to service the PhaRMA Notes may be adversely affected by, among other things, changes
in or any termination of our relationship with Shionogi, reimbursement, regulatory, manufacturing and/or intellectual property
issues, product returns, product recalls, product liability claims and allegations of safety issues, as well as other factors.
As Royalty Sub has been unable to service its obligations under the PhaRMA Notes and an event of default has occurred under the
PhaRMA Notes, the holders of the PhaRMA Notes may be able to pursue acceleration of the PhaRMA Notes and foreclose on the collateral
securing the PhaRMA Notes and our equity interest in Royalty Sub and may exercise other remedies available to them under the
indenture or other documents related to the PhaRMA Notes. In such event, we may not realize the benefit of future royalty
payments that might otherwise accrue to us following repayment of the PhaRMA Notes, we may incur legal costs and we might
otherwise be adversely affected. 

43   

We may be required to pay significant premiums
under the foreign currency hedge arrangement entered into by us in connection with the issuance of the PhaRMA Notes. In addition,
because our potential obligations under the foreign currency hedge are marked to market, we may experience additional quarterly
volatility in our operating results and cash flows attributable to the foreign currency hedge arrangement.    

In connection with the issuance by Royalty
Sub of the PhaRMA Notes, we entered into a foreign currency hedge arrangement to hedge certain risks associated with changes in
the value of the Japanese yen relative to the U.S. dollar. Under the foreign currency hedge agreement, we may be required to pay
an annual premium in the amount of $2.0 million in each May continuing through May 2020. Such payment will be required if, in May
of the relevant year, the spot rate of exchange for Japanese yen-U.S. dollars (determined in accordance with the foreign currency
hedge arrangement) is such that the U.S. dollar is worth 100 yen or less. We will be required to mark-to-market our potential obligations
under the currency hedge and post cash collateral, which may cause us to experience additional quarterly volatility in our operating
results and cash flows as a result. Additionally, we may be required to pay significant premiums or a termination fee under the
foreign currency hedge agreement entered into by us in connection with the issuance of the PhaRMA Notes. We are required to maintain
a foreign currency hedge at 100 yen per dollar under the agreements governing the PhaRMA Notes. 

Our
Senior Credit Facility contains restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. We may be required to make a
prepayment or repay the outstanding indebtedness earlier than we expect if a prepayment event or an event of default occurs, including
a material adverse change with respect to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

The Senior Credit
Facility contains various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit
our ability to, among other things: 

convey, sell, lease, license, transfer or otherwise dispose of certain parts of our business or property;   

change the nature of our business;   

liquidate or dissolve;   

enter into certain change in control or acquisition transactions;   

incur or assume certain debt;   

grant certain types of liens on our assets;   

modify, liquidate or transfer assets in certain collateral accounts;   

pay dividends or make certain distributions to our stockholders;   

make certain investments;   

enter into material transactions with affiliates; and   

modify existing debt or collaboration arrangements.    

The restrictive
covenants contained in the Senior Credit Facility could cause us to be unable to pursue business opportunities that we or our stockholders
may consider beneficial without the lender s permission or without repaying all Senior Credit Facility obligations. 

A breach of any
of these covenants could result in an event of default under the Senior Credit Facility. An event of default will also occur if,
among other things, a material adverse change in our business, operations or condition occurs, which could potentially include
negative results in clinical trials, or a material impairment of the prospect of our repayment of any portion of the amounts we
owe under the Senior Credit Facility occurs. In the case of a continuing event of default under the agreement, the lender could
elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable, proceed against the collateral in which we granted
to the lender a security interest under the Senior Credit Facility, or otherwise exercise the rights of a secured creditor. Amounts
outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our assets and those of our subsidiaries, excluding
certain specified assets but including proceeds from those assets. 

44   

If we fail to adequately protect or enforce
our intellectual property rights or secure rights to patents of others, the value of those rights would diminish.   

Our success will depend in part on our ability
and the abilities of our partners to obtain, protect and enforce viable intellectual property rights including but not limited
to trade name, trademark and patent protection for our Company and its products, methods, processes and other technologies we may
license or develop, to preserve our trade secrets, and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties both
domestically and abroad. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies is generally highly uncertain, involves
complex legal and factual questions and has recently been the subject of much litigation. Neither the United States Patent and
Trademark Office ( USPTO ), the Patent Cooperation Treaty offices, nor the courts of the United States and other jurisdictions
have consistent policies nor predictable rulings regarding the breadth of claims allowed or the degree of protection afforded under
many biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents. Further, we may not have worldwide patent protection for all of our product candidates
and our intellectual property rights may not be legally protected or enforceable in all countries throughout the world. In some
jurisdictions, some of our product candidates in certain programs, including our HAE program, may have short or no composition
of matter patent life and we may therefore rely on orphan drug exclusivity or data exclusivity. There can be no assurance that
we will obtain orphan drug exclusivity or data exclusivity in every jurisdiction. Further, in some jurisdictions, we may rely on
formulation patents or method of use patents. Both the ability to achieve issuance and the enforcement of formulation and method
of use patents can be highly uncertain and can vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and such patents may therefore not adequately
prevent competitors and potential infringers in some jurisdictions. The validity, scope, enforceability and commercial value of
the rights protected by such patents, therefore, is highly uncertain.  

We also rely on trade secrets to protect
technology in cases when we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to
protect. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our technology and other confidential information in connection with our
collaborators and advisors, our ability to receive patent protection or protect our proprietary information may be imperiled. 

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or
enforce our patents, the patents of our partners or our other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming
and unsuccessful  .  

Competitors may infringe or otherwise violate
our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use,
we may be required to file legal claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming and unsuccessful. An adverse result in any litigation
or defense proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk. Our success depends in part on avoiding the infringement of
other parties  patents and other intellectual property rights as well as avoiding the breach of any licenses relating to
our technologies and products. In the United States, patent applications filed in recent years are confidential for 18 months,
while older applications are not published until the patent issues. As a result, avoiding patent infringement may be difficult
and we may inadvertently infringe third-party patents or proprietary rights. These third parties could bring claims against us,
our partners or our licensors that even if resolved in our favor, could cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if resolved
against us, could additionally cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against
us, our partners or our licensors, we or they could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of
any infringing product in the country or countries covered by the patent we infringe, unless we can obtain a license from the patent
holder. Such a license may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, particularly if the third party is developing or marketing
a product competitive with the infringing product. Even if we, our partners or our licensors were able to obtain a license, the
rights may be nonexclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property.  

If we or our partners are unable or fail
to adequately initiate, protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights in any area of commercial interest or in any
part of the world where we wish to seek regulatory approval for our products, methods, processes and other technologies, the value
of the product candidates to produce revenue would diminish. Additionally, if our products, methods, processes, and other technologies
or our commercial use of such products, processes, and other technologies, including but not limited to any trade name, trademark
or commercial strategy infringe the proprietary rights of other parties, we could incur substantial costs. The USPTO and the patent
offices of other jurisdictions have issued to us a number of patents for our various inventions and we have in-licensed several
patents from various institutions. We have filed additional patent applications and provisional patent applications with the USPTO.
We have filed a number of corresponding foreign patent applications and intend to file additional foreign and U.S. patent applications,
as appropriate. We have also filed certain trademark and trade name applications worldwide. We cannot assure you as to: 

the degree and range of protection any patents will afford against competitors with similar products;   

if and when patents will issue;   

if patents do issue we cannot be sure that we will be able to adequately defend such patents and whether or not we will be able to adequately enforce such patents; or   

whether or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our patent applications.   

45   

If the USPTO or other foreign patent office
upholds patents issued to others or if the USPTO grants patent applications filed by others, we may have to: 

obtain licenses or redesign our products or processes to avoid infringement;   

stop using the subject matter claimed in those patents; or   

pay damages.   

We may initiate, or others may bring against
us, litigation or administrative proceedings related to intellectual property rights, including proceedings before the USPTO or
other foreign patent office. Any judgment adverse to us in any litigation or other proceeding arising in connection with a patent
or patent application could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
the costs of any such proceeding may be substantial whether or not we are successful.  

Our success is also dependent upon the skills,
knowledge and experience, none of which is patentable, of our scientific and technical personnel. To help protect our rights, we
require all employees, consultants, advisors and partners to enter into confidentiality agreements that prohibit the disclosure
of confidential information to anyone outside of our company and require disclosure and assignment to us of their ideas, developments,
discoveries and inventions. These agreements may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary
information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure or the lawful development by others of such information, and if
any of our proprietary information is disclosed, our business will suffer because our revenues depend upon our ability to license
or commercialize our product candidates and any such events would significantly impair the value of such product candidates. 

Our failure to comply
with data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and
adversely impact our operating results.    

European Union
( EU ) Member States, Switzerland and other countries have adopted data protection laws and regulation,
which impose significant compliance obligations. For example, the EU Data Protection Directive, as implemented into
national laws by the EU Member States, imposes strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and
transfer personal data, including health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. Data protection
authorities from the different EU Member States may interpret the EU Data Protection Directive and national laws differently,
which adds to the complexity of processing personal data in the European Union, and guidance on implementation and compliance
practices are often updated or otherwise revised. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could lead to
government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results.  

We are subject to
periodic litigation, which could result in losses or unexpected expenditure of time and resources.     

From time to time, we may be called upon to defend ourselves against lawsuits relating to our business. 
Due to the inherent uncertainties in litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceeding. 
An unfavorable outcome in any such proceeds could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If
our stock price is volatile, we may become involved in securities class action lawsuits in the future. Any litigation in the
future, regardless of its merits, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources
that are needed to successfully run our business.  

We face an inherent risk of liability in the
event that the use or misuse of our products results in personal injury or death and our product liability insurance coverage may
be insufficient.   

If the use or misuse of peramivir or any
other regulatory body-approved products we or a partner may sell in the future harms people, we may be subject to costly and damaging
product liability claims brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies, third-party payors or
others. The use of our product candidates in clinical trials, including post marketing clinical studies, could also expose us to
product liability claims. We cannot predict all of the possible harms or side effects that may result from the use of our products
or the testing of product candidates and, therefore, the amount of insurance coverage we currently may not be adequate to cover
all liabilities or defense costs we might incur. A product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could give rise
to a substantial liability that could exceed our resources. Even if claims are not successful, the costs of defending such claims
and potential adverse publicity could be harmful to our business. 

46   

We face an inherent risk of product liability
exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and will face even greater risks upon any commercialization
by us of our product candidates. We have product liability insurance covering our commercial sale of RAPIVAB and our clinical trials.
Clinical trial and product liability insurance is becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, we may be unable to obtain sufficient
insurance or increase our existing coverage at a reasonable cost to protect us against losses that could have a material adverse
effect on our business. An individual may bring a product liability claim against us if one of our products or product candidates
causes, or is claimed to have caused, an injury or is found to be unsuitable for consumer use. Any product liability claim brought
against us, with or without merit, could result in: 

liabilities that substantially exceed our product liability insurance, which we would then be required to pay from other sources, if available;   

an increase of our product liability insurance rates or the inability to maintain insurance coverage in the future on acceptable terms, or at all;   

withdrawal of clinical trial volunteers or patients;   

damage to our reputation and the reputation of our products, resulting in lower sales;   

regulatory investigations that could require costly recalls or product modifications;   

litigation costs; and   

the diversion of management s attention from managing our business.   

Insurance coverage is increasingly more costly
and difficult to obtain or maintain.   

While we currently have insurance for our
business, property, directors and officers, and our products insurance is increasingly more costly and narrower in scope, and we
may be required to assume more risk in the future. If we are subject to claims or suffer a loss or damage in excess of our insurance
coverage, we will be required to bear any loss in excess of our insurance limits. If we are subject to claims or suffer a loss
or damage that is outside of our insurance coverage, we may incur significant uninsured costs associated with loss or damage that
could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial position. Furthermore, any claims made on our insurance policies may
impact our ability to obtain or maintain insurance coverage at reasonable costs or at all.  

If our facility incurs damage or power is lost
for a significant length of time, or if we incur significant cost overruns or delays in the construction of our new research facility
in Birmingham, Alabama, our business will suffer.   

We store clinical and stability samples at
our facility that could be damaged if our facility incurs physical damage or in the event of an extended power failure. We have
backup power systems in addition to backup generators to maintain power to all critical functions, but any loss of these samples
could result in significant delays in our drug development process.  

In addition, we store most of our preclinical
and clinical data at our facilities. Duplicate copies of most critical data are secured off-site. Any significant degradation or
failure of our computer systems could cause us to inaccurately calculate or lose our data. Loss of data could result in significant
delays in our drug development process and any system failure could harm our business and operations.  

We also face the risk
that the costs and time required in connection with the construction of our new research facility in Birmingham, Alabama could
exceed our current expectations. If there is a significant cost overrun or significant delay in the completion of the construction,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

A significant disruption in our information
technology systems or a cyber-security breach could adversely affect our business.   

We are increasingly dependent on information
technology systems to operate our business. Like other companies in our industry, our networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable
to cyber-attacks or intrusions, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, foreign companies or competitors, or may be
breached by employee error, malfeasance or other disruption. A breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or interruption of
critical information technology systems could negatively impact operations. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly
or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical
data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. Any compromise of our data security could also result in a violation of applicable privacy
and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss
of confidence in our data security measures, which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that our efforts to protect
our data and information technology systems will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems, or those of third parties with
which we do business, and any such events could adversely affect our business. 

47   

If we fail to retain our existing key personnel
or fail to attract and retain additional key personnel, the development of our product candidates and commercialization of our
products and the related expansion of our business will be delayed or stopped.   

We are highly dependent upon our senior management
and scientific team, the unexpected loss of whose services might impede the achievement of our development and commercial objectives.
Competition for key personnel with the experience that we require is intense and is expected to continue to increase. Our inability
to attract and retain the required number of skilled and experienced management, commercial, operational and scientific personnel
will harm our business because we rely upon these personnel for many critical functions of our business.  

If because of our use of hazardous materials,
we violate any environmental controls or regulations that apply to such materials, we may incur substantial costs and expenses
in our remediation efforts.   

Our research and development involves the
controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive compounds. We are subject to federal, state and local
laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and some waste products. Accidental contamination
or injury from these materials could occur. In the event of an accident, we could be liable for any damages that result and any
liabilities could exceed our resources. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations or a violation of such environmental
laws and regulations could require us to incur substantial unexpected costs, which would materially and adversely affect our results
of operations.  

Risks relating to investing in our common stock  

Our existing principal stockholders hold a
substantial amount of our common stock and may be able to influence significant corporate decisions, which may conflict with the
interest of other stockholders.   

Several of our stockholders own greater than
5% of our outstanding common stock. Our top ten stockholders own more than 50% of BioCryst and can individually, and as a group,
influence our operations based upon their concentrated ownership. These stockholders, if they act together, may be able to influence
the outcome of matters requiring approval of the stockholders, including the election of our directors and other corporate actions.  

Our stock price has been, and is likely to
continue to be, highly volatile, which could cause the value of an investment in our common stock to decline significantly.   

The market prices for securities of biotechnology
companies in general have been highly volatile and may continue to be highly volatile in the future. Moreover, our stock price
has fluctuated frequently, and these fluctuations are often not related to our financial results. For the twelve months ended September
30, 2016, the 52-week range of the market price of our stock was from $1.63 to $12.88 per share. The following factors, in addition
to other risk factors described in this section, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: 

announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors;   

developments or disputes concerning patents or proprietary rights;   

additional dilution through sales of our common stock or other derivative securities;   

status of new or existing licensing or collaborative agreements and government contracts;   

announcements relating to the status of our programs;   

developments and announcements regarding new and virulent strains of influenza;   

we or our partners achieving or failing to achieve development milestones;   

publicity regarding actual or potential medical results relating to products under development by us or our competitors;   

publicity regarding certain public health concerns for which we are or may be developing treatments;   

regulatory developments in both the United States and foreign countries;  

public concern as to the safety of pharmaceutical products;  

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;  

changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts;  

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems, including developments in price control legislation;  

48   

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;  

additions or departures of key personnel or members of our board of directors;  

purchases or sales of substantial amounts of our stock by existing stockholders, including officers or directors;  

economic and other external factors or other disasters or crises; and  

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results.   

Future sales and issuances of securities may
dilute the ownership interests of our current stockholders and cause our stock price to decline.   

Future sales of our common stock by current
stockholders into the public market could cause the market price of our stock to fall. As of October 31, 2016, there were 73,758,320
shares of our common stock outstanding. We may from time to time issue securities in relation to a license arrangement, collaboration,
merger or acquisition. We may also sell, for our own account, shares of common stock or other equity securities, from time to time
at prices and on terms to be determined at the time of sale. 

As of October 31, 2016, there were 12,585,964
stock options and restricted stock units outstanding, 2,241,126 shares available for issuance under our Amended and Restated Stock
Incentive Plan, and 421,748 shares available for issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. In addition, we could also make
equity compensation grants outside of our Stock Incentive Plan. The shares underlying existing stock options, restricted stock
units and possible future stock options, stock appreciation rights and stock awards have been registered pursuant to registration
statements on Form S-8. 

If some or all of such shares are sold or
otherwise issued into the public market over a short period of time, our current stockholders  ownership interests may be
diluted and the value of all publicly traded shares is likely to decline, as the market may not be able to absorb those shares
at then-current market prices. Additionally, such sales and issuances may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities
or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that our management deems acceptable, or at all.  

We have anti-takeover provisions in our corporate
charter documents that may result in outcomes with which you do not agree.   

Our board of directors has the authority
to issue up to 4,800,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock and to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
of those shares without further vote or action by our stockholders. The rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be
issued in the future may adversely affect the rights of the holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could make
it more difficult for third parties to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock.  

In addition, our certificate of incorporation
provides for staggered terms for the members of the board of directors and supermajority approval of the removal of any member
of the board of directors and prevents our stockholders from acting by written consent. Our certificate also requires supermajority
approval of any amendment of these provisions. These provisions and other provisions of our by-laws and of Delaware law applicable
to us could delay or make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us.  

We have never paid dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future.   

We have never paid cash dividends on our
stock. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business. Accordingly, we do
not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.      

Item 6.     Exhibits  

See the Exhibit Index attached to this quarterly report
and incorporated herein by reference. 

49   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on
this 8th day of November, 2016. 

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

/s/ Jon P. Stonehouse  

Jon P. Stonehouse  

President and Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

/s/ Thomas R. Staab, II  

Thomas R. Staab, II  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    

(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer)    

50   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

Number   
       Description    

3.1  
      Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 22, 2006.  

3.2  
      Certificate of Amendment to the Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 24, 2007.  

3.3  
      Certificate of Increase of Authorized Number of Shares of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 4, 2008.  

3.4  
      Certificate of Amendment to the Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed May 8, 2014.  

3.5  
      Certificate of Increase of Authorized Number of Shares of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed May 8, 2014.  

3.6  
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant effective October 29, 2008. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 4, 2008.  

(10.1)   
      Amendment #19 to the Agreement between BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, dated August 10, 2016. (Portions omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment.)  

(10.2)  
      Amendment #7 to the Agreement between BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services  Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, dated September 26, 2016.  

(10.3)  
     Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016, by and among Midcap Financial Trust, as
administrative agent, the Lenders listed on the Credit Facility Schedule attached thereto and otherwise party thereto from time
to time, BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and MDCP, LLC. (Portions omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment.) 

(31.1)  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(31.2)  
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(32.1)  
      Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(32.2)  
      Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(101)  
      Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the three months ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

_______________________ 

(  )  
      Filed or furnished herewith.   

Confidential treatment requested.   

51 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exh_101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked
 ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment
Request with the Commission. 

OMB Approval 2700-0042  

1.
    CONTRACT ID CODE  
      PAGE
        OF    PAGES   
 
       AMENDMENT
    OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
         
      1  
      3   
 
      2.  AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION
    NO.  
      3.  EFFECTIVE DATE  
      4.  REQUISITION/PURCHASE
    REQ. NO.  
      5.  PROJECT NO.  (If applicable)    
 
      Nineteen
    (19)  
      August 10, 2016  
      4291173:  

6.  ISSUED BY  
      CODE  
         
       7. ADMINISTERED BY  (If other than Item 6)   
              
      CODE  
      N/A   
 
       National Institutes of Health  
          National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
        Diseases  
          DEA, Office of Acquisitions  
          Room 3214, MSC 7612  
          6700-B Rockledge Drive  
          Bethesda, MD 20892-7612  

MID RCB-A    
 
      8.  NAME AND ADDRESS OF CONTRACTOR  (No.
    Street, county, State and ZIP: Code)   
      ( X)   
      9A. AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION NO.   
 
       .  

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
         
      9B.  DATED   (SEE ITEM 11)     
 
       4505 EMPEROR BLVD SUITE 200   

DURHAM, NC 27703  
         
      10A.  MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT/ORDER NO.   

X   
        HHSN272201300017C   

10B.  DATED   (SEE ITEM 13)     
 
      CODE   
      FACILITY
    CODE   
         
      September 16, 2013   
 
      11.  THIS
    ITEM ONLY APPLIES TO AMENDMENTS OF SOLICITATIONS   
 
       [_] The above numbered
                     solicitation is amended as set forth in Item 14. The hour and date specified for receipt of Offers [_] is extended,
                     [_] is not extended.  
             
          Offers must acknowledge receipt
        of this amendment prior to the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods:  
             
          (a) By completing Items 8
        and 15, and returning one (1) copy of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the
        offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment numbers.
        FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND
        DATA SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already
        submitted, such change may be made by telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation
        and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and data specified.  

12.  ACCOUNTING
    AND APPROPRIATION DATA  (If required)    
 
      SOC 25.55  16-8019776   $2,672,620
    16-8470038 $1,454,077 Total $4,126,697   
 
       13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY
        TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS,  
          IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER
        NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.    

A. THIS CHANGE ORDER
    IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO:   (Specify authority)    THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN
    THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.   

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED
    CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES  (such as changes in paying office, appropriation date,
    etc.)  SET FORTH IN ITEM 14, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF FAR 43.103(b).   

C. THIS
                                                                                         SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO AUTHORITY OF:  

X   
       D.
OTHER Specify type of modification and authority)  
          Mutual Agreement of the Parties.    
 
      E.  IMPORTANT:  Contractor
    [_] is     not, [X] is required to sign this document and return          copies
    to the issuing     office.   
 
       14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION  (Organized
        by UCF section headings, including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   
             
          PURPOSE:
Execute Option 10  

The completion date of the
        contract is changed to December 30, 2017.  
          Total cost obligated by this
        action is changed $4,126,697  
          Total contract ceiling is
$39,476,895  

Except as provided herein,
    all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item 9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full
    force and effect.   
 
      15A.  NAME AND
    TITLE OF SIGNER    (Type or print)   
      16A.  NAME AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER    (Type
    or print)    
 
      Jon P. Stonehouse 
    CEO  
       John Outen, Contracting Officer  
          Office of Acquisitions, DEA, NIAID, NIH,
        DHHS    
 
      15B.  CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR  
      15C.  DATE
    SIGNED  
       16B. UNITED STATES
        OF AMERICA   
      16C.  DATE SIGNED   
 
        /s/ Jon P. Stonehouse   
           (Signature of person authorized
        to sign)    
         
       BY  /s/ John
        Outen   
           (Signature of Contracting
        Officer)    

Beginning with the effective date of this modification, ARTICLE
B.2. ESTIMATED COST  OPTION AND ARTICLE G.3 INVOICE SUBMISSION /CONTRACT FINANCING REQUEST IS REVISED   

ARTICLE B.2. ESTIMATED COST    OPTION is revised to incorporate changes for
execution of Option 10 with changes in the Option table below: 

c.  Payments
from the base and executed options will be made from the following PRISM/NBS Line Item Numbers as follows:   

Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked
 ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment
Request with the Commission. 

SPECIAL PROVISIONS  

Page  3  of 3   

END OF MODIFICATION 19 OF HHSN272201300017C  

Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked
 ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment
Request with the Commission. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exh_102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 exh_103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

Execution Version  

Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission. 

CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  

THIS CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  (this   Agreement  ),
dated as of September 23, 2016 (the   Closing Date  ) by and among  MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST , a Delaware statutory
trust (  MidCap  ), as administrative agent, the Lenders listed on the Credit Facility Schedule attached hereto
and otherwise party hereto from time to time (each a   Lender  , and collectively the   Lenders  ),
and  BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.,  a Delaware corporation (  BioCryst  ), MDCP, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (  Peramivir SPE  ), and the other entities shown as signatories hereto as a Borrower (collectively
in the singular,   Borrower  ), provides the terms on which Lenders agree to lend to Borrower and Borrower shall
repay the Lenders. The parties agree as follows: 

1.                  
ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS  

Accounting terms not defined in this Agreement
shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. Calculations and determinations must be made in accordance with GAAP. Capitalized terms
not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Section 15. All other terms contained in this Agreement,
unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein. All headings
numbered without a decimal point are herein referred to as  Articles,  and all paragraphs numbered with a decimal point
(and all subparagraphs or subsections thereof) are herein referred to as  Sections.  

2.                  
CREDIT FACILITIES AND TERMS  

2.1  Promise to Pay.  Borrower hereby unconditionally promises
to pay to each Lender, in accordance with each Lender s respective Pro Rata Share of each Credit Facility, the outstanding
principal amount of all Credit Extensions made by the Lenders under such Credit Facility and accrued and unpaid interest thereon
and any other amounts due hereunder as and when due in accordance with this Agreement. 

2.2  Credit Facilities.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
each Lender, severally, but not jointly, agrees to make available to Borrower Credit Extensions in respect of each Credit Facility
set forth opposite such Lender s name on the Credit Facility Schedule, in each case not to exceed such Lender s commitment
as identified on the Credit Facility Schedule (such commitment of each Lender, as it may be amended to reflect assignments made
in accordance with this Agreement or terminated or reduced in accordance with this Agreement, its   Applicable Commitment  ,
and the aggregate of all such commitments of all Lenders, the   Applicable Commitments  ). 

2.3  Credit Facilities.  

(a)                
 Nature of Credit Facility; Credit Extension Requests.  Credit Extensions in respect of a Credit Facility may be requested
by Borrower during the Draw Period for such Credit Facility. For any Credit Extension requested under a Credit Facility (other
than a Credit Extension on the Closing Date), Agent must receive the completed Credit Extension Form by 12:00 noon (New York time)
* * * prior to the date the Credit Extension is to be funded. To the extent any Credit Facility proceeds are repaid for
any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily (including repayments from insurance or condemnation proceeds), Agent and the
Lenders shall have no obligation to re-advance such sums to Borrower. 

(b)                
 Principal Payments.  Principal payable on account of a Credit Facility shall be payable by Borrower to Agent, for the account
of the applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares, immediately upon the earliest of (i) the date(s)
set forth in the Amortization Schedule for such Credit Facility (or, if no such Amortization Schedule is attached, then upon Agent s
demand for payment), or (ii) the Maturity Date. Except as this Agreement may specifically provide otherwise, all prepayments of
Credit Extensions under the Credit Facilities shall be applied by Agent to the applicable Credit Facility in inverse order of maturity.
Subject to the foregoing sentence, the monthly payments required under the Amortization Schedule shall continue in the same amount
(for so long as the applicable Credit Facility shall remain outstanding) notwithstanding any partial prepayment, whether mandatory
or optional, of the applicable Credit Facility. 

1   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(c)                
 Mandatory Prepayment.  If a Credit Facility is accelerated following the occurrence of an Event of Default, Borrower shall
immediately pay to Agent, for payment to each Lender in accordance with its respective Pro Rata Share, an amount equal to the sum
of: (i) all outstanding principal of the Credit Facility and all other Obligations,  plus  accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
(ii) any fees payable under the Fee Letters by reason of such prepayment, (iii) the Applicable Prepayment Fee as specified in the
Credit Facility Schedule for the Credit Facility being prepaid, and (iv) all other sums that shall have become due and payable,
including Protective Advances. Additionally, at the election of Agent, Borrower shall prepay the Credit Facilities (to be allocated
pro rata among the outstanding Credit Extensions under all Credit Facilities) in the following amounts: (A) on the date on which
any Credit Party (or Agent as loss payee or assignee) receives any casualty proceeds in excess of * * * in respect of
assets upon which Agent maintained a Lien, an amount equal to * * * of such proceeds (net of out-of-pocket expenses and,
in the case of personal property, repayment of any permitted purchase money debt encumbering the personal property that suffered
such casualty), or such lesser portion of such proceeds as Agent shall elect to apply to the Obligations; and (B) upon receipt
by any Credit Party of the proceeds of any asset disposition of personal property not made in the Ordinary Course of Business (other
than transfers permitted by Section 7.1) an amount equal to * * * of the net cash proceeds of such asset disposition
(net of out-of-pocket expenses and repayment of any permitted purchase money debt encumbering such asset), or such lesser portion
as Agent shall elect to apply to the Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) so long as no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall have the option of applying the proceeds of any casualty policy up to * * *
(other than with respect to losses of property comprised of Inventory and Clinical Trial Materials, as to which no dollar limit
shall apply) in the aggregate with respect to any property loss in any one (1) year, toward the replacement or repair of destroyed
or damaged property;  provided  that any such replaced or repaired property (x) shall be of greater, equal, or like value
as the replaced or repaired Collateral and (y) shall be deemed Collateral in which Agent and the Lenders have been granted a first
priority security interest, and (b) after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default, all proceeds
payable under such casualty policy shall, at the option of Agent, be payable to Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders,
on account of the Obligations. 

(d)                
 Permitted Prepayment.  Except as provided below, Borrower shall have no right to prepay the Credit Extensions made in respect
of a Credit Facility. After the Closed Period, if any, for the applicable Credit Facility as specified in the Credit Facility Schedule
therefor, Borrower shall have the option to prepay such Credit Facility advanced by the Lenders under this Agreement in whole or
in part,  provided  that (i) each such prepayment (other than a prepayment in whole) shall be in an amount equal to $1,000,000
or a higher integral multiple of $1,000,000, (ii) Borrower provides written notice to Agent and each Lender of its election to
make such prepayment and the amount of such prepayment on the date that is * * * prior to such prepayment and (ii) Borrower
pays to Agent, for payment to each applicable Lender in accordance with its respective Pro Rata Share, on the date of such prepayment,
an amount equal to the sum of (A) the principal amount being so prepaid, plus accrued interest thereon, (B) any fees payable under
the Fee Letters by reason of such prepayment, (C) the Applicable Prepayment Fee as specified in the Credit Facility Schedule for
the Credit Facility being prepaid, and (D) all Protective Advances. To the extent requested by Borrower, Agent shall provide, within
* * * of Borrower s request therefor, payoff documentation, which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to
Agent and Lenders, with respect to any proposed prepayment in whole of the Credit Extensions. Any notice of prepayments given by
Borrowers shall be irrevocable unless all Lenders otherwise agree in writing. 

2.4        Reserved.  

2.5        Reserved.  

2.6        Interest and Payments; Administration.  

(a)        Interest;
Computation of Interest.  Each Credit Extension shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the date
when made until paid in full at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Interest Rate. Each Lender may, upon the failure of Borrower
to pay any fees or interest as required herein, capitalize such interest and fees and begin to accrue interest thereon until paid
in full, which such interest shall be at 

2   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Interest Rate unless and
until the Default Rate shall otherwise apply. All other Obligations shall bear interest on the outstanding amount thereof from
the date they first become payable by Borrower under the Financing Documents until paid in full at a rate per annum equal to the
Applicable Interest Rate unless and until the Default Rate shall otherwise apply. Interest on the Credit Extensions and all fees
payable under the Financing Documents shall be computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360)-day year and the actual number
of days elapsed in the period during which such interest accrues. In computing interest on any Credit Extension or other advance,
the date of the making of such Credit Extension or advance shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded;  provided ,
 however , that, if any Credit Extension or advance is repaid on the same day on which it is made, such day shall be included
in computing interest on such Credit Extension or advance. As of each Applicable Interest Rate Determination Date, Agent shall
determine (which determination shall, absent manifest error in calculation, be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties)
the interest rate that shall apply to the Credit Extensions. 

(b)                
 Default Rate.  Upon the election of Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Obligations
shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is * * * above the rate that is otherwise applicable thereto (the   Default
Rate  ). Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate provided in this subsection is not a permitted alternative
to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies
of Agent or the Lenders. 

(c)                
 Payments Generally.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including pursuant to Section 2.6(c), or as otherwise
directed by Agent, all payments in respect of the Obligations shall be made to Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders
in accordance with their Pro Rata Share. Payments of principal and interest in respect of each Credit Facility shall be made to
each applicable Lender identified on the applicable Credit Facility Schedule. All Obligations are payable upon demand of Agent
in the absence of any other due date specified herein. All fees payable under the Financing Documents shall be deemed non-refundable
as of the date paid. Any payment required to be made to Agent or a Lender under this Agreement may be made by debit or automated
clearing house payment initiated by Agent or such Lender from any of Borrower s deposit accounts, including the Designated
Funding Account, and Borrower hereby authorizes Agent and each Lender to debit any such accounts for any amounts Borrower owes
hereunder when due. Without limiting the foregoing, Borrower shall tender to Agent and the Lenders any authorization forms as Agent
or any Lender may require to implement such debit or automated clearing house payment. These debits or automated clearing house
payments shall not constitute a setoff. Payments of principal and/or interest received after 12:00 noon New York time are considered
received at the opening of business on the next Business Day. When a payment is due on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment
is due the next Business Day and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall continue to accrue until paid. All payments
to be made by Borrower under any Financing Document shall be made without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim, in lawful money
of the United States and in immediately available funds. The balance of the Obligations, as recorded in Agent s books and
records at any time, shall be conclusive and binding evidence of the amounts due and owing to Agent and the Lenders by each Borrower
absent manifest error;  provided ,  however , that any failure to so record or any error in so recording shall not limit
or otherwise affect Borrower s duty to pay all amounts owing hereunder or under any Financing Document. Agent shall endeavor
to provide Borrower with a monthly statement regarding the Credit Extensions (but neither Agent nor any Lender shall have any liability
if Agent shall fail to provide any such statement). Unless Borrower notifies Agent of any objection to any such statement (specifically
describing the basis for such objection) within * * * after the date of receipt thereof, it shall be deemed final, binding
and conclusive upon Borrower in all respects as to all matters reflected therein. 

(d)                
 Interest Payments; Maturity Date.  Commencing on the first (1 st ) Payment Date following the funding of a Credit
Extension, and continuing on the Payment Date of each successive month thereafter through and including the Maturity Date, Borrower
shall make monthly payments of interest, in arrears, calculated as set forth in this Section 2.6. All unpaid principal and accrued
interest is due and payable in full on the Maturity Date or any earlier date specified herein. If the Obligations are not paid
in full on or before the Maturity Date, all interest thereafter accruing shall be payable immediately upon accrual. 

3   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(e)                
 Fees.  Borrower shall pay, as and when due and payable under the terms of the Fee Letters, to Agent and each Lender, as applicable,
for their own accounts and not for the benefit of any other Lenders, the fees set forth in the Fee Letters. 

(f)                 
 Protective Advances.  Borrower shall pay to Agent for the account of the Lenders all Protective Advances (including reasonable
attorneys  fees and expenses for documentation and negotiation of this Agreement and the other Financing Documents) when
due under any Financing Document (and in the absence of any other due date specified herein, such Protective Advances shall be
due upon demand). 

(g)                
 Maximum Lawful Rate.  In no event shall the interest charged hereunder with respect to the Obligations exceed the maximum
amount permitted under the Laws of the State of Maryland. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Financing Document, if
at any time the rate of interest payable hereunder (the   Stated Rate  ) would exceed the highest rate of interest
permitted under any applicable Law to be charged (the   Maximum Lawful Rate  ), then for so long as the Maximum
Lawful Rate would be so exceeded, the rate of interest payable shall be equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate;  provided, however ,
that, if at any time thereafter the Stated Rate is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, Borrower shall, to the extent permitted by
Law, continue to pay interest at the Maximum Lawful Rate until such time as the total interest received is equal to the total interest
which would have been received had the Stated Rate been (but for the operation of this provision) the interest rate payable. Thereafter,
the interest rate payable shall be the Stated Rate unless and until the Stated Rate again would exceed the Maximum Lawful Rate,
in which event this provision shall again apply. In no event shall the total interest received by any Lender exceed the amount
which it could lawfully have received, had the interest been calculated for the full term hereof at the Maximum Lawful Rate. If,
notwithstanding the prior sentence, any Lender has received interest hereunder in excess of the Maximum Lawful Rate, such excess
amount shall be applied to the reduction of the principal balance of such Lender s Credit Extensions or to other amounts
(other than interest) payable hereunder, and, if no such Credit Extensions or other amounts are then outstanding, such excess or
part thereof remaining shall be paid to Borrower. In computing interest payable with reference to the Maximum Lawful Rate applicable
to any Lender, such interest shall be calculated at a daily rate equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate  divided by  the number
of days in the year in which such calculation is made. 

(h)                
 Taxes; Additional Costs.  

(i)                                          
Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of Borrower hereunder shall be made without deduction or withholding for
any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. For purposes of this Section 2.6(h), the term  applicable law  shall
include FATCA. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the
deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then Withholding Agent shall make such deduction
or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that
after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable
under this Section 2.6(h)) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction
or withholding been made. 

(ii)                
Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of Agent timely
reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(iii)               
Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes
(including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.6(h)) payable or paid
by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any expenses arising therefrom or
with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to Agent),
or by Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

4   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(iv)              
Each Lender shall severally indemnify Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (A) any Indemnified Taxes attributable
to such Lender (but only to the extent that Borrower has not already indemnified Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting
the obligation of Borrower to do so), (B) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of
Section 13.1(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (C) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in
each case, that are payable or paid by Agent in connection with this Agreement or any Obligation, and any reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by Agent shall be conclusive absent
manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender pursuant
to this Agreement or otherwise payable by Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to Agent under this
paragraph (iv). 

(v)                
As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.6(h), Borrower
shall deliver to Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment,
a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

(vi)              
Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made in connection with
this Agreement or any Obligation shall deliver to Borrower and Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or
Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will permit such payments
to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower
or Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will
enable Borrower or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two (2) sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation
(other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.6(h)(vii)(A), (vii)(B) and (vii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the
Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed
cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(vii)             
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A)               
any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this
Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9
certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B)               
any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Agent (in such number of copies as shall be
requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from
time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1)                
in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (I) with respect
to payments of interest under this Agreement or any Financing Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or W-8BEN, as applicable,
establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of
such tax treaty and (II) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement or any other Financing Document, IRS
Form W-8BEN-E or W-8BEN, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant
to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty; 

(2)                
executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3)                
in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the IRC,
(I) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or W-8BEN, as 

5   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

applicable and (II) a certification to the effect that such Foreign
Lender is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a  10 percent shareholder 
of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the IRC, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described
in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC, together with such Other Tax Certification as Agent may reasonably request from time to time;
or 

(4)       to the extent a Foreign Lender
is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or W-8BEN,
as applicable, IRS Form W-9, and/or such Other Tax Certification from each beneficial owner as Agent may reasonably request, as
applicable;  provided  that, if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one (1) or more direct or indirect partners of such
Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide such Other Tax Certification as
may be reasonably required by Agent on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C)               
any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Agent (in such number of copies as shall be
requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from
time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable
law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such Other
Tax Certification as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Borrower or Agent to determine the withholding or deduction
required to be made; and 

(D)               
if a payment made to a Lender under any this Agreement would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such
Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b)
or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and
at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed
by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such Other Tax Certification reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as may be necessary
for Borrower and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s
obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause
(D),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that, if any form or certification
it previously delivered pursuant to Section 2.6(h)(vi) or (vii) expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall
update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(viii)       If
any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it
has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.6(h) (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section
2.6(h)), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made
under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes)
of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the
amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental
Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying
party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax
position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had
not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax
had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns
(or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

6   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(ix)              
If any Lender shall determine in its commercially reasonable judgment that the adoption or taking effect of, or any change in,
any applicable Law regarding capital adequacy, in each instance, after the Closing Date, or any change after the Closing Date in
the interpretation, administration or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged
with the interpretation, administration or application thereof, or the compliance by any Lender or any Person controlling such
Lender with any request, guideline or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such
Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency adopted or otherwise taking effect after the Closing Date, has or would
have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such controlling Person s capital as a consequence
of such Lender s obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or such controlling Person could have achieved
but for such adoption, taking effect, change, interpretation, administration, application or compliance (taking into consideration
such Lender s or such controlling Person s policies with respect to capital adequacy) then from time to time, upon
written demand by such Lender (which demand shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for such demand and a calculation
of the amount thereof in reasonable detail, a copy of which shall be furnished to Agent), Borrower shall promptly pay to such Lender
such additional amount as will compensate such Lender or such controlling Person for such reduction, so long as such amounts have
accrued on or after the day which is two hundred seventy (270) days prior to the date on which such Lender first made demand therefor;
 provided ,  however , that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (A) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith
and (B) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee
on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each
case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  change in applicable Law , regardless of the date
enacted, adopted or issued. 

(x)                
If any Lender requires compensation under this subsection (h), or requires Borrower to pay any additional amount to any Lender
or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to this subsection (h), then, upon the written request of
Borrower, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Credit Extensions
hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder (subject to the terms of this Agreement) to another of its offices,
branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (A) would eliminate or materially reduce
amounts payable pursuant to any such subsection, as the case may be, in the future, and (B) would not subject such Lender to any
unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender (as determined in its sole discretion).
Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation
or assignment. 

(A)       If
any Lender requires compensation under this subsection (h), or requires Borrower to pay any additional amount to any Lender or
any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to this subsection (h), and such Lender has declined or is unable
to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 2.6(h)(x)(A), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and
effort, upon notice to such Lender and Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with
and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 13.1), all of its interests, rights (other than
its existing rights to payments pursuant to this subsection (h)) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Financing
Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations; provided that: (x) such Lender shall have received payment
of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Credit Extensions, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other
amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Financing Documents from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal
and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), and (y) such assignment does not conflict with
applicable law and (z) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation or payments required to be made
pursuant to this subsection (h), such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter. A Lender
shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise,
the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

(xi)              
Each party s obligations under this Section 2.6(h) shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent or any assignment
of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations hereunder. 

7   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(i)        Administrative Fees and Charges.  

(i)                  
Borrower shall pay to Agent, for its own account and not for the benefit of any other Lenders, all reasonable fees and expenses
in connection with audits and inspections of the books and records of the Credit Parties, audits, valuations or appraisals of the
Collateral, audits of Borrower s compliance with applicable Laws and such other matters as Agent shall deem appropriate,
which shall be due and payable on the first (1 st ) Business Day of the month following the date of issuance by Agent
of a written request for payment thereof to Borrower;  provided  that, as long as no Default has occurred within the preceding
twelve (12) months, Agent shall be entitled to such reimbursement for no more than one (1) audit and inspection per calendar quarter. 

(ii)                
If payments of principal or interest due on the Obligations, or any other amounts due hereunder or under the other Financing Documents,
are not timely made and remain overdue for a period of * * *, Borrower, without notice or demand by Agent, promptly shall
pay to Agent, for its own account and not for the benefit of any other Lenders, as additional compensation to Agent in administering
the Obligations, an amount equal to * * * of each delinquent payment. 

2.7        Secured
Promissory Notes.  At the election of any Lender made as to each Credit Facility for which it has made Credit Extensions, each
Credit Facility shall be evidenced by one (1) or more secured promissory notes in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Agent and the Lenders (each a   Secured Promissory Note  ). Upon receipt of an affidavit of an officer of a Lender
as to the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of its Secured Promissory Note, Borrower shall issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement
Secured Promissory Note in the same principal amount thereof and of like tenor. 

3.       CONDITIONS OF CREDIT EXTENSIONS  

3.1        Conditions
Precedent to Initial Credit Extension.  Each Lender s obligation to make the initial advance in respect of a Credit Facility
is subject to the condition precedent that Agent shall consent to or shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent, such documents, and completion of such other matters, as Agent may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate, including,
without limitation, all items listed on the Closing Deliveries Schedule attached hereto. 

3.2        Conditions
Precedent to all Credit Extensions.  The obligation of each Lender to make each Credit Extension, including the initial Credit
Extension, is subject to the following conditions precedent: 

(a)                
satisfaction of all Applicable Funding Conditions for the applicable Credit Extension as set forth in the Credit Facility Schedule,
if any, in each case each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and each Lender; 

(b)                
timely receipt by Agent and each Lender of an executed Credit Extension Form in the form attached hereto; 

(c)                
(i) for Credit Extensions made on the Closing Date, the representations and warranties in Article 5 and elsewhere in the Financing
Documents shall be true, correct and complete in all respects on the Closing Date;  provided ,  however , that those
representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, correct and complete in all respects as of
such date; and 

(ii)       for
Credit Extensions made after the Closing Date, if any, the representations and warranties in Article 5 and elsewhere in the Financing
Documents shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects on the date of the Credit Extension Form and on the Funding
Date of each Credit Extension;  provided ,  however , that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any
representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and  provided ,
 further , that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete
in all material respects as of such date. Each Credit Extension is Borrower s representation and warranty on that date that
the representations and warranties in Article 5 and elsewhere in the Financing Documents remain true, accurate and complete in
all material 

8   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

respects;  provided ,  however , that such materiality
qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in
the text thereof; and  provided ,  further , that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific
date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date; 

(d)             
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the Credit Extension; 

(e)              
Agent shall be satisfied with the results of any searches conducted under Section 3.5; 

(f)              
receipt by Agent of such evidence as Agent shall request to confirm the formation of the Peramivir SPE and inclusion in its organizational
documents of the covenants set forth on the SPE Covenant Schedule attached hereto; 

(g)              
receipt by Agent of such evidence as Agent shall request to confirm (i) the contribution by BioCryst to the Peramivir SPE of the
Seqirus UK License Agreement (and all of BioCryst s rights and obligations thereunder), and (ii) the Peramivir IP has been
licensed by BioCryst to the Peramivir SPE in accordance with the terms of the Seqirus License Agreement pursuant to the Intercompany
License Agreement; 

(h)             
receipt by Agent of such evidence as Agent shall request to confirm that the deliveries made in Section 3.1 remain current, accurate
and in full force and effect, or if not, updates thereto, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent; and 

(i)               
as determined in Agent s sole discretion, there has not been any Material Adverse Change or any material adverse deviation
by Borrower from the most recent business plan of Borrower presented to and accepted by Agent. 

3.3  Method of Borrowing.  Each Credit Extension
in respect of each Credit Facility shall be in an amount at least equal to the applicable Minimum Credit Extension Amount for
such Credit Facility as set forth in the Credit Facility Schedule or such lesser amount as shall remain undisbursed under the
Applicable Commitments for such Credit Facility. The date of funding for any requested Credit Extension shall be a Business Day.
To obtain a Credit Extension, Borrower shall deliver to Agent a completed Credit Extension Form executed by a Responsible Officer.
Agent may rely on any notice given by a person whom Agent reasonably believes is a Responsible Officer or designee thereof. Agent
and the Lenders shall have no duty to verify the authenticity of any such notice. 

3.4  Funding of Credit Facilities.  In Agent s discretion,
Credit Extensions may be funded by Agent on behalf of the Lenders or by the Lenders directly. If Agent elects to fund any Credit
Extension on behalf of the Lenders, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Lender, severally
and not jointly, shall make available to Agent its Pro Rata Share of the requested Credit Extension, in lawful money of the United
States of America in immediately available funds, prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the specified date for the Credit Extension.
Agent (or if Agent elects to have each Lender fund its Credit Extensions to Borrower directly, each Lender) shall, unless it shall
have determined that one (1) of the conditions set forth in Section 3.1 or 3.2, as applicable, has not been satisfied, by 2:00
p.m. (New York time) on the specified date for the Credit Extension, credit the amounts received by it in like funds to Borrower
by wire transfer to the Designated Funding Account (or to the account of Borrower in respect of the Obligations, if the Credit
Extension is being made to pay an Obligation of Borrower). A Credit Extension made prior to the satisfaction of any conditions
set forth in Section 3.1 or 3.2 shall not constitute a waiver by Agent or the Lenders of Borrower s obligation to satisfy
such conditions, and any such Credit Extension made in the absence of such satisfaction shall be made in each Lender s discretion. 

3.5  Searches.  Before the Closing
Date, and thereafter (as and when determined by Agent in its discretion), Agent shall have the right to perform, all at Borrower s
expense, the searches described in paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) below against Borrower and any other Credit Party, the results
of which are to be consistent with Borrower s representations and warranties under this Agreement and the reasonably satisfactory
results of which shall be a condition precedent to all Credit Extensions requested by Borrower: (a) title investigations, UCC
searches 

9   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

and the equivalent thereof in any foreign jurisdiction, and fixture
filings searches; (b) judgment, pending litigation, federal tax lien, personal property tax lien, and corporate and partnership
tax lien searches, in each jurisdiction searched under paragraph (a) above; and (c) searches of applicable corporate, limited liability
company, partnership and related records to confirm the continued existence, organization and good standing of the applicable Person
and the exact legal name under which such Person is organized. 

4.       CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST  

4.1        Grant
of Security Interest.  Borrower hereby grants Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, to secure the payment and performance
in full of all of the Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and pledges to Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders,
the Collateral, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof. Borrower
represents, warrants, and covenants that the security interest granted herein is and shall at all times continue to be a first
priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens that may have priority by operation of
applicable Law or by the terms of a written intercreditor or subordination agreement entered into by Agent. 

4.2        Representations and Covenants.  

(a)                
As of the Closing Date, Borrower has no ownership interest in any Chattel Paper, letter of credit rights, commercial tort claims,
Instruments, documents or investment property (other than as disclosed on the  Disclosure Schedule  attached hereto). 

(b)                
Except for tangible Chattel Paper, Instruments, and documents with an aggregate value of less than * * *, Borrower shall
promptly (and in any event within * * * of acquiring any of the following) deliver to Agent all tangible Chattel Paper
and all Instruments and documents owned at any time by Borrower and constituting part of the Collateral duly endorsed and accompanied
by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. Borrower shall
provide Agent with  control  (as in the Code) of all electronic Chattel Paper owned by Borrower and constituting part
of the Collateral by having Agent identified as the assignee on the records pertaining to the single authoritative copy thereof
and otherwise complying with the applicable elements of control set forth in the Code. Borrower also shall deliver to Agent all
security agreements securing any such Chattel Paper and securing any such Instruments. Borrower will mark conspicuously all such
Chattel Paper and all such Instruments and Documents with a legend, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, indicating
that such Chattel Paper and such Instruments and Documents are subject to the security interests and Liens in favor of Agent created
pursuant to this Agreement and the Financing Documents. 

(c)                
Except for letters of credit in an aggregate amount of less than * * *, Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within
* * * of acquiring any of the following) deliver to Agent all letters of credit on which Borrower is the beneficiary
and which give rise to letter of credit rights owned by Borrower which constitute part of the Collateral in each case duly endorsed
and accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.
Borrower shall take any and all actions as may be necessary or desirable, or that Agent may request, from time to time, to cause
Agent to obtain exclusive  control  (as defined in the Code) of any such letter of credit rights in a manner acceptable
to Agent. 

(d)                
Except for commercial tort claims with an aggregate value of less than * * *, Borrower shall promptly (and in any event
within * * *) advise Agent upon Borrower becoming aware that it has any interests in any commercial tort claim that
constitutes part of the Collateral, which such notice shall include descriptions of the events and circumstances giving rise to
such commercial tort claim and the dates such events and circumstances occurred, the potential defendants with respect such commercial
tort claim and any court proceedings that have been instituted with respect to such commercial tort claims, and Borrower shall,
with respect to any such commercial tort claim, execute and deliver to Agent such documents as Agent shall request to perfect,
preserve or protect the Liens, rights and remedies of Agent with respect to any such commercial tort claim. 

10   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(e)                
Except for (i) Inventory in an aggregate amount of * * *, and (ii) Clinical Trial Material, no Inventory or other Collateral
shall at any time be in the possession or control of any warehouse, consignee, bailee or any of Borrower s agents or processors
without prior written notice to Agent and the receipt by Agent, if Agent has so requested, of warehouse receipts, consignment agreements
or bailee lien waivers (as applicable) satisfactory to Agent prior to the commencement of such possession or control. Borrower
shall, upon the request of Agent, notify any such warehouse, consignee, bailee, agent or processor of the security interests and
Liens in favor of Agent created pursuant to this Agreement and the Financing Documents, instruct such Person to hold all such Collateral
for Agent s account subject to Agent s instructions and shall, in Agent s discretion, obtain an Access Agreement
or other acknowledgement from such Person that such Person holds the Collateral for Agent s benefit;  provided, however,
 with respect to (i) any location occupied by Borrower on the Closing Date (other than those specifically set forth on the Post-Closing
Obligations Schedule) and (ii) any new location first occupied by Borrower after the Closing Date with respect to which new location
an Access Agreement was not required (on the basis of the exclusion set forth in clause (ii) above) to be delivered under this
Section 4.2(e) at the time of the initial occupancy of the same by Borrower, Borrower shall have * * * following the
date on which Borrower would otherwise be required to deliver an Access Agreement under this Section 4.2(e) to deliver the applicable
Access Agreement or to relocate all assets and property maintained at each such location to a location subject to an Access Agreement. 

(f)                 
Except with respect to property evidenced by certificates of title with an aggregate value of less than * * *, upon request
of Agent, Borrower shall promptly deliver to Agent any and all certificates of title, applications for title or similar evidence
of ownership of all such tangible personal property and shall cause Agent to be named as lienholder on any such certificate of
title or other evidence of ownership. Borrower shall not permit any such tangible personal property to become fixtures to real
estate unless such real estate is subject to a Lien in favor of Agent. 

(g)                
As of the Closing Date and each subsequent date on which the  Disclosure Schedule  is required to be updated pursuant to this
Agreement, all Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts, Commodity Accounts or other bank accounts or investment accounts owned by
Borrower, together with the purpose of such accounts and the financial institutions at which such accounts reside, are listed on
the  Disclosure Schedule . 

(h)                
Borrower hereby authorizes Agent to file without the signature of Borrower one (1) or more UCC financing statements relating to
its Liens on all or any part of the Collateral, which financing statements may list Agent as the  secured party  and
Borrower as the  debtor  and which describe and indicate the collateral covered thereby as all or any part of the Collateral
under the Financing Documents (including an indication of the collateral covered by any such financing statement as  all
assets  of Borrower now owned or hereafter acquired), in such jurisdictions as Agent from time to time determines are appropriate,
and to file without the signature of Borrower any continuations of or corrective amendments to any such financing statements, in
any such case in order for Agent to perfect, preserve or protect the Liens, rights and remedies of Agent with respect to the Collateral.
Borrower also ratifies its authorization for Agent to have filed in any jurisdiction any initial financing statements or amendments
thereto if filed prior to the date hereof. Any financing statement may include a notice that any disposition of the Collateral
in contravention of this Agreement, by either Borrower or any other Person, shall be deemed to violate the rights of Agent and
the Lenders under the Code. 

(i)                  
As of the Closing Date, Borrower does not hold, and after the Closing Date Borrower shall promptly notify Agent in writing upon
creation or acquisition by Borrower of, any Collateral which constitutes a claim against any Governmental Authority, including,
without limitation, the federal government of the United States or any instrumentality or agency thereof, the assignment of which
claim is restricted by any applicable Law, including, without limitation, the federal Assignment of Claims Act and any other comparable
Law. Upon the request of Agent, Borrower shall take such steps as may be necessary or desirable, or that Agent may request, to
comply with any such applicable Law. 

(j)                 
Borrower shall furnish to Agent from time to time any statements and schedules further identifying or describing the Collateral
and any other information, reports or evidence concerning the Collateral as Agent may reasonably request from time to time. 

11   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

5.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  

Borrower represents and warrants as follows
on the Closing Date, on the date of each Credit Extension, and on such other dates when such representations and warranties under
this Agreement are made or deemed to be made: 

5.1        Due Organization, Authorization:
Power and Authority.  

(a)                
Each Credit Party and each Subsidiary is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (if applicable in such entity s
jurisdiction of formation) as a Registered Organization in its respective jurisdiction of formation. Each Credit Party and each
Subsidiary has the power to own its assets and is qualified and licensed to do business and is in good standing (if applicable
in such jurisdiction) in any jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership of property requires that it be
qualified except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Financing
Documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Credit Party and constitute legal, valid and binding agreements
enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other
similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles. The execution,
delivery and performance by each Credit Party of each Financing Document executed or to be executed by it is in each case within
such Credit Party s powers. 

(b)                
The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Financing Documents to which it is a party do not (i) conflict
with any of such Credit Party s organizational documents; (ii) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate
any material provision of Law applicable to it; (iii) contravene, conflict or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction,
decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which such Credit Party or any of its property or assets may be
bound or affected; (iv) require any material action by, filing, registration, or qualification with, or Required Permit from, any
Governmental Authority (except such Required Permits which have already been obtained and are in full force and effect); or (v)
constitute a default under or conflict with any Material Agreement. No Credit Party is in default under any agreement to which
it is a party or by which it is bound in which the default could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

5.2        Litigation. 
Except as disclosed on the  Disclosure Schedule  or, after the Closing Date, pursuant to Section 6.7, there are no actions,
suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers, threatened in writing by or against
any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof which involves the possibility of any judgment or liability of more than * * *
or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or which questions the validity of the Financing Documents,
or the other documents required thereby or any action to be taken pursuant to any of the foregoing, nor does any Credit Party have
reason to believe that any such actions, suits, proceedings or investigations are threatened. 

5.3        No
Material Deterioration in Financial Condition; Financial Statements.  All financial statements for the Credit Parties delivered
to Agent or any Lender fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, in all material respects the consolidated financial condition and
consolidated results of operations of such Credit Party. There has been no material deterioration in the consolidated financial
condition of any Credit Party from the most recent financial statements and projections submitted to Agent or any Lender. There
has been no material adverse deviation from the most recent annual operating plan of Borrower delivered to Agent and the Lenders. 

5.4        Solvency.
 The fair salable value of each Credit Party s assets (including goodwill  minus  disposition costs) exceeds the
fair value of its liabilities. After giving effect to the transactions described in this Agreement and taking into account any
right of contribution between the Credit Parties (but without limiting Section 13.15), (a) no Credit Party is left with unreasonably
small capital in relation to its business as presently conducted, and (b) each Credit Party is able to pay its debts (including
trade debts) as they mature. 

12   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

5.5  Subsidiaries; Investments; Margin Stock.  Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries do not own any stock, partnership interest or other equity securities, except for Permitted Investments.
Without limiting the foregoing, Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries do not own or hold any Margin Stock. 

5.6  Tax Returns and Payments; Pension Contributions.  Each Credit
Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and, except for those Taxes that
are subject to a Permitted Contest, each Credit Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely paid all foreign, federal, state
and material local Taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by such Credit Party or Restricted Subsidiary. Other than
as disclosed to Agent in accordance with Section 6.2, Borrower is unaware of any claims or adjustments proposed for any prior
tax years of any Credit Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which could result in additional Taxes becoming due and payable
by such Credit Party. No Credit Party nor any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with
any Credit Party within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the IRC (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the IRC for purposes of
the provisions relating to Section 412 of the IRC) or Section 4001 of ERISA (an   ERISA Affiliate  ) (a) has
failed to satisfy the  minimum funding standards  (as defined in Section 412 of or Section 302 of ERISA), whether
or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan, (b) has incurred liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal
of any Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan or incurred a cessation of operations that is treated as a withdrawal,
(c) has incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA (other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007
of ERISA), (d) has had any  reportable event  as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA (or the regulations issued thereunder)
(other than an event for which the thirty (30)-day notice requirement is waived) occur with respect to any Pension Plan or (e)
failed to maintain (i) each  plan  (as defined by Section 3(3) of ERISA) in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of ERISA, the IRC and other federal or state laws, and (ii) the tax qualified status of each plan (as defined above)
intended to be so qualified. 

5.7  Intellectual Property and License
Agreements.  A list of all Registered Intellectual Property of each Credit Party registered in any Registered IP Disclosure
Location and all material in-bound license or sublicense agreements, exclusive out-bound license or sublicense agreements, or
other material rights of any Credit Party to use Intellectual Property (but excluding in-bound licenses of over-the-counter software
that is commercially available to the public), as of the Closing Date and, as updated pursuant to Section 6.14, is set forth on
the  Intangible Assets Schedule . Such  Intangible Assets Schedule  shall be prepared by Borrower in the form provided
by Agent and contain all information required in such form. Except for Permitted Licenses, each Credit Party is the sole owner
of its Intellectual Property free and clear of any Liens. Each Patent is valid and enforceable and no part of the Material Intangible
Assets has been judged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. To the Borrower s knowledge, no claim has been made
that any part of the Intellectual Property violates the rights of any third party, except as could not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

5.8  Regulatory Status.  All of Borrower s material Products
and material Regulatory Required Permits are listed on the  Products Schedule  and  Required Permits Schedule , respectively
(as updated from time to time pursuant to Section 6.14), and Borrower has delivered to Agent a copy of all material Regulatory
Required Permits requested by Agent as of the date hereof or to the extent requested by Agent pursuant to Section 6.16. With respect
to each Product, (a) Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have received, and such Product is the subject of, all Regulatory
Required Permits needed in connection with the testing, manufacture, marketing or sale of such Product as currently being conducted
by or on behalf of Borrower, and have provided Agent and each Lender with all notices and other information required by Section
6.16, (b) such Product is being tested, manufactured, marketed or sold, as the case may be, in material compliance with all applicable
Laws and Regulatory Required Permits. As of the Closing Date, there have been no Regulatory Reporting Events. 

5.9  Accuracy of Schedules and Perfection
Certificate.  All information set forth in the  Disclosure Schedule ,  Intangible Assets Schedule , the  Required
Permits Schedule  and the  Products Schedule  is, in all material respects, true, accurate and complete as of the Closing
Date, the date of delivery of the last Compliance Certificate and any other subsequent date on which Borrower is requested to
update such certificate. All information set forth in the Perfection Certificate is, in all material respects, true, accurate
and complete as of the Closing Date, the date of each Credit Extension and each other subsequent date on which Borrower delivers
an updated Perfection Certificate pursuant to Agent s request. 

13   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

5.10        FCPA
and Anti-Corruption Law.  For the immediately preceding five (5) year period, neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries nor,
to the knowledge of Borrower, any director, officer, agent, employee or other Person acting in such capacity on behalf of Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such Persons of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the   FCPA  ) or
any other applicable anti-corruption law. No part of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions shall be used, directly or indirectly,
for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political
office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage,
in violation of the FCPA. Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption
laws and has instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 

6.    AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS   
Borrower covenants and agrees as follows:   

6.1        Organization and Existence;
Government Compliance.  

(a)                
Each Credit Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall maintain their respective legal existence and good standing in their respective
jurisdictions of formation and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. If a Credit Party is not now a Registered Organization but later becomes one,
Borrower shall promptly notify Agent of such occurrence and provide Agent with such Credit Party s organizational identification
number. 

(b)                
Each Credit Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall comply with all Laws, ordinances and regulations to which they or their
business locations are subject, the noncompliance with which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Each Credit Party shall obtain and keep in full force and effect and comply with all of the Required Permits, except where failure
to have or maintain compliance with or effectiveness of such Required Permit could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change. Upon request of Agent or any Lender, each Credit Party shall promptly (and in any event within * * *
of such request) provide copies of any such obtained Required Permits to Agent. Borrower shall notify Agent within * * *
(but in any event prior to Borrower submitting any requests for Credit Extensions or release of any reserves) of the occurrence
of any facts, events or circumstances known to a Borrower, whether threatened, existing or pending, that could cause any Required
Permit to become limited, suspended or revoked, except where such limitation, suspension, or revocation could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Credit Party shall comply with Section 6.16
as it relates to Regulatory Required Permits and to the extent that there is a conflict between this Section and Section 6.16 as
it relates to Regulatory Required Permits, Section 6.16 shall govern. 

6.2        Financial Statements, Reports,
Certificates.  

(a)       Each
Credit Party shall deliver to Agent and each Lender: (i) as soon as available, but no later than * * * after the last
day of each month, company prepared balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for each Credit Party covering
such Credit Parties consolidated operations for such monthly certified by a Responsible Officer and in a form reasonably acceptable
to Agent; (ii) as soon as available, but no later than * * * after the last day of each of Biocryst s fiscal quarters,
a company prepared consolidated and consolidating balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement covering such Credit
Party s consolidated operations for such month certified by a Responsible Officer and in a form acceptable to Agent and
each Lender; (iii) as soon as available, but no later than * * * after the last day of a Credit Party s fiscal
year, audited consolidated and consolidating financial statements prepared under GAAP, consistently applied, together with an
unqualified opinion on the financial statements from an independent certified public accounting firm acceptable to Agent and each
Lender in its reasonable discretion; (iv) as soon as available after approval thereof by such Credit Party s governing board,
but no later than * * * after the last day of such Credit Party s fiscal year, and as amended and/or updated,
such Credit Party s financial projections for the 

14   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

current fiscal year; (v) within * * * of delivery, copies
of all statements, reports and notices made available to all of such Credit Party s security holders or to any holders of
Subordinated Debt; (vi) in the event that such Credit Party is or becomes subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, within * * * of filing, all reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (  SEC  ) or a link thereto on such Credit Party s or another website on the Internet
(and, for avoidance of doubt, any notices required to be delivered pursuant to this Article 6 may be delivered by provision of
such SEC filings or links thereto, or by other electronic means); (vii) as soon as available, but no later than * * *
after the last day of each month, copies of the month-end account statements for each Collateral Account maintained by a Credit
Party, which statements may be provided to Agent and each Lender by Borrower or directly from the applicable institution(s); (viii)
promptly (and in any event within * * * of any request therefor) such readily available budgets, sales projections, operating
plans, financial information and other information, reports or statements regarding the Credit Parties or their respective businesses,
contractors and subcontractors reasonably requested by Agent or any Lender; and (ix) within * * * after any Credit Party
becomes aware of any claim or adjustment proposed for any prior tax years of any Credit Party or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries
which could result in additional Taxes becoming due and payable by such Credit Party or Restricted Subsidiary, notice of such claim
or adjustment. 

(b)                
Within * * * after the last day of each month, Borrower shall deliver to Agent and each Lender with the monthly statements
described above, a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer. 

(c)                
Borrower shall cause each Credit Party to keep proper books of record and account in accordance with GAAP in which full, true and
correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. Upon prior written notice
and during business hours (which such limitations shall not apply if a Default or Event of Default has occurred), Borrower shall
allow, and cause each Credit Party to allow, Agent and the Lenders to visit and inspect any properties of a Credit Party, to examine
and make abstracts or copies from any Credit Party s books, to conduct a collateral audit and analysis of its operations
and the Collateral to verify the amount and age of the accounts, the identity and credit of the respective account debtors, to
review the billing practices of the Credit Party and to discuss its respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective
officers, employees and independent public accountants as often as may reasonably be desired. Borrower shall reimburse Agent and
each Lender for all reasonable costs and expenses associated with such visits and inspections;  provided ,  however ,
that Borrower shall be required to reimburse Agent and each Lender for such costs and expenses for no more than one (1) such visit
and inspection per twelve (12)-month period unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred during such period. 

(d)                
Borrower shall, and shall cause each Credit Party to, deliver to Agent and each Lender, within * * * after the same are
received, copies of all correspondence, reports, documents and other filings with any Governmental Authority that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change (except that reporting related to Regulatory Required Permits and/or Regulatory
Reporting Events shall be governed by Section 6.16). 

6.3  Maintenance of Property. 
Borrower shall cause all equipment and other tangible personal property other than Inventory to be maintained and preserved in
the same condition, repair and in working order as of the date hereof, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and shall promptly make
or cause to be made all repairs, replacements and other improvements in connection therewith that are necessary or desirable to
such end. Borrower shall cause each Credit Party to keep all Inventory in good and marketable condition, free from material defects.
Returns and allowances between a Credit Party and its Account Debtors shall follow the Credit Party s customary practices
as they exist at the Closing Date. Borrower shall promptly notify Agent of all returns, recoveries, disputes and claims that involve
more than * * * of Inventory collectively among all Credit Parties. 

6.4  Taxes; Pensions.  Borrower
shall timely file and cause each Credit Party to timely file, all required tax returns and reports and timely pay, and cause each
Credit Party to timely pay, all foreign, federal, state, and local Taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed, and shall
deliver to Agent, on demand, appropriate certificates 

15   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

attesting to such payments;  provided ,  however , that
a Credit Party may defer payment of any contested Taxes, so long as such Credit Party (a) in good faith contests its obligation
to pay the Taxes by appropriate proceedings promptly and diligently instituted and conducted, (b) notifies Agent in writing of
the commencement of, and any material development in, the proceedings, and (c) posts bonds or takes any other steps required to
prevent the Governmental Authority levying such contested Taxes from obtaining a Lien upon any of the Collateral (such contest,
a   Permitted Contest  ). Borrower shall pay, and cause each Credit Party to pay, all amounts necessary to fund
all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms. Each Credit Party and their
ERISA Affiliates shall timely make all required contributions to each Pension Plan and shall maintain each  plan  (as
defined by Section 3(3) of ERISA) in material compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and
other federal and state laws. Borrower shall give written notice to Agent and each Lender promptly (and in any event within * * *)
upon Borrower becoming aware of any (w) Credit Party s or any ERISA Affiliate s failure to make any contribution required
to be made with respect to any Pension Plan not having been timely made, (x) notice of the PBGC s, any Credit Party s
or any ERISA Affiliate s intention to terminate or to have a trustee appointed to administer any such Pension Plan, or (y)
complete or partial withdrawal by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan. 

6.5        Insurance. 
Borrower shall, and shall cause each Credit Party to, keep its business and the Collateral insured for risks and in amounts standard
for companies in Borrower s industry and location and as Agent may reasonably request. Insurance policies shall be in a form,
with companies, and in amounts that are satisfactory to Agent. All property policies shall have a lender s loss payable endorsement
showing Agent as primary lender s loss payee and waive subrogation against Agent, and all liability policies shall show,
or have endorsements showing, Agent as an additional insured. No other loss payees may be shown on the policies other than (i)
loss payees showing on such policies as of the Closing Date and (ii) as Agent shall otherwise consent in writing. If required by
Agent, all policies (or the loss payable and additional insured endorsements) shall provide that the insurer shall endeavor to
give Agent at least * * * (* * * for non-payment of premium) notice before canceling, amending, or declining
to renew its policy. At Agent s request, Borrower shall deliver certified copies of all such Credit Party insurance policies
and evidence of all premium payments. If any Credit Party fails to obtain insurance as required under this Section 6.5 or to pay
any amount or furnish any required proof of payment to third persons and Agent, Agent may make all or part of such payment or obtain
such insurance policies required in this Section 6.5, and take any action under the policies Agent deems prudent. 

6.6        Collateral
Accounts.  Borrower shall, and shall cause each Credit Party to, provide Agent * * * prior written notice before establishing
any Collateral Account at or with any bank or financial institution. In addition, for each Collateral Account that any Credit Party
at any time maintains (and in connection with any such Collateral Account established after the Closing Date, prior to opening
such Collateral Account), Borrower shall, and shall cause each Credit Party to, cause the applicable bank or financial institution
at or with which any Collateral Account is maintained to execute and deliver a Control Agreement or other appropriate instrument
with respect to such Collateral Account to perfect Agent s Lien in such Collateral Account in accordance with the terms hereunder,
which Control Agreement,  inter alia , (a) provides that, upon written notice from Agent, such bank or financial institution
shall comply with instructions originated by Agent directing disposition of the funds in such Collateral Account without further
consent by Borrower and (b) may not be terminated without prior written consent of Agent. The provisions of the previous sentence
shall not apply to any Excluded Deposit Account;  provided ,  however , that at all times Borrower shall maintain one
(1) or more separate Deposit Accounts to hold any and all amounts to be used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage
and benefit payments, and shall not commingle any monies allocated for such purposes with funds in any other Deposit Account. 

6.7        Notices of Material Agreements,
Litigation and Defaults; Cooperation in Litigation.  

(a)       Borrower
shall promptly (and in any event within the time periods specified below) provide written notice to Agent and each Lender of the
following: 

(i)       Within
* * * of Borrower becoming aware of the existence of any Event of Default or event which, with the giving of notice
or passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default and which is reasonably expected by Borrower to become an Event
of Default; 

16   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(ii)                
Within * * * of Borrower becoming aware of (or having reason to believe any of the following are pending or threatened
in writing) any action, suit, proceeding or investigation by or against Borrower or any Credit Party which involves the possibility
of any judgment or liability of more than * * * or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change, or which questions the validity of any of the Financing Documents, or the other documents required thereby or any action
to be taken pursuant to any of the foregoing; and 

(iii)               
Within * * * of Borrower executing and delivering any Material Agreement or any material amendment, consent, waiver or
other modification to any Material Agreement or receiving or delivering any notice of termination or default or similar notice
in connection with any Material Agreement. 

(b)       Borrower
shall, and shall cause each Credit Party, to provide such further information (including copies of such documentation) as Agent
or any Lender shall reasonably request with respect to any of the events or notices described in paragraph (a). From the date hereof
and continuing through the termination of this Agreement, Borrower shall, and shall cause each Credit Party to, make available
to Agent and each Lender, without expense to Agent or any Lender, each Credit Party s officers, employees and agents and
books, to the extent that Agent or any Lender may deem them reasonably necessary to prosecute or defend any third-party suit or
proceeding instituted by or against Agent or any Lender with respect to any Collateral or relating to a Credit Party. 

6.8        Creation/Acquisition of Subsidiaries;
Restrictions on Investments.  

(a)                
Borrower shall provide Agent with at least * * * (or such shorter period as Agent may accept in its sole discretion)
prior written notice of its intention to create or, to the extent permitted pursuant to this Agreement, acquire a new Subsidiary
or Permitted Joint Venture. Upon such creation or, to the extent permitted hereunder, acquisition of any Subsidiary or Permitted
Joint Venture, Borrower and such Subsidiary shall promptly (and in any event within * * * of such creation or acquisition)
take all such action as may be reasonably required by Agent or the Required Lenders to cause each such Subsidiary (other than a
Foreign Subsidiary, an Excluded Domestic Holdco or a Permitted Joint Venture) to either, in the discretion of Agent, become a co-Borrower
hereunder or to guarantee the Obligations of Borrower under the Financing Documents and, in each case, grant a continuing pledge
and security interest in and to the assets of such Subsidiary (substantially as described on  Exhibit A  hereto); and Borrower
shall grant and pledge to Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, a perfected security interest in the stock, units or other
evidence of ownership of each Subsidiary and Permitted Joint Venture, except to the extent constituting Excluded Property (the
foregoing collectively, the   Joinder Requirements  );  provided  that Borrower shall not be permitted to
make any Investment in such Subsidiary until such time as Borrower has satisfied the Joinder Requirements, if applicable. 

(b)                
Borrower further agrees to ensure, and cause each Restricted Subsidiary to ensure, that the total amount of cash and cash equivalents
held by all Restricted Subsidiaries (other than cash and cash equivalents held by Credit Parties in Collateral Accounts that are
subject to Agent s first priority perfected security interest), shall not, at any time, exceed * * *. Without limiting
the forgoing or the provisions of Section 7, no Credit Party may contribute or otherwise transfer any assets to any Restricted
Subsidiary other than (i) cash and cash equivalents permitted to be invested pursuant to clauses (f) and (i) of the definition
of  Permitted Investments  and (ii) with respect to any Subsidiary that is a Permitted Joint Venture, any Permitted
License permitted pursuant to clause (j) of the definition of  Permitted Investments.  

(c)                
Following (i) the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default and (ii) the exercise by Agent of any right, option or remedy
provided for hereunder, under any Financing Document or at law or in equity, Borrower shall cause each Foreign Subsidiary controlled
(directly or indirectly) by Borrower to declare and pay to Borrower the maximum amount of dividends and other distributions in
respect of its capital stock or other equity interest legally permitted to be paid by each such Foreign Subsidiary;  provided
 that such Foreign Subsidiary shall be able to retain for working capital purposes such amounts used by such Foreign Subsidiaries
in the Ordinary Course of Business and as are reasonably necessary for its operations based on its current projections, as provided
to Agent pursuant to Section 6.2. 

17   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

6.9  Use of Proceeds.  Borrower
shall use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions solely for (a) transaction fees incurred in connection with the Financing Documents,
(b) working capital needs of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and (c) any other Permitted Purpose specified in the Credit Facility
Schedule for such Credit Facility. No portion of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions will be used for family, personal, agricultural
or household use or to purchase Margin Stock. 

6.10  Hazardous Materials; Remediation.   

(a)                
If any release or disposal of Hazardous Materials shall occur or shall have occurred on any real property or any other assets of
Borrower or any other Credit Party, Borrower will cause, or direct the applicable Credit Party to cause, the prompt containment
and removal of such Hazardous Materials and the remediation of such real property or other assets as is necessary to comply with
all Laws and to preserve the value of such real property or other assets. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower
shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, comply with each Law requiring the performance at any real property by Borrower
or any other Credit Party of activities in response to the release or threatened release of a Hazardous Material. 

(b)                
Borrower will provide Agent within * * * after written demand therefor with a bond, letter of credit or similar financial
assurance evidencing to the reasonable satisfaction of Agent that sufficient funds are available to pay the cost of removing, treating
and disposing of any Hazardous Materials or Hazardous Materials Contamination and discharging any assessment which may be established
on any property as a result thereof, such demand to be made, if at all, upon Agent s determination that the failure to remove,
treat or dispose of any Hazardous Materials or Hazardous Materials Contamination, or the failure to discharge any such assessment
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(c)                
If there is any conflict between this Section 6.10 and any environmental indemnity agreement which is a Financing Document, the
environmental indemnity agreement shall govern and control. 

6.11  Power of Attorney.  Each of the officers
of Agent is hereby irrevocably made, constituted and appointed the true and lawful attorney for Borrower (without requiring any
of them to act as such) with full power of substitution to do the following: (a) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance,
security interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral (in each case, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred,
other than Permitted Liens), or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same; (b)
so long as Agent has provided not less than * * * prior written notice to Borrower to perform the same and Borrower
has failed to take such action, (i) execute in the name of any Person comprising Borrower any schedules, assignments, instruments,
documents, and statements that Borrower is obligated to give Agent under this Agreement or that Agent or any Lender deems necessary
to perfect or better perfect Agent s security interest or Lien in any Collateral, (ii) do such other and further acts and
deeds in the name of Borrower that Agent may deem necessary or desirable to enforce, protect or preserve any Collateral or its
rights therein, including, but not limited to, to sign Borrower s name on any invoice or bill of lading for any Account
or drafts against Account Debtors, and (iii) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (A) endorse
the name of Borrower upon any and all checks, drafts, money orders, and other instruments for the payment of money that are payable
to Borrower; (B) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrower s insurance policies; (C) take any action any Credit
Party is required to take under this Agreement or any other Financing Document; (D) transfer the Collateral into the name of Agent
or a third party as the Code permits; (E) exercise any rights and remedies described in this Agreement or the other Financing
Documents; and (F) do such other and further acts and deeds in the name of Borrower that Agent may deem necessary or desirable
to enforce its rights with regard to any Collateral. 

6.12  Further Assurances.  Borrower shall, and shall cause each
Credit Party and their Restricted Subsidiaries to, promptly execute any further instruments and take further action as Agent reasonably
requests to perfect or better perfect or continue Agent s Lien in the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this Agreement
or any other Financing Document. 

6.13  Post-Closing Obligations. 
Borrower shall, and shall cause each Credit Party to, complete each of the post-closing obligations and/or deliver to Agent each
of the documents, instruments, agreements and information 

18   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

listed on the  Post-Closing Obligations Schedule  attached
hereto, on or before the date set forth for each such item thereon (as the same may be extended by Agent in writing in its reasonable
discretion), each of which shall be completed or provided in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and the Lenders. 

6.14  Disclosure Schedule Updates.  Borrower shall, in the
event of any information in the  Disclosure Schedule  becoming in any material respect outdated, inaccurate, incomplete
or misleading, deliver to Agent, (x) if such event occurs on or after March 31 st  and on or before September
30 th  of the applicable year, together with the Compliance Certificate to be delivered under this Agreement with
respect to the period ending September 30 th  of such year, and (y) if such event occurs after September
30 th  applicable year and on or before March 31 st  of the following year of the, together with the
Compliance Certificate to be delivered under this Agreement with respect to the period ending March 31 st  of such
year, a proposed update to the  Disclosure Schedule  correcting all information that is outdated, inaccurate, incomplete
or misleading in any material respect;  provided ,  however , (a) with respect to any proposed updates to the  Disclosure
Schedule  involving Permitted Liens, Permitted Indebtedness or Permitted Investments, Agent will replace the  Disclosure
Schedule  attached hereto with such proposed update only if such updated information is consistent with the definitions of
and limitations herein pertaining to Permitted Liens, Permitted Indebtedness or Permitted Investments and (b) with respect to
any proposed updates to the  Disclosure Schedule  involving other matters, Agent will replace the applicable portion of
the  Disclosure Schedule  attached hereto with such proposed update upon Agent s approval thereof. 

6.15  Intellectual Property and Licensing.  

(a)                
Together with each Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.2(b) for the periods ending March 31 st 
and September 30 th , respectively, of each year, to the extent (i) Borrower acquires and/or develops any new Registered
Intellectual Property registered in any Registered IP Disclosure Location, or (ii) Borrower enters into or becomes bound by any
additional material in-bound license or sublicense agreement, any additional exclusive out-bound license or sublicense agreement
or other agreement with respect to material rights in Intellectual Property (other than over-the-counter software that is commercially
available to the public), or (iii) there occurs any other material change in Borrower s Registered Intellectual Property
registered in any Registered IP Disclosure Location, in-bound licenses or sublicenses or exclusive out-bound licenses or sublicenses
from that listed on the  Intangible Assets Schedule , together with such Compliance Certificate, deliver to Agent an updated
 Intangible Assets Schedule  reflecting such updated information. 

(b)                
If Borrower obtains any Registered Intellectual Property (other than copyrights, mask works and related applications, which are
addressed below) registered in any Registered IP Disclosure Location, Borrower shall promptly execute such intellectual property
security agreements (which shall be filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office) and other documents and provide such
other information (including, without limitation, copies of applications) and take such other actions as Agent shall request in
its good faith business judgment to perfect and maintain a first priority perfected security interest in favor of Agent, for the
ratable benefit of Lenders, in such property. If Borrower decides to register any copyrights or mask works in the United States
Copyright Office, Borrower shall: (i) provide Agent with at least * * * prior written notice of Borrower s intent
to register such copyrights or mask works together with a copy of the application it intends to file with the United States Copyright
Office (excluding Exhibits thereto); (ii) execute an intellectual property security agreement and such other documents and provide
such other information and take such other actions as Agent may request in its good faith business judgment to perfect and maintain
a first priority perfected security interest in favor of Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, in the copyrights or mask
works intended to be registered with the United States Copyright Office; and (iii) record such intellectual property security agreement
with the United States Copyright Office contemporaneously with filing the copyright or mask work application(s) with the United
States Copyright Office. 

(c)                
Upon Agent s request, Borrower shall exercise its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of, or waiver by,
any person whose consent or waiver is necessary for (i) all licenses or agreements to be deemed  Collateral  and for
Agent to have a security interest in it that might otherwise be restricted or prohibited by Law or by the terms of any such license
or agreement, whether now existing or entered into in the future, and (ii) Agent to have the ability in the event of a liquidation
of any Collateral to dispose of such Collateral in accordance 

19   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

with Agent s rights and remedies under this Agreement and
the other Financing Documents;  provided , that the requirements of this paragraph (c) shall not apply with respect to the
Seqirus UK License Agreement. 

(d)                
Borrower shall own, or be licensed to use or otherwise have the right to use, all Material Intangible Assets. Borrower shall cause
all Registered Intellectual Property to be duly and properly registered, filed or issued in the appropriate office and jurisdictions
for such registrations, filings or issuances, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change. Borrower shall at all times conduct its business without infringement or claim of infringement of any
Intellectual Property rights of others. Borrower shall (i) protect, defend and maintain the validity and enforceability of its
Material Intangible Assets (ii) promptly advise Agent in writing of material infringements of its Material Intangible Assets, or
of a material claim of infringement by Borrower on the Intellectual Property rights of others; and (iii) not allow, except as permitted
under Section 7.1(j), any of Borrower s Material Intangible Assets to be abandoned, invalidated, forfeited or dedicated to
the public or to become unenforceable. Borrower shall not become a party to, nor become bound by, any material license or other
similar material agreement with respect to which Borrower is the licensee that prohibits or otherwise restricts Borrower from granting
a security interest in Borrower s interest in such license or agreement or other property. 

6.16        Regulatory Reporting and Covenants.  

(a)                
Borrower shall notify Agent and each Lender promptly, and in any event within * * * of receiving, becoming aware of or
determining that (each, a   Regulatory Reporting Event   and collectively, the   Regulatory Reporting
Events  ): (i) any Governmental Authority, specifically including the FDA is conducting or has conducted (A) if applicable,
any investigation of Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  manufacturing facilities and processes for any Product (or any
investigation of the facility of a contract manufacturer engaged by Borrower or is Subsidiaries in respect of a Product of which
Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries are aware), which has disclosed any material deficiencies or violations of Laws and/or the Regulatory
Required Permits related thereto or (B) an investigation or review of any Regulatory Required Permit (other than routine reviews
in the Ordinary Course of Business associated with the renewal of a Regulatory Required Permit), (ii) development, testing, and/or
manufacturing of any Product should cease, (iii) if a Product has been approved for marketing and sale, any marketing or sales
of such Product should cease or such Product should be withdrawn from the marketplace, (iv) any Regulatory Required Permit has
been revoked or withdrawn, (v) adverse clinical test results have occurred with respect to any Product, (vi) any Product recalls
or voluntary Product withdrawals from any market (other than with respect to discrete batches or lots that are not material in
quantity or amount and are not made in conjunction with a larger recall) have occurred, or (vii) any significant failures in the
manufacturing of any Product have occurred such that the amount of such Product successfully manufactured in accordance with all
specifications thereof and the required payments to be made to Borrower therefor in any month shall decrease significantly with
respect to the quantities of such Product and payments produced in the prior month, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i)  
(vii), to the extent that such event could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Borrower shall provide
to Agent or any Lender such further information (including copies of such documentation) as Agent or any Lender shall reasonably
request with respect to any such Regulatory Reporting Event. 

(b)                
Borrower shall, and shall cause each Credit Party to, obtain and, to the extent applicable, use commercially reasonable efforts
to cause all third parties to obtain, all Regulatory Required Permits necessary for compliance in all material respects with Laws
with respect to testing, manufacturing, developing, selling or marketing of Products and shall, and shall cause each Credit Party
to, maintain and comply fully and completely in all respects with all such Regulatory Required Permits, the noncompliance with
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. In the event Borrower or any Credit Party obtains any
new material Regulatory Required Permit or any information on the  Required Permits Schedule  becomes outdated, inaccurate,
incomplete or misleading, Borrower shall, together with the next Compliance Certificate required to be delivered under this Agreement
after such event or within * * *, if earlier, provide Agent with an updated  Required Permits Schedule  including
such updated information. 

(c)                
If, after the Closing Date, (i) Borrower determines to manufacture, sell, develop, test or market any new material Product (by
itself or through a third party), Borrower shall deliver prior written notice to Agent of 

20   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

such determination (which shall include a brief description of such
Product) and (x) if such determination occurs on or after March 31 st  and on or before September 30 th  of the
applicable year, together with the Compliance Certificate to be delivered under this Agreement with respect to the period ending
September 30 th  of such year, and (y) if such determination occurs after September 30 th  applicable year and
on or before March 31 st  of the following year of the, together with the Compliance Certificate to be delivered under
this Agreement with respect to the period ending March 31 st  of such year, shall provide an updated  Intangible Assets
Schedule ,  Products Schedule  and  Required Permits Schedule  (and copies of such Required Permits as Agent may request)
reflecting updates related to such determination. 

6.17        Peramivir
SPE.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, the Peramivir SPE shall, and BioCryst shall cause the Peramivir
SPE to, (a) comply with each of the covenants set forth on the SPE Covenant Schedule attached hereto (the   SPE Covenants  )
and (b) include each of the covenants set forth on the SPE Covenant Schedule attached hereto in the organizational documents of
the Peramivir SPE. 

6.18        JPR Royalty Sub.  

(a)                
Until discharge of the Indenture pursuant to and in accordance with Section 11.1 thereof, Biocryst hereby agrees that it shall,
to the extent required by the Indenture and other Deal Documents (as defined in the Indenture), and all agreements and documents
entered into from time to time in connection therewith (including, without limitation, any amendments or modifications thereof)
and not otherwise prohibited pursuant to the terms of the Financing Documents, perform (i) its obligations under the Royalty Hedge
Documents, (ii) such administrative activities necessary to maintain the continuing existence of JPR Royalty Sub, such as completing
required annual registration or report filings with state filing offices, and (iii) such activities in the Ordinary Course of Business
incidental to its ownership of the equity interests of JPR Royalty Sub, to the extent that failure perform any of the foregoing
activities described in clauses (a)(i), (ii) and (iii) could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(b)                
Until discharge of the Indenture pursuant to and in accordance with Section 11.1 thereof, it shall constitute a breach of this
Section 6.18(b) by Borrowers if JPR Royalty Sub shall (i) transact or engage in any activities, business or operations or consummate
any transactions other than the performance of its obligations and activities reasonably incidental thereto under the Indenture
and the other Deal Documents, and all agreements and documents entered into from time to time in connection therewith (including,
without limitation, any amendments or modifications thereof), (ii) amend the terms of the Indenture or the other Deal Documents
in a manner that is materially adverse to Agent or any Lender or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change, (iii) allow its organizational documents to be modified in a manner (A) that is adverse to Agent or any Lender in any material
respect, (B) that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or (C) that would have the effect of eliminating
or modifying any of the  special purpose entity  restrictions set forth in such organizational documents (iv) violate
the  special purpose entity  restrictions set forth in such organizational documents in any material respect or (v)
merge or consolidate with any other entity. 

(c)                
Following discharge of the Indenture pursuant to and accordance with Section 11.1 thereof, Borrower shall, within * * *
or, if not then permitted pursuant to the Indenture or other Deal Documents, within * * * of such first date thereafter
as may be permitted under the Indenture and such other Deal Documents, and at its election, either (a) dissolve JPR Royalty Sub
and liquidate its assets into Borrower or (b) take such actions required by Agent to cause JPR Royalty Sub to become a Borrower
or Credit Party under the Financing Documents pursuant to the Joinder Requirements set forth in Section 6.8 with respect to newly
formed or acquired Subsidiaries. 

7.       NEGATIVE COVENANTS  

Borrower shall not do, nor shall it permit
any Credit Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to do, any of the following without the prior written consent of Agent: 

21   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

7.1  Dispositions.  Convey, sell, abandon, lease, license, transfer,
assign or otherwise dispose of (collectively,   Transfer  ) all or any part of its business or property, except
for (a) sales, transfers or dispositions of Inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business or that is no longer used or useful in
Borrower s business; (b) sales or abandonment of (i) worn-out or obsolete Equipment or (ii) other Equipment that is no longer
used or useful in the business of Borrower with a fair salable value not to exceed * * * in the aggregate for all such
Equipment; (c) to the extent constituting a Transfer, Permitted Liens; (d) to the extent they may constitute a Transfer, Permitted
Investments; (e) Permitted Licenses; (f) dispositions of Clinical Trial Material that, in the good faith determination of Borrower,
is no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (g) dispositions of Inventory and
Clinical Trial Material to licensees in connection with, and pursuant to reasonable and customary terms of, a Permitted Licenses;
(h) the sale, transfer, or disposition of the Patheon Inventory pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Seqirus UK License Agreement; (i)
Transfers among Borrowers;  provided  that no such Transfer shall be permitted that would cause a violation of the SPE Covenants;
(j) abandonment of Intellectual Property rights in the Ordinary Course of Business that, in the good faith determination of Borrower,
are obsolete, no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the cost of maintaining
such Intellectual Property would outweigh the benefit to Borrower and its Subsidiaries of so maintaining it; (k) dispositions
of accounts receivable to a third party in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the Ordinary Course
of Business exclusive of factoring or similar arrangements; and (m) leases of tangible personal property and real property in
the Ordinary Course of Business to third parties for fair and reasonable consideration. 

7.2  Changes in Business, Management, Ownership or Business Locations.
 (a) Engage in, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in, any business other than the businesses currently engaged in
by Borrower, such Credit Party or such Subsidiary, as applicable, or reasonably related thereto; (b) liquidate or dissolve; (c)
(i) have a change in senior management where an interim replacement, as approved by Borrower s or such Credit Party s
board of directors, has not been named and hired by not later than * * * after such change, or (ii) enter into any transaction
or series of related transactions which would result in a Change in Control unless the agreements with respect to such transactions
provide for either (A) the indefeasible payment in full of the Obligations substantially concurrently therewith or (B) the consent
of Agent and the Lenders as a condition precedent to the consummation thereof; (d) add any new offices or business locations,
or enter into any new leases with respect to existing offices or business locations without first delivering a fully-executed
Access Agreement to Agent (except as otherwise provided below); (e) change its jurisdiction of organization; (f) change its organizational
structure or type; (g) change its legal name; (h) change any organizational number (if any) assigned by its jurisdiction of organization.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of subpart (d) above,  provided  that the applicable lease or license agreement,
or applicable law, does not grant to the landlord or licensor any Lien upon intangible assets of the tenant or licensee, subpart
(d) shall not restrict leases or licenses for (x) such new or existing offices or business locations containing less than * * *
in Borrower s assets or property and not containing Borrower s Books and (y) any new or existing business location
constituting a warehouse, consignee or bailee location that does not contain any of Borrower s Books and would not otherwise
require an Access Agreement pursuant to Section 4.2(e). 

7.3  Mergers or Acquisitions. 
Merge or consolidate with any other Person, or acquire all or substantially all of the capital stock or property of another Person,
 provided, however , that (a) a Credit Party may merge or consolidate into another Credit Party, (b) a Domestic Subsidiary
may merge or consolidate into another Domestic Subsidiary that is a Credit Party, (c) a Domestic Subsidiary that is not a Credit
Party may merge or consolidate into another Domestic Subsidiary and (d) a Foreign Subsidiary may merge or consolidate into another
Foreign Subsidiary, so long as, in each case, (i) Borrower has provided Agent with prior written notice of such transaction, (ii)
if a Credit Party is a party thereto, a Person already comprising a Credit Party shall be the surviving legal entity, (iii) if
the Borrower is a party thereto, the Borrower shall be the surviving legal entity, (d) if a Credit Party is a party thereto, the
surviving Credit Party s tangible net worth is not thereby reduced, (e) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
prior thereto or arises as a result therefrom  provided, further , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Peramivir SPE shall
not be entitled to enter into any such merger, consolidation or acquisition if doing so would cause a violation of the SPE Covenants
and (f) dissolutions or liquidations by Credit Parties of their Subsidiaries (other than any Borrower) so long as any assets of
such dissolved or liquidated Person are transferred to a Borrower. 

22   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

7.4  Indebtedness.  (a) Create, incur, assume, or be liable for
any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness or (b) purchase, redeem, defease or prepay any principal of, premium, if any,
interest or other amount payable in respect of any Indebtedness (other than with respect to the Obligations as described in Section
2.3) prior to its maturity or scheduled payment date, as applicable. 

7.5  Encumbrance.  (a) Create, incur, allow, or suffer any Lien
on any of its property, except for Permitted Liens, (b) permit any Collateral to fail to be subject to the first priority security
interest granted herein except for Permitted Liens that may have priority by operation of applicable Law or by the terms of a
written intercreditor or subordination agreement entered into by Agent, or (c) enter into any agreement, document, instrument
or other arrangement (except with or in favor of Agent) with any Person which directly or indirectly prohibits or has the effect
of prohibiting Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from assigning, mortgaging, pledging, granting a security interest in or
upon, or encumbering any of Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s Collateral, except as is otherwise permitted
in the definition of  Permitted Liens  herein. 

7.6  Maintenance of Collateral Accounts.  Maintain any Collateral
Account, except pursuant to the terms of Section 6.6 hereof. 

7.7  Distributions; Investments; Margin Stock.  (a) Pay any dividends
(other than (i) dividends payable solely in common stock and (ii) dividends paid to BioCryst by any Subsidiary thereof (or by
any Subsidiary of BioCryst to its direct parent entity)) or make any distribution or payment with respect to or redeem, retire
or purchase or repurchase any of its equity interests (other than repurchases pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase
plans, employee restricted stock agreements or similar plans), or (b) directly or indirectly make any Investment (including, without
limitation, any additional Investment in any Subsidiary) other than Permitted Investments. Without limiting the foregoing, Borrower
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Credit Party to, purchase or carry Margin Stock. 

7.8  Transactions with Affiliates.  Directly or indirectly enter
into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of any Credit Party, except for (a) transactions that are
in the Ordinary Course of Business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to Borrower than would be obtained
in an arm s length transaction with a non-affiliated Person, (b) transactions permitted by Section 7.7(a) of this Agreement,
and (c) transactions exclusively among Credit Parties not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement, including with respect to the
Peramivir SPE, by the SPE Covenants. 

7.9  Subordinated Debt.  (a) Make or permit any payment on any
Subordinated Debt, except to the extent expressly permitted to be made pursuant to the terms of the Subordination Agreement to
which such Subordinated Debt is subject, or (b) amend any provision in any document relating to the Subordinated Debt other than
as may be expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of any applicable Subordination Agreement to which such Subordinated Debt
is subject. 

7.10  Compliance.  Become an  investment
company  or a company controlled by an  investment company , under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
or undertake as one of its important activities extending credit to purchase or carry Margin Stock, or use the proceeds of any
Credit Extension for that purpose; (a) fail, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to fail, to meet  minimum funding standards 
(as defined in Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, (b) permit (with respect
to any Credit Party, any Restricted Subsidiary of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof) a  reportable event 
as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA (or the regulations issued thereunder) (other than an event for which the thirty (30)-day
notice requirement is waived) to occur, (c) engage in any  prohibited transaction  within the meaning of Section 406
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code that could result in liability in excess of * * * in the aggregate
or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (d) fail to comply with the Federal Fair Labor Standards
Act that could result in liability in excess of * * * in the aggregate or that could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change; (e) permit (with respect to any Credit Party, any Restricted Subsidiary of any Credit Party or any
ERISA Affiliate thereof) the withdrawal from participation in any Pension Plan, or (f) incur, or permit any 

23   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Credit Party, any Restricted Subsidiary of any Credit Party or any
ERISA Affiliate thereof to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA (other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under
Section 4007 of ERISA). 

7.11        Amendments
to Organization Documents and Material Agreements.  Amend, modify or waive any provision of (a) any Material Agreement in a
manner that is materially adverse to Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, that is adverse to Agent or any Lender, that pertains
to rights to assign or grant a security interest in such Material Agreement or that could or could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change, or (b) any of its organizational documents (other than a change in registered agents, or a change
that could not adversely affect the rights of Agent or Lenders hereunder, but, for the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances
a change of its name, type of organization or jurisdiction of organization), in each case, without the prior written consent of
Agent. Borrower shall provide to Agent copies of all amendments, waivers and modifications of any Material Agreement or organizational
documents. Without limiting the foregoing, no Borrower shall allow the Intercompany License Agreement to be terminated without
Agent s prior written consent. 

7.12        Compliance
with Anti-Terrorism Laws.  Directly or indirectly, knowingly enter into any documents, instruments, agreements or contracts
with any Person listed on the OFAC Lists. Borrower shall immediately notify Agent if Borrower has knowledge that Borrower or any
Subsidiary, Affiliate or direct or indirect parent of a joint venture is listed on the OFAC Lists or (a) is convicted on, (b) pleads
 nobo contendere  to, (c) is indicted on, or (d) is arraigned and held over on charges involving money laundering or predicate
crimes to money laundering. Borrower will not, nor will Borrower permit any Subsidiary, Affiliate or direct or indirect parent
of a joint venture to, directly or indirectly, (i) conduct any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with any Blocked
Person, including, without limitation, the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit
of any Blocked Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property
blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, any similar executive order or other Anti-Terrorism Law, or (iii) engage in or conspire
to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the
prohibitions set forth in Executive Order No. 13224 or other Anti-Terrorism Law. Agent hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to
the requirements of Anti-Terrorism Laws, and Agent s policies and practices, Agent is required to obtain, verify and record
certain information and documentation that identifies Borrower and its principals, which information includes the name and address
of Borrower and its principals and such other information that will allow Agent to identify such party in accordance with Anti-Terrorism
Laws. 

7.13        Joint Ventures.   

(a)                
No Borrower will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, commingle any of its assets (including any bank accounts, cash or cash
equivalents) with the assets of any joint venture, including any Permitted Joint Venture. 

(b)                
No Borrower will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into or own any interest in a joint venture that is not itself a
corporation or limited liability company or other legal entity in respect of which the equity holders are not liable for the obligations
of such entity as a matter of law. 

8.                  
RESERVED  

9.                  
RESERVED  

10.               
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  

10.1        Events
of Default.  The occurrence of any of the following conditions and/or events, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation
of law or otherwise, shall constitute an   Event of Default   and Credit Parties shall thereupon be in default
under this Agreement and each of the other Financing Documents: 

(a)       Borrower
fails to (i) make any payment of principal or interest on any Credit Extension on its due date, or (ii) pay any other Obligations
within * * * after such Obligations are due and payable 

24   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(which * * * grace period shall not apply to
payments due on the Maturity Date or the date of acceleration pursuant to Section 10.2 hereof); 

(b)                
any Credit Party defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained in this Agreement or in any other Financing
Document (other than occurrences described in other provisions of this Section 10.1 for which a different grace or cure period
is specified or for which no grace or cure period is specified and thereby constitute immediate Events of Default) and such default
is not remedied by the Credit Party or waived by Agent within * * * after the earlier of (i) the date of receipt by Borrower
of notice from Agent or the Required Lenders of such default, or (ii) the date an officer of such Credit Party becomes aware, or
through the exercise of reasonable diligence should have become aware, of such default;  provided ,  however , that if
the default cannot by its nature be cured within the * * * period or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured
within such * * * period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, then Borrower shall have an
additional reasonable period (which shall not in any case exceed * * * following such initial * * * period)
to attempt to cure such default, and within such reasonable time period the failure to have cured such default shall not be deemed
an Event of Default; 

(c)                
any Credit Party defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained in Section 6.2, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6, 6.7(a), 6.8,
6.9, 6.10, 6.13, 6.15, 6.16, 6.18 or Article 7; 

(d)                
any representation, warranty, certification or written statement made by any Credit Party, and holder of Subordinated Debt or any
other Person acting for or on behalf of a Credit Party or a holder of Subordinated Debt (i) in any Financing Document or in any
certificate, financial statement or other document delivered pursuant to any Financing Document, or (ii) to induce Agent and/or
Lenders to enter into this Agreement or any Financing Document is incorrect in any respect (or in any material respect if such
representation, warranty, certification or written statement is not by its terms already qualified as to materiality) when made
(or deemed made); 

(e)                
(i) any Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof defaults under or breaches any Material Agreement (after any applicable
grace period contained therein), or a Material Agreement shall be terminated by a third party or parties thereto prior to the expiration
thereof, or there is a loss of a material right of a Credit Party under any Material Agreement to which it is a party, in each
case which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, (ii) (A) any Credit Party or an Restricted Subsidiary
thereof fails to make (after any applicable grace period) any payment when due (whether due because of scheduled maturity, required
prepayment provisions, acceleration, demand or otherwise) on any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of such Credit Party
or such Restricted Subsidiary having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including
amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than * * * (  Material
Indebtedness  ), (B) any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any contractual obligation relating to
any such Material Indebtedness, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of (without
regard to any subordination terms with respect thereto), the maturity of such Material Indebtedness or (C) any such Material Indebtedness
shall become or be declared to be due and payable, or be required to be prepaid, redeemed, defeased or repurchased (other than
by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), prior to the stated maturity thereof, (iii) any Credit Party defaults (beyond any
applicable grace period) under any obligation for payments due or otherwise under any lease agreement for such Credit Party s
principal place of business or any place of business that meets the criteria for the requirement of an Access Agreement under Section
7.2 or for which an Access Agreement exists or was required to be delivered, (iv) the occurrence of any breach or default under
any terms or provisions of any Subordinated Debt Document or under any agreement subordinating the Subordinated Debt to all or
any portion of the Obligations, or the occurrence of any event requiring the prepayment of any Subordinated Debt, or the delivery
of any notice with respect to any Subordinated Debt or pursuant to any Subordination Agreement that triggers the start of any standstill
or similar period under any Subordination Agreement, or (v) Borrower makes any payment on account of any Indebtedness that has
been subordinated to any of the Obligations, other than payments specifically permitted by the terms of such subordination; 

(f)                 
(i) any Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, shall admit in writing
its inability to pay its debts generally, (ii) any Credit Party or any Restricted 

25   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Subsidiary shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or shall cease doing business as a going concern, (iii) any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Credit Party or any
Restricted Subsidiary in any jurisdiction seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent or seeking liquidation, winding up,
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, composition of it or its debts or any similar order, in each case
under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or seeking the entry of an order for relief
or the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee, conservator, liquidating agent, liquidator, other similar official or other
official with similar powers, in each case for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceedings
instituted against (but not by or with the consent of) such Credit Party or Restricted Subsidiary, either such proceedings shall
remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of * * * or more or any action sought in such proceedings shall occur or
(iv) any Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof shall take any corporate or similar action or any other action to authorize
any action described in  clause (i)-(iii)  above; 

(g)                
(i) the service of process seeking to attach, execute or levy upon, seize or confiscate any Collateral Account, any Intellectual
Property, or any funds of any Credit Party on deposit with Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate of Agent or any Lender, or (ii) a
notice of lien, levy, or assessment is filed against any assets of a Credit Party by any government agency, and the same under
clauses (i) and (ii) hereof are not discharged or stayed (whether through the posting of a bond or otherwise) prior to the earlier
to occur of * * * after the occurrence thereof or such action becoming effective; 

(h)                
(i) any court order enjoins, restrains, or prevents Borrower from conducting any material part of its business, (ii) the institution
by any Governmental Authority of criminal proceedings against any Credit Party or its Restricted Subsidiary, or (iii) one (1) or
more judgments or orders for the payment of money (not paid or fully covered by insurance and as to which the relevant insurance
company has acknowledged coverage in writing) aggregating in excess of * * * shall be rendered against any or all Credit
Parties or their Restricted Subsidiaries and either (A) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon
any such judgments or orders, or (B) there shall be any period of * * * during which a stay of enforcement of any such
judgments or orders, by reason of a pending appeal, bond or otherwise, shall not be in effect, 

(i)                  
any Lien created by any of the Financing Documents shall at any time fail to constitute a valid and perfected Lien on all of the
Collateral purported to be encumbered thereby, subject to no prior or equal Lien except Permitted Liens, or any Credit Party shall
so assert; any provision of any Financing Document shall fail to be valid and binding on, or enforceable against, a Credit Party,
or any Credit Party shall so assert; 

(j)                 
(i) a Change in Control occurs or (ii) any Credit Party or direct or indirect equity owner in a Credit Party shall enter into an
agreement which contemplates a Change in Control (unless such agreement is either (A) non-binding on such Credit Party or (B) provides
for, as a condition precedent to the consummation of such agreement, either (I) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all
Obligations or (II) the consent of Agent and Lenders); 

(k)                
any Required Permit shall have been (i) revoked, rescinded, suspended, modified in a materially adverse manner or not renewed in
the Ordinary Course of Business for a full term, or (ii) subject to any decision by a Governmental Authority that designates a
hearing with respect to any applications for renewal of any of such Required Permit or that could result in the Governmental Authority
taking any of the actions described in clause (i) above, and such decision or such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification
or non-renewal results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Change; 

(l)                  
(i) the voluntary withdrawal or institution of any action or proceeding by the FDA or similar Governmental Authority to order
the withdrawal of the RAPIVAB Product from the market in the United States, Canada, or Europe, or to enjoin Borrower, its Restricted
Subsidiaries or any representative of Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries from manufacturing, marketing, selling or distributing
any RAPIVAB Product in the United States, Canada, or Europe, (ii) the voluntary withdrawal or institution of any action or proceeding
by the FDA or similar Governmental Authority to order the withdrawal of any other Product or Product category from the market
or to enjoin Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries or any representative of Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries 

26   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

from manufacturing, marketing, selling or distributing such other
Product or Product category, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, (iii) the institution of
any action or proceeding by any DEA, FDA, or any other Governmental Authority to revoke, suspend, reject, withdraw, limit, or restrict
any Regulatory Required Permit held by Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries or any representative of Borrower or its Restricted
Subsidiaries, which, in each case, has or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, (iv) the commencement
of any enforcement action against Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries or any representative of Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries
(with respect to the business of Borrower or its Subsidiaries) by DEA, FDA, or any other Governmental Authority which has or could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or (v) the occurrence of adverse test results in connection with
a Product which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; 

(m)              
if Borrower is or becomes an entity whose equity is registered with the SEC, and/or is publicly traded on and/or registered with
a public securities exchange, Borrower s equity fails to remain registered with the SEC in good standing, and/or such equity
fails to remain publicly traded on and registered with a public securities exchange; or 

(n)                
the occurrence of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

All cure periods provided for in this Section 10.1 shall run concurrently
with any cure period provided for in any applicable Financing Documents under which the default occurred. 

10.2        Rights and Remedies.  

(a)                
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may, and at the written direction of any Lender shall,
without notice or demand, do any or all of the following: (i) deliver notice of the Event of Default to Borrower, (ii) by notice
to Borrower declare all Obligations immediately due and payable (but if an Event of Default described in Section 10.1(f) occurs
all Obligations shall be immediately due and payable without any action by Agent or the Lenders), or (iii) by notice to Borrower
suspend or terminate the obligations, if any, of the Lenders to advance money or extend credit for Borrower s benefit under
this Agreement or under any other agreement between any Credit Party and Agent and/or the Lenders (but if an Event of Default described
in Section 10.1(f) occurs all obligations, if any, of the Lenders to advance money or extend credit for Borrower s benefit
under this Agreement or under any other agreement between Borrower and Agent and/or the Lenders shall be immediately terminated
without any action by Agent or the Lenders). 

(b)                
Without limiting the rights of Agent and the Lenders set forth in Section 10.2(a) above, upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the right, without notice or demand, to do any or all of the following: 

(i)                  
with or without legal process, enter any premises where the Collateral may be and take possession of and remove the Collateral
from the premises or store it on the premises, and foreclose upon and/or sell, lease or liquidate, the Collateral, in whole or
in part; 

(ii)                
apply to the Obligations (A) any balances and deposits of any Credit Party that Agent or any Lender or any Affiliate of Agent or
a Lender holds or controls, or (B) any amount held or controlled by Agent or any Lender or any Affiliate of Agent or a Lender owing
to or for the credit or the account of any Credit Party; 

(iii)               
settle, compromise or adjust and grant releases with respect to disputes and claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on
terms and in any order that Agent considers advisable, notify any Person owing any Credit Party money of Agent s security
interest in such funds, and verify the amount of such Account; 

(iv)              
make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its security interest
in the Collateral. Borrower shall assemble the Collateral if Agent requests and 

27   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

make it available as Agent designates. Agent may also render any
or all of the Collateral unusable at a Credit Party s premises and may dispose of such Collateral on such premises without
liability for rent or costs. Borrower grants Agent a license to enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise
any of Agent s rights or remedies; 

(v)                
pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and pay all expenses
incurred; 

(vi)              
ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, and/or advertise for sale, the Collateral. Agent is
hereby granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license or other right to use, without charge, Borrower s labels, patents, copyrights,
mask works, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks, service marks, and advertising matter, or any similar
property as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral (and including
in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and
programs used for the compilation or printout thereof) and, in connection with Agent s exercise of its rights under this
Article 10, Borrower s rights under all licenses and all franchise agreements shall be deemed to inure to Agent for the benefit
of the Lenders; 

(vii)             
place a  hold  on any account maintained with Agent or the Lenders or any Affiliate of Agent or a Lender and/or deliver
a notice of exclusive control, any entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Control Agreement or
similar agreements providing control of any Collateral; 

(viii)           
demand and receive possession of the Books of Borrower and the other Credit Parties; and 

(ix)              
exercise all other rights and remedies available to Agent under the Financing Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies
provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof). 

10.3  Notices.  Any notice that Agent is required to give to a
Credit Party under the UCC of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale or other intended
disposition of the Collateral is to be made shall be deemed to constitute reasonable notice if such notice is given in accordance
with this Agreement at least five (5) days prior to such action. 

10.4  Protective Payments.  If any Credit Party fails to pay or
perform any covenant or obligation under this Agreement or any other Financing Document, Agent may pay or perform such covenant
or obligation, and all amounts so paid by Agent are Protective Advances and immediately due and payable, bearing interest at the
then highest applicable rate for the Credit Facilities hereunder, and secured by the Collateral. No such payments or performance
by Agent shall be construed as an agreement to make similar payments or performance in the future or constitute Agent s
waiver of any Event of Default. 

10.5  Liability for Collateral No
Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.  So long as Agent and the Lenders comply with reasonable banking practices regarding the safekeeping
of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of Agent and the Lenders, Agent and the Lenders shall not be liable or
responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage to the Collateral; (c) any diminution in the value
of the Collateral; or (d) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, or other Person. Borrower bears all risk of
loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral. Agent s failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower
of any provision of this Agreement or any other Financing Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of Agent thereafter
to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by Agent
and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given. Agent s rights and remedies under
this Agreement and the other Financing Documents are cumulative. Agent has all rights and remedies provided under the Code, by
Law, or in equity. Agent s exercise of one (1) right or remedy is not an election, and Agent s waiver of any Event
of Default is not a continuing waiver. Agent s delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence. 

28   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

10.6  Application of Payments and Proceeds.  Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (a)
Borrower, for itself and the other Credit Parties, irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any and all payments
at any time or times thereafter received by Agent from or on behalf of Borrower of all or any part of the Obligations, and, as
between Borrower and the Credit Parties on the one hand and Agent and the Lenders on the other, Agent shall have the continuing
and exclusive right to apply and to reapply any and all payments received against the Obligations in such manner as Agent may
deem advisable notwithstanding any previous application by Agent, and (b) unless Agent and the Lenders shall agree otherwise,
the proceeds of any sale of, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral shall be applied:  first , to the
Protective Advances;  second , to accrued and unpaid interest on the Obligations (including any interest which, but for the
provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code, would have accrued on such amounts);  third , to the principal amount of
the Obligations outstanding; and  fourth , to any other indebtedness or obligations of the Credit Parties owing to Agent
or any Lender under the Financing Documents. Borrower shall remain fully liable for any deficiency. Any balance remaining shall
be delivered to Borrower or to whomever may be lawfully entitled to receive such balance or as a court of competent jurisdiction
may direct. Unless Agent and the Lenders shall agree otherwise, in carrying out the foregoing, (x) amounts received shall be applied
in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to the application to the next succeeding category, and (y) each of the
Persons entitled to receive a payment in any particular category shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts
available to be applied pursuant thereto for such category. 

10.7  Waivers.  

(a)             
Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Borrower waives:
(i) presentment, demand and protest, and notice of presentment, dishonor, intent to accelerate, acceleration, protest, default,
nonpayment, maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any or all Financing Documents and hereby ratifies
and confirms whatever Agent or the Lenders may do in this regard; (ii) all rights to notice and a hearing prior to Agent s
or any Lender s entry upon the premises of a Borrower, the taking possession or control of, or to Agent s or any Lender s
replevy, attachment or levy upon, any Collateral or any bond or security which might be required by any court prior to allowing
Agent or any Lender to exercise any of its remedies; and (iii) the benefit of all valuation, appraisal and exemption Laws. Each
Borrower acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel of its choices and decisions with respect to this Agreement, the other
Financing Documents and the transactions evidenced hereby and thereby. 

(b)             
Each Borrower for itself and all of its successors and assigns, (i) agrees that its liability shall not be in any manner affected
by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver, or modification granted or consented to by any Lender; (ii) consents to
any indulgences and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Agent or any Lender with
respect to the payment or other provisions of the Financing Documents, and to any substitution, exchange or release of the Collateral,
or any part thereof, with or without substitution, and agrees to the addition or release of Borrower, endorsers, guarantors, or
sureties, or whether primarily or secondarily liable, (without notice to any other Borrower and without affecting its liability
hereunder); (iii) agrees that its liability shall be unconditional and without regard to the liability of any other Borrower, Agent
or any Lender for any tax on the indebtedness; and (iv) to the fullest extent permitted by law, expressly waives the benefit of
any statute or rule of law or equity now provided, or which may hereafter be provided, which would produce a result contrary to
or in conflict with the foregoing. 

(c)              
To the extent that Agent or any Lender may have acquiesced in any noncompliance with any requirements or conditions precedent
to the closing of the Credit Facilities or to any subsequent disbursement of Credit Extensions, such acquiescence shall not be
deemed to constitute a waiver by Agent or any Lender of such requirements with respect to any future Credit Extensions and Agent
may at any time after such acquiescence require Borrower to comply with all such requirements. Any forbearance by Agent or a Lender
in exercising any right or remedy under any of the Financing Documents, or otherwise afforded by applicable law, including any
failure to accelerate the maturity date of the Credit Facilities, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right
or remedy nor shall it serve as a novation of the Financing Documents or as a reinstatement of the Obligations or a waiver of
such right of acceleration or the right to insist upon strict compliance of the terms of the Financing Documents. Agent s
or any Lender s acceptance of payment of any sum secured by any of the Financing 

29   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Documents after the due date of such payment shall not be a waiver
of Agent s and such Lender s right to either require prompt payment when due of all other sums so secured or to declare
a default for failure to make prompt payment. The procurement of insurance or the payment of taxes or other Liens or charges by
Agent as the result of an Event of Default shall not be a waiver of Agent s right to accelerate the maturity of the Obligations,
nor shall Agent s receipt of any condemnation awards, insurance proceeds, or damages under this Agreement operate to cure
or waive any Credit Party s default in payment of sums secured by any of the Financing Documents. 

(d)                
Without limiting the generality of anything contained in this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, each Borrower agrees
that if an Event of Default is continuing (i) Agent and the Lenders shall not be subject to any  one action  or  election
of remedies  law or rule, and (ii) all Liens and other rights, remedies or privileges provided to Agent or the Lenders shall
remain in full force and effect until Agent or the Lenders have exhausted all remedies against the Collateral and any other properties
owned by Borrower and the Financing Documents and other security instruments or agreements securing the Obligations have been foreclosed,
sold and/or otherwise realized upon in satisfaction of Borrower s obligations under the Financing Documents. 

(e)                
Neither Agent nor any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in payment of any or all of the Obligations. Nothing
contained herein or in any other Financing Document shall be construed as requiring Agent or any Lender to resort to any part of
the Collateral for the satisfaction of any of Borrower s obligations under the Financing Documents in preference or priority
to any other Collateral, and Agent may seek satisfaction out of all of the Collateral or any part thereof, in its absolute discretion
in respect of Borrower s obligations under the Financing Documents. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Borrower,
for itself and its successors and assigns, waives in the event of foreclosure of any or all of the Collateral any equitable right
otherwise available to any Credit Party which would require the separate sale of any of the Collateral or require Agent or the
Lenders to exhaust their remedies against any part of the Collateral before proceeding against any other part of the Collateral;
and further in the event of such foreclosure each Borrower does hereby expressly consent to and authorize, at the option of Agent,
the foreclosure and sale either separately or together of each part of the Collateral. 

10.8        Injunctive
Relief.  The parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any Credit Party s obligations
under any Financing Documents, Agent and the Lenders may have no adequate remedy in money damages and, accordingly, shall be entitled
to an injunction (including, without limitation, a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, writ of attachment, or
order compelling an audit) against such breach or threatened breach, including, without limitation, maintaining any cash management
and collection procedure described herein. However, no specification in this Agreement of a specific legal or equitable remedy
shall be construed as a waiver or prohibition against any other legal or equitable remedies in the event of a breach or threatened
breach of any provision of this Agreement. Each Credit Party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the requirement of
the posting of any bond in connection with such injunctive relief. By joining in the Financing Documents as a Credit Party, each
Credit Party specifically joins in this Section 10.8 as if this Section 10.8 were a part of each Financing Document executed by
such Credit Party. 

11.       NOTICES  

All notices, consents, requests, approvals,
demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Financing Document must be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and five (5) Business Days after
deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b)
upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail (if an email address is specified herein) or facsimile transmission; (c) one (1)
Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered
by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address, facsimile number, or email address
indicated below. Any of Agent, a Lender or Borrower may change its mailing or electronic mail address or facsimile number by giving
the other party written notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Article 11. 

If to Borrower:  

30   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

 4505 Emperor Blvd, Suite 200  

 Durham, NC 27703  

 Attention: Thomas R. Staab, II; Alane Barnes  

 Fax: 919-859-1314  

 Email:  tstaab@biocryst.com;  abarnes@biocryst.com 

If to Agent or to MidCap (or any of its Affiliates or Approved Funds) as
a Lender:  

MidCap Financial Trust  

 c/o MidCap Financial Services, LLC, as servicer  

 7255 Woodmont Ave, Suite 200  

 Bethesda, MD 20814  

 Attn: Account Manager for BioCryst transaction  

 Fax: 301-941-1450  

 Email: notices@midcapfinancial.com 

With a copy to: 

MidCap Financial Trust  

 c/o MidCap Financial Services, LLC, as servicer  

 7255 Woodmont Ave, Suite 200  

 Bethesda, MD 20814  

 Attn: Legal  

 Fax: 301-941-1450  

 Email: legalnotices@midcapfinancial.com 

If to any Lender other than MidCap:  at
the address set forth on the signature pages to this Agreement or provided as a notice address for such in connection with any
assignment hereunder. 

12.       CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER  

12.1 THIS AGREEMENT, EACH SECURED PROMISSORY
NOTE AND EACH OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENT (EXCLUDING THOSE FINANCING DOCUMENTS THAT BY THEIR OWN TERMS ARE EXPRESSLY GOVERNED BY
THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION), AND THE RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO, AND ANY CLAIM,
CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR SUCH FINANCING DOCUMENT (EXCLUDING THOSE FINANCING DOCUMENTS
THAT BY THEIR OWN TERMS ARE EXPRESSLY GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION), THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES, AND/OR THE
INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES AND ALL OTHER MATTERS RELATING HERETO, THERETO OR ARISING
THEREFROM (WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW, TORT LAW OR OTHERWISE), SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MARYLAND, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, AGENT
AND THE LENDERS SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION WHICH AGENT AND THE LENDERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 12.1) DEEM NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE TO
REALIZE ON THE COLLATERAL OR TO OTHERWISE ENFORCE AGENT S AND THE LENDERS  RIGHTS AGAINST BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTY.
BORROWER EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS IN ADVANCE TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF
MARYLAND AND ANY SUCH OTHER JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION
THAT IT MAY HAVE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE, OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS AND 

31   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF
AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY SUCH COURT. BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINTS, AND OTHER PROCESS ISSUED
IN SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND AGREES THAT SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINTS, AND OTHER PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED
MAIL ADDRESSED TO BORROWER AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 11 OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED
UPON THE EARLIER TO OCCUR OF BORROWER S ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER DEPOSIT IN THE U.S. MAIL, PROPER POSTAGE
PREPAID. 

12.2 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, BORROWER, AGENT AND THE LENDERS EACH WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED
UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE FINANCING DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL
OTHER CLAIMS. THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR BOTH PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS
WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL. 

12.3       Borrower,
Agent and each Lender agree that each Credit Extension (including those made on the Closing Date) shall be deemed to be made in,
and the transactions contemplated hereunder and in any other Financing Document shall be deemed to have been performed in, the
State of Maryland. 

13.       GENERAL PROVISIONS  

13.1        Successors and Assigns.  

(a)                
This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each party. Borrower may not assign this
Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without Agent s prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in
Agent s discretion). Any Lender may at any time assign to one (1) or more Eligible Assignees all or any portion of such Lender s
Applicable Commitment and/or Credit Extensions, together with all related obligations of such Lender hereunder. Borrower and Agent
shall be entitled to continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with the interests so assigned until Agent
shall have received and accepted an effective assignment agreement in form and substance acceptable to Agent, executed, delivered
and fully completed by the applicable parties thereto, and shall have received such other information regarding such Eligible Assignee
as Agent reasonably shall require. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, any Lender may at any
time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such
Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank;  provided, however,  that no such
pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee
for such Lender as a party hereto. If requested by Agent, Borrower agrees to (i) execute any documents reasonably required to effectuate
and acknowledge each assignment of an Applicable Commitment or Credit Extension to an assignee hereunder, (ii) make Borrower s
management available to meet with Agent and prospective participants and assignees of Applicable Commitments or Credit Extensions
and (iii) assist Agent or the Lenders in the preparation of information relating to the financial affairs of Borrower as any prospective
participant or assignee of an Applicable Commitment or Credit Extension reasonably may request. 

(b)                
From and after the date on which the conditions described above have been met, (i) such Eligible Assignee shall be deemed automatically
to have become a party hereto and, to the extent of the interests assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such assignment
agreement, shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder, and (ii) the assigning Lender, to the extent that rights
and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such assignment agreement, shall be released from its rights and
obligations hereunder (other than those that survive termination). Upon the request of the Eligible Assignee (and, as applicable,
the assigning Lender) pursuant to an effective assignment agreement, each Borrower shall execute and deliver to Agent for delivery
to the Eligible Assignee (and, as applicable, the assigning Lender) secured notes in the aggregate principal amount of the Eligible
Assignee s Credit Extensions or Applicable Commitments (and, as applicable, secured promissory notes in 

32   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

the principal amount of that portion of the principal amount of
the Credit Extensions or Applicable Commitments retained by the assigning Lender). 

(c)              
Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, shall maintain at its offices located in Bethesda, Maryland a copy
of each assignment agreement delivered to it and a Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each Lender, and
the commitments of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Credit Extensions owing to, such Lender pursuant to the terms
hereof (the   Register  ). The entries in such Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and Borrower,
Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded therein pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for
all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Such Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower
and any Lender, at any reasonable time upon reasonable prior notice to Agent. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting
solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant
and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant s interest in the Obligations (each, a   Participant
Register  ). The entries in the Participant Registers shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. Each Participant Register
shall be available for inspection by Borrower and Agent at any reasonable time upon reasonable prior notice to the applicable Lender;
 provided  that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including
the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters
of credit or its other obligations under any Financing Document) to any Person (including Borrower) except to the extent that such
disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under
Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall
have no responsibility for maintaining a participant register. 

(d)             
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Credit Extensions (including any Secured Promissory Notes
evidencing such Credit Extensions) are registered obligations, the right, title and interest of the Lenders and their assignees
in and to such Credit Extensions shall be transferable only upon notation of such transfer in the Register and no assignment thereof
shall be effective until recorded therein. This Agreement shall be construed so that the Credit Extensions are at all times maintained
in  registered form  within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the IRC and Section 5f.103-1(c)
of the United States Treasury Regulations. 

13.2        Indemnification.  

(a)       Borrower
hereby agrees to promptly pay (i) (A) all costs and expenses of Agent (including, without limitation, the costs, expenses and
reasonable fees of counsel to, and independent appraisers and consultants retained by, Agent) in connection with the examination,
review, due diligence investigation, documentation, negotiation, closing and syndication of the transactions contemplated by the
Financing Documents, and in connection with the continued administration of the Financing Documents including (1) any amendments,
modifications, consents and waivers to and/or under any and all Financing Documents, and (2) any periodic public record searches
conducted by or at the request of Agent (including, without limitation, title investigations, UCC searches, fixture filing searches,
judgment, pending litigation and tax lien searches and searches of applicable corporate, limited liability, partnership and related
records concerning the continued existence, organization and good standing of certain Persons), and (B) costs and expenses of
Agent in connection with the performance by Agent of its rights and remedies under the Financing Documents; (ii) without limitation
of the preceding clause (i), all costs and expenses of Agent in connection with the creation, perfection and maintenance of Liens
pursuant to the Financing Documents; (iii) without limitation of the preceding clause (i), all costs and expenses of Agent in
connection with (A) protecting, storing, insuring, handling, maintaining or selling any Collateral, (B) any litigation, dispute,
suit or proceeding relating to any Financing Document, and (C) any workout, collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other enforcement
proceedings under any and all of the Financing Documents; (iv) without limitation of the preceding clause (i), all costs and expenses
of Agent in connection with Agent s reservation of funds in anticipation of the funding of the Credit Extensions to be made
hereunder; and (v) all costs and expenses incurred by Agent or the Lenders in connection with any litigation, dispute, suit or
proceeding relating to any Financing Document and in connection with any workout, collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other
enforcement proceedings under any and all Financing Documents, whether or not Agent or the Lenders are a party thereto. If 

33   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Agent or any Lender uses in-house counsel for any of these purposes,
Borrower further agrees that the Obligations include reasonable charges for such work commensurate with the fees that would otherwise
be charged by outside legal counsel selected by Agent or such Lender for the work performed. 

(b)                
Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify, pay and hold harmless Agent and the Lenders and the officers, directors, employees, trustees,
agents, investment advisors, collateral managers, servicers, and counsel of Agent and the Lenders (collectively called the   Indemnitees  )
from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses
and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the disbursements and reasonable fees of counsel for such Indemnitee)
in connection with any investigative, response, remedial, administrative or judicial matter or proceeding, whether or not such
Indemnitee shall be designated a party thereto and including any such proceeding initiated by or on behalf of a Credit Party, and
the reasonable expenses of investigation by engineers, environmental consultants and similar technical personnel and any commission,
fee or compensation claimed by any broker (other than any broker retained by Agent or the Lenders) asserting any right to payment
for the transactions contemplated hereby, which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee as a result
of or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Credit Facilities,
except that Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to an Indemnitee with respect to any liability resulting from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
To the extent that the undertaking set forth in the immediately preceding sentence may be unenforceable, Borrower shall contribute
the maximum portion which it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable Law to the payment and satisfaction of all such Indemnified
Liabilities incurred by the Indemnitees or any of them. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended
recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information
transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Financing Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby. 

(c)                
Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement, the obligations of Borrower under this Section 13.2 shall survive the
payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. NO INDEMNITEE SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO ANY CREDIT
PARTY OR TO ANY OTHER PARTY TO ANY FINANCING DOCUMENT, ANY SUCCESSOR, ASSIGNEE OR THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OR ANY OTHER PERSON ASSERTING
CLAIMS DERIVATIVELY THROUGH SUCH PARTY, FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE ALLEGED AS A RESULT
OF CREDIT HAVING BEEN EXTENDED, SUSPENDED OR TERMINATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENT OR AS A RESULT OF
ANY OTHER TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 

13.3  Time of Essence.  Time is of the essence
for the payment and performance of the Obligations in this Agreement. 

13.4  Severability of Provisions.  Each provision of this Agreement
is severable from every other provision in determining the enforceability of any provision. 

13.5  Correction of Financing Documents.
 Agent and the Lenders may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in this Agreement and the other Financing Documents
consistent with the agreement of the parties. 

13.6  Integration.  This Agreement
and the other Financing Documents represent the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or
agreements. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the
subject matter of this Agreement and the Financing Documents merge into this Agreement and the Financing Documents. 

13.7  Counterparts.  This Agreement
may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed
and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this
Agreement by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart
hereof. 

34   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

13.8  Survival.  All covenants,
representations and warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force until this Agreement has terminated pursuant to its
terms and all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations for which no claim has yet been made and any other obligations
which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement) have been satisfied. The obligation of Borrower in Section
13.2 to indemnify each Lender and Agent shall survive until the statute of limitations with respect to such claim or cause of
action shall have run. All powers of attorney and appointments of Agent or any Lender as Borrower s attorney in fact hereunder,
and all of Agent s and Lenders  rights and powers in respect thereof, are coupled with an interest, are irrevocable
until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations for which no claim has yet been made and any other obligations
which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement) have been fully repaid and performed and Agent s
and the Lenders  obligation to provide Credit Extensions terminates. 

13.9  Confidentiality.  In handling any confidential information
of Borrower, each of the Lenders and Agent shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain, in accordance with its customary practices,
the confidentiality of information obtained by it pursuant to any Financing Document and designated in writing by any Credit Party
as confidential, but disclosure of information may be made: (a) to the Lenders  and Agent s Subsidiaries or Affiliates;
(b) to prospective transferees or purchasers of any interest in the Credit Extensions; (c) as required by Law, regulation, subpoena,
order or other legal, administrative, governmental or regulatory request; (d) to regulators or as otherwise required in connection
with an examination or audit, or to any nationally recognized rating agency; (e) as Agent or any Lender considers appropriate
in exercising remedies under the Financing Documents; (f) to financing sources that are advised of the confidential nature of
such information and are instructed to keep such information confidential; (g) to third party service providers of the Lenders
and/or Agent so long as such service providers are bound to such Lender or Agent by obligations of confidentiality; (h) to the
extent necessary or customary for inclusion in league table measurements; and (i) in connection with any litigation or other proceeding
to which such Lender or Agent or any of their Affiliates is a party or bound, or to the extent necessary to respond to public
statements or disclosures by Credit Parties or their Affiliates referring to a Lender or Agent or any of their Affiliates. Confidential
information does not include information that either: (x) is in the public domain or in the Lenders  and/or Agent s
possession when disclosed to the Lenders and/or Agent, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure to the Lenders and/or
Agent; or (y) is disclosed to the Lenders and/or Agent by a third party, if the Lenders and/or Agent does not know that the third
party is prohibited from disclosing the information. Agent and/or the Lenders may use confidential information for the development
of client databases, reporting purposes, and market analysis, so long as Agent and/or the Lenders, as applicable, do not disclose
Borrower s identity or the identity of any Person associated with Borrower unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement.
The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall survive the termination of this Agreement. The agreements provided
under this Section 13.9 supersede all prior agreements, understanding, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the
parties about the subject matter of this Section 13.9. 

13.10  Right of Set-off.  Borrower hereby
grants to Agent and to each Lender, a lien, security interest and right of set-off as security for all Obligations to Agent and
each Lender hereunder, whether now existing or hereafter arising upon and against all deposits, credits, collateral and property,
now or hereafter in the possession, custody, safekeeping or control of Agent or the Lenders or any entity under the control of
Agent or the Lenders (including an Agent or Lender Affiliate) or in transit to any of them. At any time after the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, without demand or notice, Agent or the Lenders may set-off the same or any part
thereof and apply the same to any liability or obligation of Borrower even though unmatured and regardless of the adequacy of any
other collateral securing the Obligations. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE AGENT TO EXERCISE ITS RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT
TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE OBLIGATIONS, PRIOR TO EXERCISING ITS RIGHT OF SET-OFF WITH RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS,
CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF BORROWER, ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED. 

13.11  Publicity.  Borrower will not directly
or indirectly publish, disclose or otherwise use in any public disclosure, advertising material, promotional material, press release
or interview, any reference to the name, logo or any trademark of Agent or any Lender or any of their Affiliates or any reference
to this Agreement or the financing evidenced hereby, in any case except as required by applicable Law, subpoena or judicial or
similar order, in which case Borrower shall endeavor to give Agent prior written notice of such publication or other disclosure.
Each 

35   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Lender and Borrower hereby authorize each Lender to publish the
name of such Lender and Borrower, the existence of the financing arrangements referenced under this Agreement, the primary purpose
and/or structure of those arrangements, the amount of credit extended under each facility, the title and role of each party to
this Agreement, and the total amount of the financing evidenced hereby in any  tombstone , comparable advertisement
or press release which such Lender elects to submit for publication. In addition, each Lender and Borrower agree that each Lender
may provide lending industry trade organizations with information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements
after the Closing Date. With respect to any of the foregoing, such authorization shall be subject to such Lender providing Borrower
and the other Lenders with an opportunity to review and confer with such Lender regarding, and approve, the contents of any such
tombstone, advertisement or information, as applicable, prior to its initial submission for publication, but subsequent publications
of the same tombstone, advertisement or information shall not require Borrower s approval. 

13.12  No Strict Construction .  
The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question
of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption
or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 

13.13  Approvals.  Unless expressly provided
herein to the contrary, any approval, consent, waiver or satisfaction of Agent or the Lenders with respect to any matter that is
the subject of this Agreement or the other Financing Documents may be granted or withheld by Agent and the Lenders in their sole
and absolute discretion and credit judgment. 

13.14  Amendments; Required Lenders; Inter-Lender Matters.  

(a)                
No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Financing Document, no approval
or consent thereunder, or any consent to any departure by Borrower therefrom (in each case, other than amendments, waivers, approvals
or consents deemed ministerial by Agent), shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Borrower,
Agent and the Required Lenders. Except as set forth in paragraph (b) below, all such amendments, modifications, terminations or
waivers requiring the consent of the  Lenders  shall require the written consent of Required Lenders. 

(b)                
No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Financing Document shall, unless
in writing and signed by Agent and by each Lender directly affected thereby: (i) increase or decrease the Applicable Commitment
of any Lender (which shall be deemed to affect all Lenders), (ii) reduce the principal of or rate of interest on any Obligation
or the amount of any fees payable hereunder, (iii) postpone the date fixed for or waive any payment of principal of or interest
on any Credit Extension, or any fees or reimbursement obligation hereunder, (iv) release all or substantially all of the Collateral,
or consent to a transfer of any of the Intellectual Property, in each case, except as otherwise expressly permitted in the Financing
Documents (which shall be deemed to affect all Lenders), (v) subordinate the lien granted in favor of Agent securing the Obligations
(which shall be deemed to affect all Lenders, except as otherwise provided below), (vi) release a Credit Party from, or consent
to a Credit Party s assignment or delegation of, such Credit Party s obligations hereunder and under the other Financing
Documents or any Guarantor from its guaranty of the Obligations (which shall be deemed to affect all Lenders) or (vii) amend,
modify, terminate or waive this Section 13.14(b) or the definition of  Required Lenders  or  Pro Rata Share 
or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any
rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the consent of each Lender. For purposes of
the foregoing, no Lender shall be deemed affected by (i) waiver of the imposition of the Default Rate or imposition of the Default
Rate to only a portion of the Obligations, (ii) waiver of the accrual of late charges, (iii) waiver of any fee solely payable
to Agent under the Financing Documents, (iv) subordination of a lien granted in favor of Agent,  provided  that such subordination
is limited to equipment being financed by a third party providing Permitted Indebtedness. Notwithstanding any provision in this
Section 13.14 to the contrary, no amendment, modification, termination or waiver affecting or modifying the rights or obligations
of Agent hereunder shall be effective unless signed by Agent and Required Lenders. 

36   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

(c)              
Agent shall not grant its written consent to any deviation or departure by Borrower or any Credit Party from the provisions of
Article 7 without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders. The Required Lenders shall have the right to direct Agent
to take any action described in Section 10.2(b). Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to exercise
any and all remedies referenced in Section 10.2 without the written consent of Required Lenders following the occurrence of an
 Exigent Circumstance  (as defined below). All matters requiring the satisfaction or acceptance of Agent in the definition
of Subordinated Debt shall further require the satisfaction and acceptance of each Required Lender. Any reference in this Agreement
to an allocation between or sharing by the Lenders of any right, interest or obligation  ratably,   proportionally 
or in similar terms shall refer to Pro Rata Share unless expressly provided otherwise. As used in this Section,   Exigent
Circumstance   means any event or circumstance that, in the reasonable judgment of Agent, imminently threatens the ability
of Agent to realize upon all or any material portion of the Collateral, such as, without limitation, fraudulent removal, concealment,
or abscondment thereof, destruction or material waste thereof, or failure of Borrower after reasonable demand to maintain or reinstate
adequate casualty insurance coverage, or which, in the judgment of Agent, could reasonably be expected to result in a material
diminution in value of the Collateral. 

(d)             
In the event that (i) Borrower or Agent has requested that the Lenders consent to a departure or waiver of any provisions of the
Financing Documents or agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver or amendment in question requires the agreement
of each affected Lender or all the Lenders and (iii) the Required Lenders have agreed to such consent, waiver or amendment, then
any Lender who does not agree to such consent, waiver or amendment shall be deemed a  Non-Consenting Lender,  then
the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Non-Consenting Lender and Agent, require such Non-Consenting
Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents
required by, Section 13.1), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to this subsection
(h)) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Financing Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations;
provided that: (x) such Non-Consenting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its
Credit Extensions, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Financing
Documents from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the
case of all other amounts), (y) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law; and (z) in the case of any assignment resulting
from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver
or consent. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver
by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

13.15  Borrower Liability.  If there
is more than one (1) entity comprising Borrower, then (a) Borrower may request Credit Extensions hereunder, ((b) Borrower hereby
appoints the other as agent for the other for all purposes hereunder, including with respect to requesting Credit Extensions hereunder,
(c) each Borrower shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay and perform all obligations under the Financing Documents, including,
but not limited to, the obligation to repay all Credit Extensions made hereunder and all other Obligations, regardless of which
Borrower actually receives said Credit Extensions, as if each Borrower directly received all Credit Extensions, and (d) each Borrower
waives (1) any suretyship defenses available to it under the Code or any other applicable law, and (2) any right to require the
Lenders or Agent to: (A) proceed against Borrower or any other person; (B) proceed against or exhaust any security; or (C) pursue
any other remedy.) The Lenders or Agent may exercise or not exercise any right or remedy they have against any Credit Party or
any security (including the right to foreclose by judicial or non-judicial sale) without affecting any other Credit Party s
liability or any Lien against any other Credit Party s assets. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or
other related document, until the indefeasible payment in cash in full of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations
for which no claim has yet been made) and termination of the Applicable Commitments, Borrower irrevocably waives all rights that
it may have at law or in equity (including, without limitation, any law subrogating Borrower to the rights of the Lenders and
Agent under this Agreement) to seek contribution, indemnification or any other form of reimbursement from any other Credit Party,
or any other Person now or hereafter primarily or secondarily liable for any of the Obligations, for any payment made by any Credit
Party with respect to the Obligations in connection with this Agreement or otherwise and all rights that it might have to benefit
from, or to participate in, any security for the Obligations as a result of any payment made by a Credit Party with respect to
the Obligations in connection with this 

37   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Agreement or otherwise. Any agreement providing for indemnification,
reimbursement or any other arrangement prohibited under this Section shall be null and void. If any payment is made to a Credit
Party in contravention of this Section, such Credit Party shall hold such payment in trust for the Lenders and Agent and such payment
shall be promptly delivered to Agent for application to the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 

13.16  Reinstatement.  This Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition or other proceeding be filed by or against any
Credit Party for liquidation or reorganization, should any Credit Party become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit
of any creditor or creditors or should an interim receiver, receiver, receiver and manager or trustee be appointed for all or any
significant part of any Credit Party s assets, and shall continue to be effective or to be reinstated, as the case may be,
if at any time payment and performance of the Obligations, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced
in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee of the Obligations, whether as a fraudulent preference reviewable
transaction or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part
thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount
paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. 

13.17  USA PATRIOT Act Notification.  Agent
(for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) and each Lender hereby notifies each Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of
the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record certain information and documentation that identifies Borrower,
which information includes the name and address of Borrower and such other information that will allow Agent or such Lender, as
applicable, to identify Borrower in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 

14.       AGENT  

14.1        Appointment
and Authorization of Agent.  Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes Agent to take such action on
its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Financing Document and to exercise such powers and perform such
duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this Agreement or any other Financing Document, together with such powers
as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders and none
of Credit Parties nor any other Person shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary of any of the provisions hereof. The
duties of Agent shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere
herein or in any other Financing Document, Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth
herein, nor shall Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants,
functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Financing Document
or otherwise exist against Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term  agent 
herein and in the other Financing Documents with reference to Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied
(or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of
market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority (to the exclusion
of the Lenders), and is hereby authorized, to (a) act as collateral agent for Agent and each Lender for purposes of the perfection
of all liens created by the Financing Documents and all other purposes stated therein, (b) manage, supervise and otherwise deal
with the Collateral, (c) take such other action as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the liens
created or purported to be created by the Financing Documents, (d) except as may be otherwise specified in any Financing Document,
exercise all remedies given to Agent and the other Lenders with respect to the Collateral, whether under the Financing Documents,
applicable law or otherwise and (e) execute any amendment, consent or waiver under the Financing Documents on behalf of any Lender
that has consented in writing to such amendment, consent or waiver;  provided ,  however , that Agent hereby appoints,
authorizes and directs each Lender to act as collateral sub-agent for Agent and the Lenders for purposes of the perfection of
all liens with respect to the Collateral, including any deposit account maintained by a Credit Party with, and cash and cash equivalents
held by, such Lender, and may further authorize and direct the Lenders to take further actions as collateral sub-agents for purposes
of enforcing such liens or otherwise to transfer the Collateral subject thereto to 

38   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Agent, and each Lender hereby agrees to take such further actions
to the extent, and only to the extent, so authorized and directed. 

14.2  Successor Agent.  

(a)             
Agent may at any time assign its rights, powers, privileges and duties hereunder to (i) another Lender or an Affiliate of Agent
or any Lender or any Approved Fund, or (ii) any Person to whom Agent, in its capacity as a Lender, has assigned (or will assign,
in conjunction with such assignment of agency rights hereunder) fifty percent (50%) or more of the Credit Extensions or Applicable
Commitments then held by Agent (in its capacity as a Lender), in each case without the consent of the Lenders or Borrower. Following
any such assignment, Agent shall give notice to the Lenders and Borrower. An assignment by Agent pursuant to this paragraph (a)
shall not be deemed a resignation by Agent for purposes of paragraph (b) below. 

(b)             
Without limiting the rights of Agent to designate an assignee pursuant to subsection (a) above, Agent may at any time give notice
of its resignation to the Lenders and Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, Required Lenders shall have the
right to appoint a successor Agent. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by Required Lenders and shall have accepted
such appointment within ten (10) Business Days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent
may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent;  provided, however,  that, if Agent shall notify Borrower and the
Lenders that no Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with
such notice from Agent that no Person has accepted such appointment and, from and following delivery of such notice, (i) the retiring
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Financing Documents, and (ii) all payments,
communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly,
until such time as Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this paragraph (b). 

(c)              
Upon (i) an assignment permitted by paragraph (a) above, or (ii) the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Agent pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties
of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder
and under the other Financing Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this paragraph (c)). The fees
payable by Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between
Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Financing Documents, the
provisions of this Article shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent and its sub-agents in respect of any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting or was continuing to act as Agent. 

14.3  Delegation of Duties.  Agent may execute
any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Financing Document by or through its, or its Affiliates , agents, employees
or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to obtain and rely upon the advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning
all matters pertaining to such duties. Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact
that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct. Any such Person to whom Agent delegates a duty shall
benefit from this Article 14 to the extent provided by Agent. 

14.4  Liability of Agent.  Except as otherwise provided herein,
no  Agent-Related Person  (as defined below) shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any
of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Financing Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except
for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible
in any manner to any Lender or participant for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Credit Party or
any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other Financing Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document
referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Financing Document,
or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Financing Document,
or for any failure of any Credit Party or any other party to any Financing Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder.
No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance
or performance of 

39   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement
or any other Financing Document, or to inspect the Collateral, other properties or books or records of any Credit Party or any
Affiliate thereof. The term   Agent-Related Person   means Agent, together with its Affiliates, and the officers,
directors, employees, agents, advisors, auditors and attorneys-in-fact of such Persons;  provided ,  however , that no
Agent-Related Person shall be an Affiliate of Borrower. 

14.5  Reliance by Agent.  Agent shall be entitled to rely, and
shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent,
certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document
or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons,
and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected
by Agent. Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Financing Document (a) if such action
would, in the opinion of Agent, be contrary to law or any Financing Document, (b) if such action would, in the opinion of Agent,
expose Agent to any potential liability under any law, statute or regulation or (c) if Agent shall not first have received such
advice or concurrence of all Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction
by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take
any such action. Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or
any other Financing Document in accordance with a request or consent of all Lenders (or Required Lenders where authorized herein)
and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Lenders. 

14.6  Notice of Default.  Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge
or notice of the occurrence of any Default and/or Event of Default, unless Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender
or Borrower, describing such default or Event of Default. Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. While
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from
taking such action, with respect to such Event of Default as Agent shall deem advisable or in the best interests of the Lenders,
including without limitation, satisfaction of other security interests, liens or encumbrances on the Collateral not permitted
under the Financing Documents, payment of taxes on behalf of Borrower or any other Credit Party, payments to landlords, warehouseman,
bailees and other Persons in possession of the Collateral and other actions to protect and safeguard the Collateral, and actions
with respect to insurance claims for casualty events affecting a Credit Party and/or the Collateral. 

14.7  Credit Decision; Disclosure
of Information by Agent.  Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to
it, and that no act by Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs
of Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person
to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information in their possession.
Each Lender represents to Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects,
operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Credit Parties, and all applicable bank or other
regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to
extend credit to Borrower hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related
Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis,
appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Financing Documents, and to make such
investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other
condition and creditworthiness of Borrower. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished
to the Lenders by Agent herein, Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other
information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any
Credit Party which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. 

40   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

14.8  Indemnification of Agent.  Whether or not the transactions
contemplated hereby are consummated, each Lender shall, severally and pro rata based on its respective Pro Rata Share, indemnify
upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of Borrower and without limiting the obligation
of Borrower to do so), and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities (which
shall not include legal expenses of Agent incurred in connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement)
incurred by it;  provided, however , that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion
of such Indemnified Liabilities to the extent determined in a judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from
such Agent-Related Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct;  provided, however , that no action taken in
accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for
purposes of this Section. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall, severally and pro rata based on its respective
Pro Rata Share, reimburse Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Protective
Advances incurred after the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) incurred by Agent (in its capacity as
Agent, and not as a Lender) in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities
under, this Agreement, any other Financing Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that
Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of Borrower. The undertaking in this Section shall survive the payment
in full of the Obligations, the termination of this Agreement and the resignation of Agent. The term  Indemnified Liabilities 
means those liabilities described in Section 13.2(a) and Section 13.2(b). 

14.9  Agent in its Individual Capacity.  With respect to its Credit
Extensions, MidCap shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise such rights
and powers as though it were not Agent, and the terms  Lender  and  Lenders  include MidCap in its individual
capacity. MidCap and its Affiliates may lend money to, invest in, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Credit
Party and any of their Affiliates and any person who may do business with or own securities of any Credit Party or any of their
Affiliates, all as if MidCap were not Agent and without any duty to account therefor to Lenders. MidCap and its Affiliates may
accept fees and other consideration from a Credit Party for services in connection with this Agreement or otherwise without having
to account for the same to the Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges the potential conflict of interest between MidCap as a Lender
holding disproportionate interests in the Credit Extensions and MidCap as Agent, and expressly consents to, and waives, any claim
based upon, such conflict of interest. 

14.10  Agent May File Proofs of Claim. 
In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition
or other judicial proceeding relative to any Credit Party, Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Credit Extension,
shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether Agent shall have made
any demand on such Credit Party) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a)                
to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Credit Extensions
and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order
to have the claims of the Lenders and Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances
of the Lenders and Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and Agent allowed in such
judicial proceeding); and 

(b)                
to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make
such payments to Agent and, in the event that Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay
to Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Agent and its agents and counsel,
including Protective Advances. To the extent that Agent fails timely to do so, each Lender may file a claim relating to such Lender s
claim. 

41   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

14.11  Collateral and Guaranty Matters. 
The Lenders irrevocably authorize Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release (a) any Credit Party and any Lien on any
Collateral granted to or held by Agent under any Financing Document upon the date that all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity
obligations for which no claim has yet been made and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination
of this Agreement) due hereunder have been fully and indefeasibly paid in full and no Applicable Commitments or other obligations
of any Lender to provide funds to Borrower under this Agreement remain outstanding, and (b) any Lien on any Collateral that is
transferred or to be transferred as part of or in connection with any transfer permitted hereunder or under any other Financing
Document. Upon request by Agent at any time, all Lenders will confirm in writing Agent s authority to release its interest
in particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 14.11. 

14.12  Advances; Payments; Non-Funding Lenders.  

(a)                
 Advances; Payments.  If Agent receives any payment for the account of the Lenders on or prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York time)
on any Business Day, Agent shall pay to each applicable Lender such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such payment on such Business
Day. If Agent receives any payment for the account of the Lenders after 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on any Business Day, Agent shall
pay to each applicable Lender such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such payment on the next Business Day. To the extent that any
Lender has failed to fund any Credit Extension (a   Non-Funding Lender  ), Agent shall be entitled to set-off
the funding short-fall against that Non-Funding Lender s Pro Rata Share of all payments received from Borrower. 

(b)                
 Return of Payments.  

(i)                  
If Agent pays an amount to a Lender under this Agreement in the belief or expectation that a related payment has been or will be
received by Agent from a Credit Party and such related payment is not received by Agent, then Agent will be entitled to recover
such amount (including interest accruing on such amount at the Federal Funds Rate for the first Business Day and thereafter, at
the rate otherwise applicable to such Obligation) from such Lender on demand without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any
kind. 

(ii)                
If Agent determines at any time that any amount received by Agent under this Agreement must be returned to a Credit Party or paid
to any other person pursuant to any insolvency law or otherwise, then, notwithstanding any other term or condition of this Agreement
or any other Financing Document, Agent will not be required to distribute any portion thereof to any Lender. In addition, each
Lender will repay to Agent on demand any portion of such amount that Agent has distributed to such Lender, together with interest
at such rate, if any, as Agent is required to pay to a Credit Party or such other person, without set-off, counterclaim or deduction
of any kind. 

14.13  Miscellaneous.  

(a)       Neither
Agent nor any Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make a Credit Extension or make any other
advance required hereunder. The failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make any Credit Extension or any payment required by it hereunder
shall not relieve any other Lender (each such other Lender, an   Other Lender  ) of its obligations to make the
Credit Extension or payment required by it, but neither any Other Lender nor Agent shall be responsible for the failure of any
Non-Funding Lender to make a Credit Extension or make any other payment required hereunder. Notwithstanding anything set forth
herein to the contrary, a Non-Funding Lender shall not have any voting or consent rights under or with respect to any Financing
Document or constitute a  Lender  (or be included in the calculation of  Required Lender  hereunder) for
any voting or consent rights under or with respect to any Financing Document. At Borrower s request, Agent or a person reasonably
acceptable to Agent shall have the right with Agent s consent and in Agent s sole discretion (but shall have no obligation)
to purchase from any Non-Funding Lender, and each Non-Funding Lender agrees that it shall, at Agent s request, sell and
assign to Agent or such person, all of the Applicable Commitments and all of the outstanding Credit Extensions of that Non-Funding
Lender for an amount equal to the principal balance of the Credit Extensions held by such Non-Funding Lender and all accrued interest
and fees with respect thereto through the date 

42   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

of sale, such purchase and sale to be consummated pursuant to an
executed assignment agreement reasonably acceptable to Agent. 

(b)       Each
Lender shall promptly remit to the other Lenders such sums as may be necessary to ensure the ratable repayment of each Lender s
portion of any Credit Extension and the ratable distribution of interest, fees and reimbursements paid or made by any Credit Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Agreement requires payments of principal and interest to be made directly to the Lenders,
a Lender receiving a scheduled payment shall not be responsible for determining whether the other Lenders also received their scheduled
payment on such date;  provided, however , if it is determined that a Lender received more than its ratable share of scheduled
payments made on any date or dates, then such Lender shall remit to Agent (for Agent to redistribute to itself and the Lenders
in a manner to ensure the payment to Agent of any sums due Agent hereunder and the ratable repayment of each Lender s portion
of any Credit Extension and the ratable distribution of interest, fees and reimbursements) such sums as may be necessary to ensure
the ratable payment of such scheduled payments, as instructed by Agent. If any payment or distribution of any kind or character,
whether in cash, properties or securities and whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or
otherwise, shall be received by a Lender in excess of its ratable share, then (i) the portion of such payment or distribution in
excess of such Lender s ratable share shall be received by such Lender in trust for application to the payments of amounts
due on the other Lender s claims, or, in the case of Collateral, shall hold such Collateral for itself and as agent and bailee
for Agent and other Lenders and (ii) such Lender shall promptly advise Agent of the receipt of such payment, and, within five (5)
Business Days of such receipt and, in the case of payments and distributions, such Lender shall purchase (for cash at face value)
from the other Lenders (through Agent), without recourse, such participations in the Credit Extension made by the other Lenders
as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them in accordance with
the respective Pro Rata Shares of the Lenders;  provided ,  however , that, if all or any portion of such excess payment
is thereafter recovered by or on behalf of a Credit Party from such purchasing Lender, the purchase shall be rescinded and the
purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest;  provided ,  further , that the provisions
of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by a Credit Party pursuant to and in accordance with the
express terms of this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for
the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Applicable Commitment pursuant to Section 13.1. Borrower agrees that
any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section may exercise all of its rights of payment
(including the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of Borrower
in the amount of such participation. No documentation other than notices and the like shall be required to implement the terms
of this Section. Agent shall keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations
purchased pursuant to this Section and shall in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases. 

15.       DEFINITIONS  

In addition to any terms defined elsewhere in
this Agreement, or in any schedule or exhibit attached hereto, as used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following
meanings: 

Access Agreement   means
a landlord consent, bailee letter or warehouseman s letter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, in favor
of Agent executed by such landlord, bailee or warehouseman, as applicable, for any third party location. 

Account   means any  account ,
as defined in the Code, with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without limitation, all accounts
receivable and other sums owing to Borrower. 

Account Debtor   means any
 account debtor , as defined in the Code, with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 

Affiliate   means, with
respect to any Person, a Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the Person, any Person that controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that 

43   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Person s senior executive officers, directors, partners and,
for any Person that is a limited liability company, that Person s managers and members. 

Agent   means, MidCap, not
in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as agent on behalf of and for the benefit of the Lenders, together with
its successors and assigns. 

Agreement   has the meaning given it in the preamble of
this Agreement. 

Anti-Terrorism Laws   means
any Laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224 (effective September 24, 2001), the USA
PATRIOT Act, the Laws comprising or implementing the Bank Secrecy Act, and the Laws administered by OFAC. 

Applicable Commitment   has the meaning given it in Section
2.2 

Applicable Floor   means
for each Credit Facility the per annum rate of interest specified on the Credit Facility Schedule;  provided ,  however ,
that, for the Applicable Prime Rate, the Applicable Floor is a per annum rate that is three hundred (300) basis points above the
Applicable Floor for the Applicable Libor Rate. 

Applicable Index Rate   means,
for any Applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by Agent equal to the Applicable Libor Rate;  provided ,
 however , that, in the event that any change in market conditions or any law, regulation, treaty, or directive, or any change
therein or in the interpretation of application thereof, shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of
Agent or any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for Agent or such Lender to fund or maintain Obligations bearing interest
based upon the Applicable Libor Rate, Agent or such Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to Agent and Borrower
and the Applicable Index Rate for Obligations outstanding or thereafter extended or made by Agent or such Lender shall thereafter
be the Applicable Prime Rate until Agent or such Lender determines (as to the portion of the Credit Extensions or Obligations owed
to it) that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to fund or maintain such Obligations or Credit Extensions at the Applicable
Libor Rate. In the event that Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all
parties hereto), as of any Applicable Interest Rate Determination Date, that adequate and fair means do not exist for ascertaining
the interest rate applicable to any Credit Facility on the basis provided for herein, then Agent may select a comparable replacement
index and corresponding margin. 

Applicable Interest Period  
for each Credit Facility has the meaning specified for that Credit Facility in the Credit Facility Schedule;  provided ,  however ,
that, at any time that the Applicable Prime Rate is the Applicable Index Rate, Applicable Interest Period shall mean the period
commencing as of the most recent Applicable Interest Rate Determination Date and continuing until the next Applicable Interest
Rate Determination Date or such earlier date as the Applicable Prime Rate shall no longer be the Applicable Index Rate; and  provided ,
 further , that, at any time the Libor Rate Index is adjusted as set forth in the definition thereof, or re-implemented following
invocation of the Applicable Prime Rate as permitted herein, the Applicable Interest Period shall mean the period commencing as
of such adjustment or re-implementation and continuing until the next Applicable Interest Rate Determination Date, if any. 

Applicable Interest Rate   means
a per annum rate of interest equal to the Applicable Index Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 

Applicable Interest Rate Determination
Date   means the second (2 nd ) Business Day prior to the first (1 st ) day of the related Applicable
Interest Period;  provided ,  however , that, at any time that the Applicable Prime Rate is the Applicable Index Rate,
Applicable Interest Rate Determination Date means the date of any change in the Base Rate Index; and  provided ,  further ,
that, at any time the Libor Rate Index is adjusted as set forth in the definition thereof, the Applicable Interest Rate Determination
Date shall mean the date of such adjustment or the second (2 nd ) Business Day prior to the first (1 st ) day
of the related Applicable Interest Period, as elected by Agent. 

44   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Applicable Libor Rate   means,
for any Applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum, determined by Agent (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th%),
equal to the greater of (a) the Applicable Floor and (b) the Libor Rate Index. 

Applicable Margin   for each
Credit Facility has the meaning specified for that Credit Facility in the Credit Facility Schedule. 

Applicable Prepayment Fee  ,
for each Credit Facility, has the meaning given it in the Credit Facility Schedule for such Credit Facility. 

Applicable Prime Rate   means,
for any Applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum, determined by Agent (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th%),
equal to the greater of (a) the Applicable Floor and (b) the Base Rate Index. 

Approved Fund   means any
(a) investment company, fund, trust, securitization vehicle or conduit that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding
or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the Ordinary Course of Business, or (b) any Person
(other than a natural person) which temporarily warehouses loans for any Lender or any entity described in the preceding clause
(a) and that, with respect to each of the preceding clauses (a) and (b), is administered or managed by (i) a Lender, (ii) an Affiliate
of a Lender or (iii) a Person (other than a natural person) or an Affiliate of a Person (other than a natural person) that administers
or manages a Lender. 

Base Rate Index   means,
for any Applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum, determined by Agent (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th%)
as being the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (  Wells Fargo  ) at
its principal office in San Francisco as its  prime rate,  with the understanding that the  prime rate 
is one of Wells Fargo s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective
rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement
in such internal publications as Wells Fargo may designate;  provided ,  however , that Agent may, upon prior written
notice to Borrower, choose a reasonably comparable index or source to use as the basis for the Base Rate Index. 

BioCryst   has the meaning given it in the preamble. 

Blocked Person   means: (a)
any Person listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order No. 13224, (b) a Person owned
or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions
of, Executive Order No. 13224, (c) a Person with whom any Lender is prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction
by any Anti-Terrorism Law, (d) a Person that commits, threatens or conspires to commit or supports  terrorism  as defined
in Executive Order No. 13224, or (e) a Person that is named a  specially designated national  or  blocked person 
on the most current list published by OFAC or other similar list. 

Books   means all books and
records of a Person, including ledgers, federal and state tax returns, records regarding the Person s assets or liabilities,
the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such
information. 

Borrower   mean the entity(ies)
described in the first paragraph of this Agreement and each of their successors and permitted assigns. The term  each Borrower 
shall refer to each Person comprising the Borrower if there is more than one (1) such Person, or the sole Borrower if there is
only one (1) such Person. The term  Borrower  shall refer to any Person comprising the Borrower if there is more than
one (1) such Person, or the sole Borrower if there is only one (1) such Person. 

Borrowing Resolutions  
means, with respect to any Person, those resolutions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, adopted by such
Person s Board of Directors or other appropriate governing body and delivered by such Person to Agent approving the Financing
Documents to which such Person is a party and the 

45   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

transactions contemplated thereby, as well as any other approvals
as may be necessary or desired to approve the entering into the Financing Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby or in connection therewith. 

Business Day   means any day that is not (a) a Saturday
or Sunday or (b) a day on which Agent is closed. 

Change in Control   means
any event, transaction, or occurrence as a result of which (a) any  person  (as such term is defined in Sections 3(a)(9)
and 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of
Borrower, is or becomes a beneficial owner (within the meaning Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly,
of securities of Borrower, representing forty percent (40%) or more of the combined voting power of Borrower then outstanding securities;
(b) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the
board of directors or board of managers or similar governing Person(s) of Borrower (together with any new directors or managers
whose election by the board of directors or board of managers or similar governing Person(s) of Borrower was approved by a vote
of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the directors or managers then still in office who either were directors or managers at the
beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason other than
death or disability to constitute a majority of the directors or managers then in office; (c) Borrower ceases to own and control,
directly or indirectly, all of the economic and voting rights associated with the outstanding securities of each of its Restricted
Subsidiaries except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; or (d) the occurrence of any  change
in control  or any term or provision of similar effect under any Subordinated Debt Document or Borrower s Operating
Documents. 

Clinical Trial Material  
means any raw materials, parts, or supplies used in the ordinary course of development of a Product for which regulatory approval
has not yet been obtained and that are used exclusively for purposes of supporting clinical and preclinical research. 

Closing Date   has the meaning given it in the preamble
of this Agreement. 

Code   means the Uniform
Commercial Code in effect on the date hereof, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of Maryland;
 provided, however , that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Financing Document and such
term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or
Division 9 shall govern; and  provided, further , that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of Law, any or
all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Agent s Lien on any Collateral is governed
by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of Maryland, the term   Code  
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions
thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions. 

Collateral   means all property
(other than Excluded Property), now existing or hereafter acquired, mortgaged or pledged to, or purported to be subjected to a
Lien in favor of, Agent, for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, pursuant to this Agreement and the other Financing Documents,
including, without limitation, all of the property described in  Exhibit A  hereto. 

Collateral Account   means
any Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account, other than Excluded Deposit Accounts. 

Commitment Commencement Date   has the meaning given
it in the Credit Facility Schedule.   Commitment Termination Date   has the meaning given it in the Credit Facility
Schedule. 

Commodity Account   means
any  commodity account , as defined in the Code, with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 

46   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Compliance Certificate  
means a certificate, duly executed by an authorized officer of Borrower, appropriately completed and substantially in the form
of  Exhibit B . 

Contingent Obligation   means,
for any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or not, of that Person for (a) any indebtedness, lease, dividend,
letter of credit or other obligation of another such as an obligation directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted
or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which that Person is directly or indirectly liable; (b) any obligations for undrawn
letters of credit for the account of that Person; and (c) all obligations from any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement,
interest rate cap or collar agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation in
interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; but  Contingent Obligation  does not include endorsements
in the Ordinary Course of Business. The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation
for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability for it determined
by the Person in good faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under any guarantee or other support
arrangement. 

Control Agreement   means
any control agreement, each of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, entered into among the depository
institution at which Borrower maintains a Deposit Account or the securities intermediary or commodity intermediary at which Borrower
maintains a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, Borrower, and Agent pursuant to which Agent obtains control (within the
meaning of the Code) for the benefit of the Lenders over such Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account. 

Credit Extension   means
an advance or disbursement of proceeds to or for the account of Borrower in respect of a Credit Facility. 

Credit Extension Form   means
that certain form attached hereto as  Exhibit C , as the same may be from time to time revised by Agent. 

Credit Facility   means a term loan credit facility
specified on the Credit Facility Schedule. 

Credit Party   means Borrower,
any Guarantor under a guarantee of the Obligations or any part thereof, and any other Person (other than Agent, a Lender or a participant
of a Lender), whether now existing or hereafter acquired or formed, that becomes obligated as a borrower, guarantor, surety, indemnitor,
pledgor, assignor or other obligor under any Financing Document, and any Person all of whose equity interests have been pledged
or hypothecated to Agent under any Financing Document; and   Credit Parties   means all such Persons, collectively.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless the parties shall otherwise agree in writing, the term   Credit Party  
and   Credit Parties   shall not include any Foreign Subsidiary, Excluded Domestic Holdco or Permitted Joint Venture. 

DEA   means the Drug Enforcement
Administration of the United States of America, any comparable state or local Government Authority, any comparable Government Authority
in any non-United States jurisdiction, and any successor agency of any of the foregoing. 

Default   means any fact,
event or circumstance which with notice or passage of time or both, could constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate   has the meaning given it in Section 2.6(b). 

Deposit Account   means any
 deposit account  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 

Designated Funding Account  
is Borrower s Deposit Account, account number * * *, maintained with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and
over which Agent has been granted control for the ratable benefit of all Lenders. 

47   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Disqualified Institution  
mean any Person that is a pharmaceutical, medical, biomedical, or life sciences company or any Affiliate thereof (other than any
Affiliate that is (i) a financial investor in such competitor and is not an operating company or an Affiliate of an operating company
(other than such competitor) and (ii) a bona fide diversified debt fund), in each case as reasonably determined by Agent. 

Dollars  ,     dollars   and   $  
each means lawful money of the United States. 

Domestic Subsidiar y  means
each direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized under the laws of the United States, a state thereof, or the
District of Columbia. 

Draw Period   means, for
each Credit Facility, the period commencing on the Commitment Commencement Date and ending on the Commitment Termination Date. 

Drug Application   means
a new drug application, an abbreviated drug application, or a product license application for any Product, as appropriate, as those
terms are defined in the FDCA. 

Eligible Assignee   means
(a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund, and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved
by Agent;  provided, however , that notwithstanding the foregoing,  Eligible Assignee  shall not include any (i)
Credit Party or any Subsidiary of a Credit Party or (ii) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any Disqualified
Institution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with assignments by a Lender due to a forced divestiture at the request
of any regulatory agency, the restrictions set forth herein shall not apply and Eligible Assignee shall mean any Person or party
becoming an assignee incident to such forced divestiture, other than a Disqualified Institution. 

Environmental Law   means
each present and future law (statutory or common), ordinance, treaty, rule, regulation, order, policy, other legal requirement
or determination of an arbitrator or of a Governmental Authority and/or Required Permits imposing liability or standards of conduct
for or relating to the regulation and protection of human health, safety, the workplace, the environment and natural resources,
and including public notification requirements and environmental transfer of ownership, notification or approval statutes. 

Equipment   means all  equipment ,
as defined in the Code, with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all machinery,
fixtures, goods, vehicles (including motor vehicles and trailers), and any interest in any of the foregoing. 

ERISA   means the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and all regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Event of Default   has the meaning given it in Section 10.1. 

Excluded Deposit Account  
means any deposit account or securities account used exclusively as (a) payroll and other employee wage and benefit accounts, (b)
zero balance accounts, (c) the HSBC Cash Collateral Accounts, (d) the Royalty Hedge Collateral Accounts, and (e) the funds or other
property held in or maintained in any such account identified in clauses (a) through (d) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Excluded Domestic Holdco  
means a Subsidiary of the Borrower substantially all of the assets of which consist of capital stock or other equity interests
of a Foreign Subsidiary held directly or indirectly by such Subsidiary and that does not engage in any business operations or activities
other than that of a holding company. 

Excluded Property   has the meaning given it on Schedule
9.1 

Excluded Taxes   means any
of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient,
(a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case,
(i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of
any Lender, its 

48   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing
such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal
withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Credit
Extension or Applicable Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the
Credit Extension or Applicable Commitment or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that,
pursuant to Section 2.6(h)(i) or 2.6(h)(iii), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor
immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes
attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Sections 2.6(h)(vi) and (vii) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding
Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Exigent Circumstance   has the meaning given it in Section
13.14. 

FATCA   means Sections 1471
through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any
agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC. 

FCPA   has the meaning given it in Section 5.10. 

FDA   means the Food and
Drug Administration of the United States of America, any comparable state or local Government Authority, any comparable Government
Authority in any non-United States jurisdiction, including without limitation the United Kingdom, and any successor agency of any
of the foregoing. 

FDCA   means the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, 21 U.S.C. Section 301 et seq., and all regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Federal Funds Rate   means,
for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members
of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
on the Business Day next succeeding such day,  provided  that, if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business
Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate quoted to Agent on such day on such transactions as determined
by Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 

Fee Letters   means, collectively,
the fee letter agreements among Borrower and Agent and Borrower and each Lender. 

Financing Documents   means,
collectively, this Agreement, the Perfection Certificate, the Security Documents, each Subordination Agreement and any subordination
or intercreditor agreement pursuant to which any Indebtedness and/or any Liens securing such Indebtedness is subordinated to all
or any portion of the Obligations, the Fee Letter(s), each note and guarantee executed by one (1) or more Credit Parties in connection
with the indebtedness governed by this Agreement, and each other present or future agreement executed by one (1) or more Credit
Parties and, or for the benefit of, the Lenders and/or Agent in connection with this Agreement, all as amended, restated, or otherwise
modified from time to time. 

Foreign Lender   means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Foreign Subsidiary   means
(a) BioCryst UK Limited and (b) each other direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower not organized under the laws of the United
States, a state thereof, or the District of Columbia. 

Funding Date   means any
date on which a Credit Extension is made to or on account of Borrower which shall be a Business Day. 

GAAP   means generally accepted
accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants and statements and 

49   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in
such other statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United
States, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 

General Intangibles   means
all  general intangibles , as defined in the Code, with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes
without limitation all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship
and derivative work, whether published or unpublished, any patents, trademarks, service marks and, to the extent permitted under
applicable Law, any applications therefor, whether registered or not, any trade secret rights, including any rights to unpatented
inventions, payment intangibles, royalties, contract rights, goodwill, franchise agreements, purchase orders, customer lists, route
lists, telephone numbers, domain names, claims, income and other tax refunds, security and other deposits, options to purchase
or sell real or personal property, rights in all litigation presently or hereafter pending (whether in contract, tort or otherwise),
insurance policies (including, without limitation, key man, property damage, and business interruption insurance), payments of
insurance and rights to payment of any kind. 

Governmental Authority  
means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory
body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions
of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization. 

Guarantor   means any present or future guarantor of the
Obligations. 

Hazardous Materials   means
petroleum and petroleum products and compounds containing them, including gasoline, diesel fuel and oil; explosives, flammable
materials; radioactive materials; polychlorinated biphenyls and compounds containing them; lead and lead-based paint; asbestos
or asbestos-containing materials; underground or above-ground storage tanks, whether empty or containing any substance; any substance
the presence of which is prohibited by any Laws; toxic mold, any substance that requires special handling; and any other material
or substance now or in the future defined as a  hazardous substance,   hazardous material,   hazardous
waste,   toxic substance,   toxic pollutant,   contaminant,   pollutant 
or other words of similar import within the meaning of any Environmental Law, including: (a) any  hazardous substance 
defined as such in (or for purposes of) CERCLA, or any so-called  superfund  or  superlien  Law, including
the judicial interpretation thereof; (b) any  pollutant or contaminant  as defined in 42 U.S.C.A.   9601(33);
(c) any material now defined as  hazardous waste  pursuant to 40 C.F.R. Part 260; (d) any petroleum or petroleum by-products,
including crude oil or any fraction thereof; (e) natural gas, natural gas liquids, liquefied natural gas, or synthetic gas usable
for fuel; (f) any  hazardous chemical  as defined pursuant to 29 C.F.R. Part 1910; (g) any toxic or harmful substances,
wastes, materials, pollutants or contaminants (including, without limitation, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable explosives,
radioactive materials, infectious substances, materials containing lead-based paint or raw materials which include hazardous constituents);
and (h) any other toxic substance or contaminant that is subject to any Environmental Laws or other past or present requirement
of any Governmental Authority. 

Hazardous Materials Contamination  
means contamination (whether now existing or hereafter occurring) of the improvements, buildings, facilities, personalty, soil,
groundwater, air or other elements on or of the relevant property by Hazardous Materials, or any derivatives thereof, or on or
of any other property as a result of Hazardous Materials, or any derivatives thereof, generated on, emanating from or disposed
of in connection with the relevant property. 

HSBC Cash Collateral Accounts  
means, collectively, Deposit Account #* * * and Deposit Account #* * * of BioCryst established and maintained
at HSBC Bank for the sole purpose of securing BioCryst s obligations under the HSBC Letter of Credit;  provided  that
(a) no such Deposit Account shall hold an aggregate of cash and cash equivalents in excess of * * * of the aggregate
value of the letters of credit it is securing and (b) with respect to all such Deposit Accounts, the aggregate amount deposited
there in at any time does not exceed * * *. 

HSBC Letter of Credit   means the
letter of credit issued by HSBC Bank in favor of the landlord with 

50   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

respect to BioCryst s leased real property located at 2100
Riverchase Center, Ste. 200 / Building 200, Birmingham, AL 35244, in an aggregate face amount equal to One Million Four Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($1,400,000). 

Indebtedness   means, without
duplication of amounts described by more than one of the following, (a) indebtedness for borrowed money (including the Obligations)
or the deferred price of, or payment for, property or services, such as reimbursement and other obligations for surety bonds and
letters of credit (other than trade accounts payable in the Ordinary Course of Business and liabilities associated with customer
prepayments and deposits), (b) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) capital lease obligations,
(d) non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of
credit, banker s acceptance or similar instrument, (e) equity securities of such Person subject to repurchase or redemption
other than at the sole option of such Person, (f) obligations secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such
obligation is otherwise an obligation of such Person, (g)  earnouts , purchase price adjustments, profit sharing arrangements,
deferred purchase money amounts and similar payment obligations or continuing obligations of any nature of such Person arising
out of purchase and sale contracts, (h) all Indebtedness of others guaranteed by such Person, (i) off-balance sheet liabilities
and/or pension plan or multiemployer plan liabilities of such Person, (j) obligations arising under non-compete agreements, (k)
obligations arising under bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation or similar arrangements, other than those arising
in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (l) Contingent Obligations. 

Indemnified Liabilities   has the meaning given it in Section
14.8. 

Indemnified Taxes   means
(a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower
under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitees   has the meaning given it in Section 13.2(b). 

Indenture   means that certain
Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2011, by and between JPR Royalty Sub and U.S. Bank, National Association, as in effect on the date
hereof. 

Insolvency Proceeding   means
any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy or insolvency Law, including
without limitation the laws of the United Kingdom, and including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions
generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief. 

Intellectual Property   means
all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative
work, whether published or unpublished, any patents, patent applications and like protections, including improvements, divisions,
continuations, renewals, reissues, extensions, and continuations-in-part of the same, trademarks, trade names, service marks, mask
works, rights of use of any name, domain names, or any other similar rights, any applications therefor, whether registered or not,
know-how, operating manuals, trade secret rights, clinical and non-clinical data, rights to unpatented inventions, and any claims
for damage by way of any past, present, or future infringement of any of the foregoing. 

Inventory   means all  inventory ,
as defined in the Code, with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all merchandise,
raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished products, including without limitation
such inventory as is temporarily out of Borrower s custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and
any documents of title representing any of the above. 

Investment   means, with
respect to any Person, directly or indirectly, (a) to purchase or acquire any stock or stock equivalents, or any obligations or
other securities of, or any interest in, any Person, including the establishment or creation of a Subsidiary or a joint venture,
(b) to make or commit to make any acquisition (including through licensing) of (i) of all or substantially all of the assets of
another Person, or (ii) any business, Product, business line or product line, division or other unit operation of any Person or
(c) to make or purchase any 

51   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

advance, loan, extension of credit or capital contribution to, or any other investment
in, any Person. 

IP Security Agreement   means
any security agreement executed by Borrower that grants (or is prepared as a notice filing or recording with respect to) a Lien
or security interest in favor of Agent and/or Lenders on Intellectual Property, each as amended, restated, or otherwise modified
from time to time. 

IRC   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and any successor provisions. 

IRS   means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Joinder Requirements   has the meaning given it in Section
6.8(a). 

JPR Royalty Sub   means JPR Royalty Sub LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company. 

Laws   means any and all
federal, state, provincial, territorial, local and foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, guidance, guidelines,
ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, codes, plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, governmental
agreements and governmental restrictions, whether now or hereafter in effect, which are applicable to any Credit Party in any particular
circumstance. 

Lenders   means each of the
Persons identified on the Credit Facility Schedule as amended from time to time to reflect assignments made in accordance with
this Agreement. 

Libor Rate Index   means,
for any Applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum, determined by Agent (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th%)
by dividing (a) the rate per annum, determined by Agent in accordance with its customary procedures, and utilizing such electronic
or other quotation sources as it considers appropriate (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100%), to be the rate at which
Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first (1 st ) day of such Applicable Interest Period or, if such day is not a Business
Day, on the preceding Business Day) in the amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) are offered to major banks in the London
interbank market on or about 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the Applicable Interest Rate Determination Date, for a period of thirty
(30) days, which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error, by (b) one hundred percent (100%)  minus
 the Reserve Percentage;  provided ,  however , that Agent may, upon prior written notice to Borrower, choose a reasonably
comparable index or source to use as the basis for the Libor Rate Index. The Libor Rate Index may be adjusted by Agent with respect
to any Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or increased costs to such Lender of maintaining or obtaining
any eurodollar deposits or increased costs, in each case, due to changes in applicable Law occurring subsequent to the commencement
of the then Applicable Interest Period, including changes in tax laws (except changes of general applicability in corporate income
tax laws) and changes in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor),
which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding loans bearing interest based upon the Libor Rate Index;
 provided ,  however , that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith
and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee
on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each
case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  change in applicable Law , regardless of the date
enacted, adopted or issued. In any such event, the affected Lender shall give Borrower and Agent notice of such a determination
and adjustment and Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and, upon its receipt of the notice from the affected
Lender, Borrower may, by notice to such affected Lender require such Lender to furnish to Borrower a statement setting forth the
basis for adjusting such Libor Rate Index and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment. 

Lien   means a claim, mortgage,
deed of trust, lien, levy, charge, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or
arising by operation of Law or otherwise against any property. 

52   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Margin Stock   means  margin
stock  as such term is defined in Regulation T, U, or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

Material Adverse Change  
means (a) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Agent s Lien (or any Lender s Lien therein to the
extent provided for in the Financing Documents) in the Collateral; (b) a material impairment in the value of the Collateral; (c)
a material adverse change in the business, operations, or condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Credit Parties,
taken as a whole; or (d) a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of the Obligations. 

Material Agreement   means
(a) each Royalty Hedge Document, (b) the Seqirus UK License Agreement, (c) the License and Services Agreement between BioCryst
and MDCP, LLC, dated as of September 23, 2016, as amended restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement (the   Intercompany License Agreement  ), (d) the agreements listed in the  Disclosure
Schedule  under the heading  Material Agreements , (e) each agreement or contract to which a Credit Party is a party
relating to Material Intangible Assets or development of Products or Intellectual Property and which is material to the business
of the Credit Parties, (f) any agreement with respect to any material Product, the loss of which would materially impair Borrower s
ability to sell or market such Product, and (g) any agreement or contract to which such Credit Party or its Restricted Subsidiaries
is a party, the termination of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

Material Indebtedness   has the meaning given it in Section
10.1(e). 

Material Intangible Assets  
means (a) all of Borrower s Intellectual Property and (b) each license or sublicense agreements or other agreements with
respect to rights in Intellectual Property, that, in the case of each of clauses (a) and (b), is material to the condition (financial
or other), business or operations of Borrower. 

Maturity Date   means April 1, 2021. 

Maximum Lawful Rate   has the meaning given it in Section
2.6(g). 

MidCap   has the meaning given it in the preamble of this
Agreement. 

Multiemployer Plan   means
any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) or ERISA, to which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate
has at any time (whether presently or in the past) sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or had an obligation to make contributions
to or to which any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Non-Consenting Lender   has the meaning given it in Section
13.14(d). 

Obligations   means all of
Borrower s obligations to pay when due any debts, principal, interest, Protective Advances, fees, indemnities and other amounts
Borrower owes Agent or the Lenders now or later, under this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, including, without limitation,
interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin (whether or not allowed) and debts, liabilities, or obligations of Borrower
assigned to the Lenders and/or Agent, and the payment and performance of each other Credit Party s covenants and obligations
under the Financing Documents.  Obligations  does not include obligations under any warrants issued to Agent or a Lender. 

OFAC   means the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign
Assets Control. 

OFAC Lists   means, collectively,
the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by OFAC pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg.
49079 (Sept. 25, 2001) and/or any other list of terrorists or other restricted Persons maintained pursuant to any of the rules
and regulations of OFAC or pursuant to any other applicable Executive Orders. 

Operating Documents   means, for any
Person, such Person s formation documents, as certified with the 

53   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Secretary of State (or other appropriate Governmental Authority)
of such Person s jurisdiction of formation on a date that is no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date,
and (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws and articles of incorporation, articles of association, articles of amalgamation
or articles of amendment (as applicable) in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability
company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement),
each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto. 

Ordinary Course of Business  
means, in respect of any transaction involving any Credit Party, the ordinary course of business of such Credit Party, as conducted
by such Credit Party in accordance with past practices or then current business practices set forth in the most recent operating
plan of Borrower to the extent approved by Agent, which shall in any event be at arms-length. 

Other Connection Taxes  
means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the
jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to,
performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other
transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement, or sold or assigned an interest in any Obligation hereunder). 

Other Tax Certification  
means such certification or evidence, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, that any Lender or prospective
Lender is exempt from, or eligible for a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax or backup withholding tax, including evidence
supporting the basis for such exemption or reduction. 

Other Taxes   means all present
or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from
the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under,
or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an
assignment. 

Participant Register   has the meaning given it in Section
13.1(c). 

Patheon Inventory   means
that Inventory of the Credit Parties to be sold to Seqirus UK Limited pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Seqirus UK License Agreement. 

Payment Date   means the first calendar day of each calendar
month. 

PBGC   means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or
any successor entity thereto. 

Pension Plan   means any
employee benefit pension plan that is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code or is covered by Title
IV of ERISA (including a Multiemployer Plan) that any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate has, at any time (whether presently or
in the past) sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or had an obligation to make contributions to or to which any Credit Party
or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability (contingent or otherwise). 

Peramivir IP   means the
BioCryst Patents (as defined in the Seqirus UK License Agreement), the BioCryst Know-How (as defined in the Seqirus UK License
Agreement) and any other Intellectual Property necessary to perform Borrower s obligations under the Seqirus UK License Agreement. 

Peramivir SPE   has the meaning given it in the preamble. 

Perfection Certificate  
means the Perfection Certificate delivered to Agent as of the Closing Date, together with any amendments thereto required under
this Agreement. 

Permitted Contest   has the meaning given it in Section
6.4. 

54   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Permitted Contingent Obligations  
means (a) Contingent Obligations resulting from endorsements for collection or deposit in the Ordinary Course of Business; (b)
Contingent Obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business with respect to surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and
other similar obligations not to exceed * * * in the aggregate at any time outstanding; (c) Contingent Obligations arising
under indemnity agreements with title insurers; (d) Contingent Obligations arising with respect to customary indemnification obligations
in favor of purchasers in connection with dispositions of personal property assets permitted under Article 7; (e) Contingent Obligations
arising under the Financing Documents; (f) so long as there exists no Event of Default both immediately before and immediately
after giving effect to any such transaction, Contingent Obligations existing or arising under any swap contract,  provided ,
 however , that such obligations are (or were) entered into by Borrower or an Affiliate in the Ordinary Course of Business
for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or
reasonably anticipated by such Person and not for purposes of speculation; (g) Contingent Obligations existing or arising in connection
with any security deposit or letter of credit obtained for the sole purpose of securing a lease of real property, or in connection
with ancillary bank services such as a corporate credit card facility,  provided  that the aggregate face amount of all such
security deposits, letters of credit and ancillary bank services does not at any time exceed * *  (h) Contingent Obligations
arising in connection with the HSBC Letters of Credit secured solely by Liens permitted pursuant to clause (m) of the definition
of Permitted Liens; (i) Contingent Obligations not to exceed * * * arising in connection with the Royalty Hedges ; and
(j) other Contingent Obligations not permitted by clauses (a) through (h) above, not to exceed * * * in the aggregate
at any time outstanding;  provided, however,  that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Peramivir SPE shall not be entitled
to incur any Contingent Obligations if doing so would cause a violation of the SPE Covenants. 

Permitted Indebtedness  
means: (a) Borrower s Indebtedness to the Lenders and Agent under this Agreement and the other Financing Documents; (b) Indebtedness
existing on the Closing Date and described on the  Disclosure Schedule ; (c) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens permitted
pursuant to clause (b) of the definition thereof; (d) Subordinated Debt; (e) unsecured Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred
in the Ordinary Course of Business; (f) Permitted Contingent Obligations; (g) extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments
and restatements of any items of Permitted Indebtedness set forth in (b) and (c) above,  provided, however , that the principal
amount thereof is not increased or the terms thereof are not modified to impose more burdensome terms upon the obligors thereunder;
(h) intercompany Indebtedness owed by a Foreign Subsidiary to a Credit Party that does not exceed * * * outstanding in
the aggregate at any one time and solely to the extent that such Indebtedness constitutes a  Permitted Investment 
of such Credit Party; and (i) Indebtedness consisting of intercompany loans and advances made by any Credit Party to any other
Credit Party,  provided  that (1) the obligations of the Credit Parties under such intercompany loan shall be subordinated
at all times to the Obligations of the Credit Parties hereunder or under the other Financing Documents in a manner satisfactory
to Agent, and (2) to the extent that such Indebtedness is evidenced by a promissory note or other written instrument, Borrower
shall pledge and deliver to Agent, for the benefit of itself and the Lenders, the original promissory note or instrument, as applicable,
along with an endorsement in blank in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent;  provided, further,  that, notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Peramivir SPE shall not be entitled to incur any Indebtedness if doing so would cause a violation of the SPE
Covenants. 

Permitted Investments  
means: (a) Investments (i) existing on the Closing Date and described on the  Disclosure Schedule  and (ii) in Subsidiaries
made prior to the Closing Date; (b) Investments consisting of cash equivalents; (c) any Investments permitted by Borrower s
investment policy, as amended from time to time,  provided  that such investment policy (and any material amendment thereto)
has been approved in writing by Agent, it being acknowledged and agreed that the investment policy provided to Agent on or prior
to the Closing Date has been approved ( provided  that under no circumstances shall Borrower be permitted to invest in or
hold Margin Stock); (d) Investments consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of any Credit Party; (e) Investments consisting of deposit accounts or securities accounts
in which Agent has a first priority perfected security interest; (f) Investments of cash and cash equivalents in (x) Restricted
Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries, but solely to the extent that the aggregate amount of such Investments does not exceed
* * * for the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the making of any such Investment, and (y) Restricted Subsidiaries
that are Domestic 

55   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Subsidiaries but solely to the extent that the aggregate amount
of such Investments does not exceed * * * for the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the making of any such
Investment;  provided, however , that the aggregate amount of such Investments made in any Restricted Subsidiary shall not,
in any event, exceed the amount necessary to fund the current operating expenses of such Restricted Subsidiary (taking into account
their revenue from other sources); (g) Investments consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee
loans and advances in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase
of equity securities of Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrower s
board of directors; (h) Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of
customers or suppliers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising
in the Ordinary Course of Business; (i) Investments by one Borrower in another Borrower; and (j) to the extent constituting Investments,
Investments consisting of Permitted Licenses;  provided, however,  that, notwithstanding the foregoing, no Borrower shall
be entitled to make any Investment if doing so would cause a violation of the SPE Covenants. 

Permitted Joint Venture  
means any joint venture formed or entered into by a Credit Party for the sole purposes of entering into Permitted License with
a Credit Party and undertaking activities directly related thereto to the extent such activities are not otherwise prohibited pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement or any other Financing Document. 

Permitted License   means: 

(a)                
the licenses set forth on the  Disclosure Schedules  as of the Closing Date, as such licenses are in effect on the Closing
Date and without giving effect to any material amendments or other modifications thereto, 

(b)                
the license of Intellectual Property rights granted by Peramivir SPE pursuant to the Seqirus UK License Agreement, 

(c)                
the Intercompany License Agreement, 

(d)                
any non-exclusive license of Intellectual Property rights of Borrower (other than the Peramivir SPE) or its Subsidiaries to a third
party or Permitted Joint Venture, 

(e)                
any exclusive license of Intellectual Property rights of Borrower (other than the Peramivir SPE) or its Subsidiaries to a third
party or a Permitted Joint Venture so long as such Permitted Licenses are exclusive solely as to * * *, 

(f)                 
any exclusive license of Intellectual Property rights of Borrower (other than the Peramivir SPE) to a third party or a Permitted
Joint Venture to the extent such Intellectual Property rights relate solely to the * * *, 

(g)                
any exclusive license of Intellectual Property rights of Borrower (other than the Peramivir SPE) to a third party or a Permitted
Joint Venture to the extent such Intellectual Property rights relate solely to (i) * * * or (ii) * *   provided
 that no such license shall be permitted pursuant to this clause (g) unless, at the time such license is entered into, Borrower
is * *  

provided, however , no license shall be permitted pursuant
to clauses (d)-(g) above unless such license (x) has been approved by Borrower s Board of Directors, (y) does not result
in a legal transfer of title to the licensed property, and (z) is granted in exchange for fair consideration and pursuant to commercially
reasonable arms  length terms. 

Permitted Liens   means:
(a) Liens existing on the Closing Date and shown on the  Disclosure Schedule  or arising under this Agreement and the other
Financing Documents; (b) purchase money Liens or capital leases 

56   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

securing no more than * * * in the aggregate amount outstanding
(i) on Equipment acquired or held by a Credit Party incurred for financing the acquisition of the Equipment, or (ii) existing on
Equipment when acquired, if the Lien is confined to the property and improvements and the proceeds of the Equipment; (c) Liens
for taxes, fees, assessments or other government charges or levies, either not delinquent or being contested in good faith and
for which adequate reserves are maintained on the Books of the Credit Party against whose asset such Lien exists,  provided  that
no notice of any such Lien has been filed or recorded under any applicable law, including, without limitation, the IRC and the
treasury regulations adopted thereunder; (d) statutory Liens securing claims or demands of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen,
landlords and other Persons imposed without action of such parties,  provided  that they have no priority over any of Agent s
Liens and the aggregate amount of such Liens for all Credit Parties does not at any time exceed * *  (e) leases or
subleases of real property granted in the Ordinary Course of Business, and leases, subleases, non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses
of property (other than real property or Intellectual Property) granted in the Ordinary Course of Business, if the leases, subleases,
licenses and sublicenses do not prohibit granting Agent a security interest; (f) banker s liens, rights of set-off and Liens
in favor of financial institutions incurred made in the Ordinary Course of Business arising in connection with a Credit Party s
Collateral Accounts  provided  that such Collateral Accounts are subject to a Control Agreement to the extent required hereunder;
(g) Liens to secure payment of workers  compensation, employment insurance, old-age pensions, social security and other like
obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA); (h) Liens arising from judgments,
decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default; (i) easements, reservations, rights-of-way, restrictions,
minor defects or irregularities in title and similar charges or encumbrances affecting real property not constituting a Material
Adverse Change; (j) Liens incurred in the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens described in (a)
and (b) above,  but  any extension, renewal or replacement Lien must be limited to the property encumbered by the existing
Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness may not increase; (k) [reserved]; (l) solely with respect to BioCryst, the pledge
of its membership interests in JPR Royalty Sub pursuant to the  Pledge and Security Agreement  (as defined in the Indenture);
(m) Liens in favor of HSBC Bank on the HSBC Cash Collateral Accounts to the extent securing obligations of Borrowers permitted
pursuant to clause (h) of the definition of Permitted Contingent Obligations; and (n) Liens in favor of Morgan Stanley Capital
Services, Inc. on the Royalty Hedge Collateral Account to the extent securing obligations of Borrowers permitted pursuant to clause
(i) of the definition of Permitted Contingent Obligations;  provided, however,  that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Peramivir
SPE shall not be entitled grant or suffer to exist any Lien if doing so would cause a violation of the SPE Covenant. 

Person   means any individual,
sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization, association,
corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency. 

Pledge Agreement   means
that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, executed by Borrower in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders,
covering all the equity interests respectively owned by the Credit Parties, as amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time
to time. 

Pro Rata Share   means, as
determined by Agent, with respect to each Credit Facility and Lender holding an Applicable Commitment or Credit Extensions in respect
of such Credit Facility, a percentage (expressed as a decimal, rounded to the ninth decimal place) determined by  dividing  (a)
in the case of fully-funded Credit Facilities, the amount of Credit Extensions held by such Lender in such Credit Facility  by
 the aggregate amount of all outstanding Credit Extensions for such Credit Facility, and (b) in the case of Credit Facilities
that are not fully-funded, the amount of Credit Extensions and unfunded Applicable Commitments held by such Lender in such Credit
Facility  by  the aggregate amount of all outstanding Credit Extensions and unfunded Applicable Commitments for such Credit
Facility. 

Products   means any products
manufactured, sold, developed, tested or marketed by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including without limitation, those
products set forth on the  Products Schedule  (as updated from time to time in accordance with Section 6);  provided  that,
for the avoidance of doubt, any new Product not disclosed on the  Products Schedule  shall still constitute a  Product 
as herein defined. 

57   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Protective Advances   means
all audit fees and expenses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) of Agent and the Lenders
for preparing, amending, negotiating, administering, defending and enforcing the Financing Documents (including, without limitation,
those incurred in connection with appeals or Insolvency Proceedings) or otherwise incurred by Agent or the Lenders in connection
with the Financing Documents. 

Recipient   means Agent and any Lender, as applicable. 
  Register   has the meaning given it in Section 13.1(c). 

Registered Intellectual Property  
means any patent, registered trademark or servicemark, registered copyright, registered mask work, or any pending application for
any of the foregoing. 

Registered IP Disclosure Location  
means Canada, France, Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. 

Registered Organization  
means any  registered organization  as defined in the Code, with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 

Regulatory Reporting Event   has the meaning given it in
Section 6.16(a). 

Regulatory Required Permit  
means any and all licenses, approvals and permits issued by the FDA, DEA or any other applicable Governmental Authority, including
without limitation Drug Applications, necessary for the testing, manufacture, marketing or sale of any Product by any applicable
Borrower(s) and its Restricted Subsidiaries as such activities are being conducted by such Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
with respect to such Product at such time and any drug listings and drug establishment registrations under 21 U.S.C. Section 510,
registrations issued by DEA under 21 U.S.C. Section 823 (if applicable to any Product), and those issued by State governments for
the conduct of Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s business. 

Required Lenders   means,
unless all of the Lenders and Agent agree otherwise in writing, Lenders having (a) more than fifty-one percent (51%) of the Applicable
Commitments of all Lenders, or (b) if such Applicable Commitments have expired or been terminated, more than fifty-one percent
(51%) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Credit Extensions. 

Required Permit   means all
licenses, certificates, accreditations, product clearances or approvals, provider numbers or provider authorizations, supplier
numbers, provider numbers, marketing authorizations, other authorizations, registrations, permits, consents and approvals of a
Credit Party issued or required under Laws applicable to the business of Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or necessary
in the manufacturing, importing, exporting, possession, ownership, warehousing, marketing, promoting, sale, labeling, furnishing,
distribution or delivery of goods or services under Laws applicable to the business of Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,   Required Permits   includes any Regulatory Required Permit. 

Reserve Percentage   means,
on any day, for any Lender, the maximum percentage prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor
Governmental Authority) for determining the reserve requirements (including any basic, supplemental, marginal, or emergency reserves)
that are in effect on such date with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as  eurocurrency liabilities )
of that Lender, but so long as such Lender is not required or directed under applicable regulations to maintain such reserves,
the Reserve Percentage shall be zero. 

Responsible Officer   means
any of the President and Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of Borrower. 

58   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Restricted Subsidiary   means
(i) to the extent constituting a Subsidiary, each Permitted Joint Venture, (ii) each Excluded Domestic Holdco, (iii) each Foreign
Subsidiary, and (iv) any other Subsidiary that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Royalty Hedge Collateral Account  
means Deposit Account #* * * of BioCryst established and maintained at Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc. for the sole
purpose of securing BioCryst s obligations under the Royalty Hedge;  provided,  that (a) the aggregate amount deposited
therein at any time does not exceed Seven Million Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars ($7,800,000) and (b) Borrower shall not deposit
any amounts therein in excess of the maximum amount required to be deposited therein at the time of such deposit. 

Royalty Hedge   means the
Confirmation of terms and conditions of ISDA Master Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2011, between Morgan Stanley Capital Services
Inc. and BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated as of March 9, 2011, in an aggregate notional amount equal to Seven Million Eight
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($7,800,000). 

Royalty Hedge Documents  
means the Royalty Hedge and all agreements and documents entered into from time to time by a Credit Party in connection therewith. 

Secretary s Certificate  
means, with respect to any Person, a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed by such Person s
secretary (or other appropriate officer acceptable to Agent in its sole but reasonable discretion) on behalf of such Person certifying
(a) that such Person has the authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under each of the Financing Documents to
which it is a party, (b) that attached to such certificate is a true, correct, and complete copy of the Borrowing Resolutions then
in full force and effect authorizing and ratifying the execution, delivery, and performance by such Person of the Financing Documents
to which it is a party, (c) the name(s) of the Person(s) authorized to execute the Financing Documents on behalf of such Person,
together with a sample of the true signature(s) of such Person(s), (d) that attached to such certificate are true, correct, and
complete copies of the Operating Documents of Borrower (or the equivalent thereof in the relevant jurisdiction of organization
of such Credit Party) and good standing certificates of Borrower certified by the Secretary of State of the state(s) of organization
of Borrower (or the equivalent thereof in the relevant jurisdiction of organization of such Credit Party) as of a date no earlier
than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date, (e) that attached to such certificate is true, correct, and complete copy of the
Borrower s Registration Rights Agreement/Investors  Rights Agreement, voting agreements or other agreements among shareholders
and any amendments to the foregoing, and (f) that Agent and the Lenders may conclusively rely on such certificate unless and until
such Person shall have delivered to Agent a further certificate canceling or amending such prior certificate. 

Secured Promissory Note   has the meaning given it in Section
2.7. 

Securities Account   means
any  securities account , as defined in the Code, with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 

Security Documents   means,
collectively, the Pledge Agreement, each IP Security Agreement, each Control Agreement, and each other agreement, document or instrument
executed concurrently herewith or at any time hereafter pursuant to which one (1) or more Credit Parties or any other Person provides,
as security for all or any portion of the Obligations, a Lien on any of its assets in favor of Agent for its own benefit and the
benefit of the Lenders, as any or all of the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Seqirus UK License Agreement  
means that certain License Agreement, by and among BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Seqirus UK Limited, dated as of June 16,
2015, as in effect on the date hereof. 

Stated Rate   has the meaning given it in Section 2.6(g). 

Subordinated Debt   means
indebtedness incurred by Borrower which shall be (a) in an amount satisfactory to Agent, (b) made pursuant to documents in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (the   Subordinated Debt Documents  ), and (c) subordinated to
all of Borrower s now or hereafter indebtedness to Agent and the Lenders pursuant to a Subordination Agreement. 

59   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Subordination Agreement  
means a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in form and substance, and on terms, approved by Agent in writing. 

Subsidiary  
means, with respect to any Person, any Person of which more than fifty percent (50.0%) of the voting stock or other equity interests
(in the case of Persons other than corporations) is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person. Unless the context
otherwise requires, each reference to a Subsidiary shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower . 

Taxes   means all present
or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges
imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Transfer   has the meaning given it in Section 7.1. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary  
means (a) JPR Royalty Sub and (b) any other any Subsidiary of Borrower which Agent may agree from time to time, in its sole discretion,
that Borrower may designate as an Unrestricted Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement. 

U.S. Person   means any Person that
is a  United States Person  as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the 

Code. 

Withholding Agent   means Borrower and Agent. 

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGES]  

60   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  intending
that this instrument constitute an instrument executed and delivered under seal, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement
to be executed as of the Closing Date. 

BORROWER:   

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

By:  /s/ Jon P. Stonehouse                                (SEAL) 
Name: Jon P. Stonehouse 
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

MDCP, LLC  

By:  /s/ Alane Barnes                                       (SEAL) 
Name: Alane Barnes 
Title: Vice President   Secretary 

61   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

AGENT:    

MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST  

By. Apollo Capital Management, L.P., 
its investment manager 

By Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, 
its general partner 

By:  /s/ Maurice Amsellem___________________ (SEAL) 

 Name: Maurice Amsellem 
Title: Authorized Signatory 

62   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

LENDERS:   

MIDCAP FUNDING V TRUST  

By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P., 
its investment manager 

By: Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, 
its general partner 

By:  /s/ Maurice Amsellem                            (SEAL) 
Name: Maurice Amsellem 
Title: Authorized Signatory 

63   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

LENDERS:   

MTDCAP FUNDING XIII TRUST  

By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P., 
        its investment manager 
           
         By: Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, 
        its general partner 

By:  /s/ Maurice Amsellem                                 
 (SEAL) 
         Name: Maurice Amsellem 
        Title: Authorized Signatory 

64   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

LENDERS:   

FLEXPOINT MCLS HOLDINGS LLC  

By:  /s/ Stuart Edelman                                        (SEAL) 

 Name: Stuart Edelman 

 Title: Vice President 

Address:  

Flexpoint MCLS Holdings, LLC  

 c/o MidCap Financial Services, LLC, as servicer  

 7255 Woodmont Avenue, Suite 200  

 Bethesda, Maryland 20814  

 Attn: Account Manager for BioCryst transaction  

 Facsimile: 301-941-1450  

 E-mail:  notices@midcapfinancial.com  

with a copy to: 

Flexpoint MCLS Holdings, LLC  

 c/o MidCap Financial Services, LLC, as servicer  

 7255 Woodmont Avenue, Suite 200  

 Bethesda, Maryland 20814  

 Attn: General Counsel  

 Facsimile: 301-941-1450  

 E-mail:  legalnotices@midcapfinancial.com   

65   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 

EXHIBITS  

Exhibit A    Collateral 

Exhibit B    Form of Compliance Certificate 

Exhibit C    Credit Extension Form 

SCHEDULES  

Credit Facility Schedule   

 Amortization Schedule (for each Credit Facility)  

 Post-Closing Obligations Schedule  

 Closing Deliveries Schedule  

 Disclosure Schedule  

 Intangible Assets Schedule  

 Products Schedule  

 Required Permits Schedule  

 SPE Covenant Schedule 

66   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A   

COLLATERAL    

The Collateral consists of all assets of Borrower,
including all of Borrower s right, title and interest in and to the following personal property: 

(a)                
all goods, Accounts (including health-care insurance receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of
money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles, commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including
any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, investment accounts, commodity accounts
and other Collateral Accounts, all certificates of deposit, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit
is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and 

(b)                
all Borrower s Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all
substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and
insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing. 

Pursuant to the terms of a certain negative
pledge arrangement with Agent and the Lenders, Borrower has agreed not to encumber any of its Intellectual Property without Agent s
and the Lenders  prior written consent. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall
Collateral include any of the following: (a) any license or contract as in effect on the date hereof, but only to the extent that
the granting of a security interest therein is prohibited by or would constitute a default under such license or contract as in
effect on the date hereof, and only to the extent that such prohibition or default is not terminated or rendered unenforceable
or otherwise deemed ineffective by the UCC (including, without limitation, Sections 9-406, 9-407 and 9-408 of the UCC) or any other
applicable law,  provided  that, upon the termination or expiration of any such prohibition or default, such license or contract
shall automatically be subject to the security interest granted in favor of Agent hereunder and shall become part of the  Collateral ,
(b) the equity interests in JPR Royalty Sub to the extent that Borrower is prohibited from pledging such interests pursuant to
the terms of the Pledge and Security Agreement (as defined in the Indenture),  provided  that, upon the termination or expiration
of such prohibition or termination of, or payment in full of the  Secured Obligations  under the Indenture, the equity
interests in JPR Royalty Sub shall automatically be subject to the security interest granted in favor of Agent hereunder and shall
become part of the  Collateral,  (c) any United States intent-to-use trademark applications to the extent that, and
solely during the period in which the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of or render
void or result in the cancellation of, any registration issued as a result of such intent-to-use trademark applications under applicable
law, provided that upon submission and acceptance by the United States Patent and Trademark Office of an amendment to allege use
pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 1051(c) or any successor provision, such intent-to-use trademark application shall be considered
Collateral, (d) any equity interests in any Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party or Excluded Domestic
Holdco, in each case in excess of 65% of all of the issued and outstanding voting shares of capital stock of such Foreign Subsidiary
or Excluded Domestic Holdco, (e) any Excluded Deposit Accounts, and (f) the Patheon Inventory, but only to the extent that the
granting of a security interest therein is prohibited by the Seqirus UK License Agreement;  provided  that, upon the termination
or expiration of any such prohibition, the Patheon Inventory, to the extent Borrower has a right, title or interest therein, then
shall automatically be subject to the security interest granted in favor of Agent hereunder and shall become part of the  Collateral 
(collectively, all of the foregoing exclusions in clauses (a)-(f),   Excluded Property  );  provided ,  however ,
that Excluded Property shall not include any proceeds, products, substitutions, receivables or replacements of Excluded Property
(unless such proceeds, products, substitutions, receivables or replacements would otherwise constitute Excluded Property). 

67   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT B   

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE    

TO: MidCap Financial Trust, as Agent  

FROM: _____________________________  

DATE: ________________, 201 ______  

The undersigned authorized officer of  BIOCRYST
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. , a Delaware corporation (  Borrower  ), certifies that, under the terms and conditions
of the Credit and Security Agreement between Borrower, Agent and the Lenders (as amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise
modified from time to time, the   Agreement  ): 

(1)          Borrower
is in complete compliance with all required covenants for the month ending 

______ ________, 201__, except as noted
below;  

(2)          there
are no Events of Default; 

(3)         
all representations and warranties in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on this date except as noted
below;  provided, however , that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties
that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and  provided, further,  that those representations
and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such
date; 

(4)         
each of Borrower and the other Credit Parties and Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed all required Tax returns and reports,
and has timely paid all foreign, federal, state and local Taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed except as otherwise
permitted pursuant to the terms of the Agreement; 

(5)         
no Liens have been levied or claims made against Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries relating to unpaid employee payroll
or benefits of which Borrower has not previously provided written notification to Agent; and 

(6)         
[attached hereto is an updated [Disclosure Schedule][Required Permits Schedule][Products Schedule][Intangible Assets Schedule][INSERT
AS APPROPRIATE] as required to be updated pursuant to the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement.] 1  

Attached are the required documents supporting
the certifications set forth in this Compliance Certificate. The undersigned certifies, in his/her capacity as an officer of Borrower,
that these are prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied from one period to the next except as explained in an accompanying
letter or footnotes. The undersigned acknowledges, in his/her capacity as an officer of Borrower, that no borrowings may be requested
at any time or date of determination that Borrower is not in compliance with any of the terms of the Agreement, and that compliance
is determined not just at the date this certificate is delivered. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings given them in the Agreement. 

Please indicate compliance status by circling Yes/No under  Complies 
column.  

Reporting Covenant   
       Required   
       Complies    

Monthly Financial Statements  
      Monthly within * * *  
      Yes
          No   

_______________ 

  1 To be included only with financial
statements delivered for periods ending March 31 st  and September 30 th , respectively.  

68   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Audited Financial Statements  
      Annually within * * * after FYE  
      Yes No   
 
      Board Approved Projections  
      Annually within * * * after FYE  
      Yes No   
 
      Compliance Certificate  
      Monthly within * * *  
      Yes No   
 
      The following are the exceptions with respect to the
certification above: (If no exceptions exist, state  No exceptions to note. )  

BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  
       
      AGENT USE ONLY   

By:________________________________ 

 Name:______________________________ 

  Title: ______________________________  

Received by:_____ 

 AUTHORIZED SIGNER 

 Date: ______________ 

Verified:____________  

 AUTHORIZED SIGNER 

 Date: ______________ 

Compliance Status: Yes          No  

69   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT C   

CREDIT EXTENSION FORM    

DEADLINE IS NOON NEW YORK TIME   

Date:                             ,  201__ 

LOAN ADVANCE:  

Complete  Outgoing
Wire Request  section below if all or a portion of the funds from this loan advance are for an outgoing wire.   

From Account # ___________________________________ To Account #____________________________  

 (Loan Account #)                                                                                     (Deposit Account #) 

Amount of Advance $_________________________  

Requested Date of Advance (subject to requirements of Credit and Security Agreement): 

All of Borrower s representations and warranties
in the Credit and Security Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects on the date of the request for an
advance;  provided, however , that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties
that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and  provided, further , that those representations
and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such
date: 

Authorized Signature: ______________________  Phone Number: ________________ 

  Print Name/Title:  

OUTGOING WIRE REQUEST:   

Complete only if all or a portion of funds from the loan advance above is
to be wired.  

Beneficiary Name:___________________________  

 Amount of Wire: $____________________________________  

Beneficiary Lender: 

 Account Number: 

City and State:______________________  

Beneficiary Lender Transit (ABA) #: ____________ Beneficiary Lender Code
(Swift, Sort, Chip, etc.):____________   

  (For International Wire Only)  

 Intermediary Lender: ________________________ Transit (ABA) #:_______________________________  

For Further Credit to:____________________________________________________________________   

 Special Instruction:______________________________________________________________________  

By signing below, I (we) acknowledge and agree that my (our)
funds transfer request shall be processed in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the agreements(s)
covering funds transfer service(s), which agreements(s) were previously received and executed by me.  

Authorized Signature: ______________________________ 2 nd  Signature
(if required):________________________  

 Print Name/Title: __________________________________ Print Name/Title:______________________________  

 Telephone #:_____________________________________ Telephone #: _________________________________ 

70   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

CREDIT FACILITY SCHEDULE   

The following Credit Facility is specified
on this Credit Facility Schedule:  

Credit Facility and Type:                         Term 

Lenders for and their respective Applicable Commitments to this Credit
Facility:  

The following defined terms apply to this Credit Facility:  

Applicable Interest Period:  means the one (1)-month
period starting on the first (1st) day of each month and ending on the last day of such month;  provided, however , that the
first (1st) Applicable Interest Period for each Credit Extension under this Credit Facility shall commence on the date that the
applicable Credit Extension is made and end on the last day of such month. 

Applicable Floor:  means one half of one percent (0.5%) per annum for
the Applicable Libor Rate. 

Applicable Funding Conditions : Not applicable. 

Applicable Margin:  a rate of interest equal to eight percent (8.0%)
per annum. 

Applicable Prepayment Fee:  means the following amount,
calculated as of the date (the   Accrual Date  ) that the Applicable Prepayment Fee becomes payable in the case
of prepayments required under the Financing Documents or the date that any voluntary prepayment is made: (a) for an Accrual Date
on or after the Closing Date through and including the date which is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date, three percent (3.0%)
multiplied by the amount of the outstanding principal of the Credit Extension prepaid or required to be prepaid (whichever is greater);
(b) for an Accrual Date after the date which is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date through and including the date twenty-four
(24) months after the Closing Date, two percent (2.0%) multiplied by the amount of the outstanding principal of the Credit Extension
prepaid or required to be prepaid (whichever is greater); or (c) for an Accrual Date after the date twenty-four (24) months after
the Closing Date through and including the date which is thirty-six (36) months after the Closing Date, one percent (1.0%) multiplied
by the amount of the outstanding principal of the Credit Extension prepaid or required to be prepaid (whichever is greater). 

Closed Period:  Not applicable. 

Commitment Commencement Date:  Closing Date. 

Commitment Termination Date:  the close of the Business Day following
the Closing Date. 

Minimum Credit Extension Amount:  $23,000,000. 

Permitted Purpose:  Not applicable. 

71   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

AMORTIZATION SCHEDULE    

Commencing on January 1, 2018, and continuing on the first
(1 st ) day of each calendar month thereafter, Borrower shall pay to Agent as a principal payment under the Credit Facility
outstanding an amount equal to the Amortization Payment (defined below) as an amortization payment in respect of the Credit Extensions
made under such Credit Facility. The term   Amortization Payment   means the principal payment based upon a forty
(40)-month straight-line amortization of equal monthly principal payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
the foregoing, the entire remaining outstanding principal balance under the Credit Extensions shall mature and be due and payable
upon the Maturity Date. 

72   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

POST CLOSING OBLIGATIONS SCHEDULE   

Borrower shall satisfy and complete
each of the following obligations, or provide Agent with each of the items listed below, as applicable, on or before the date indicated
below, all to the satisfaction of Agent in its sole and absolute discretion: 

1.  Borrower shall, by the date that is * * * following the Closing
Date (or such later date as Agent may agree in writing), either provide Agent with (i) fully executed Access Agreements in respect
of Borrower s facilities located at 33 Industrial Park Road, Pennsville, NJ 08070 and 1519 N. 23 rd  Street., Wilmington,
NC 28405, or (ii) evidence, reasonably satisfactory to Agent, that Borrower has relocated all assets and property maintained at
each such Closing Date Location to a location which is subject to an Access Agreement in favor of Agent;  provided  that,
notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such Access Agreements by the date
that is * * * following the closing.   

2.  Borrower shall, by the date that is * * * following the Closing
Date (or such later date as Agent may agree in writing), either provide Agent with (i) a fully executed Access Agreement in respect
of Borrower s facility located at 4505 Emperor Blvd., Suite 200 Durham, NC 27703 or (ii) evidence, reasonably satisfactory
to Agent, that Borrower has relocated all of Borrower s Books to a business location which is subject to an Access Agreement
in favor of Agent;  provided  that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
such Access Agreements by the date that is * * * following the closing.   

3.  Borrowers shall, by the date that is * * * following the Closing
Date (or such later date as Agent may agree in writing) cause shares representing 65% of the stock of BioCryst UK Limited together
with undated stock powers (or the equivalent) with respect thereto duly executed in blank to be delivered to Agent.   

4.  Borrower shall, by the date that is * * * after the Closing Date (or such later date
as Agent may agree in writing), provide Agent with endorsements to Borrowers  property insurance policies naming Agent as
lender loss payee and endorsements to Borrowers  liability insurance policies naming Agent as additional insured in respect
of each of the insurance policies required by Section 6.5.   

5.  Borrower shall, by the date that is * * * after the Closing Date (or such later date
as Agent may agree in writing) establish one or more separate Deposit Accounts in accordance with the SPE Covenants in the name
of Peramivir SPE at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and deliver Control Agreements with respect to each such Deposit Account, in form and
substance acceptable to Agent, duly executed and delivered by Peramivir, Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.   

6.  Borrower shall, by the date that is * * * after the Closing Date (or such later date
as Agent may agree in writing) deliver Control Agreements with respect to each such Deposit Account, in form and substance acceptable
to Agent, duly executed and delivered by BioCryst, Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. with respect to BioCryst s account #* * *
at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the   Foreign Currency Account  );  provided  that prior to the date on which
such Control Agreement is executed and delivered, Borrowers shall not permit the aggregate balance of the Foreign Currency Account
to exceed $* * * at any time.   

Borrower s failure to
complete and satisfy any of the above obligations on or before the date indicated above, or Borrower s failure to deliver
any of the above listed items on or before the date indicated above, shall constitute an immediate and automatic Event of Default. 

73   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

CLOSING DELIVERIES SCHEDULE   

1.  duly executed signatures to the Financing Documents to which Borrower is a party;   

2.  duly executed signatures to the Control Agreements with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association;   

3.  duly executed original Secured Promissory Notes in favor of each Lender with
a face amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Commitment under each Credit Facility;   

4.  the Operating Documents of Borrower and good standing certificates of Borrower
(or the equivalent thereof in the relevant jurisdiction of organization of Borrower) certified by the Secretary of State or similar
entity of the jurisdiction of organization of Borrower as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date;   

5.  good standing certificates (or the equivalent thereof in the relevant jurisdiction
of organization of Borrower) dated as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date to the effect that Borrower
is qualified to transact business in all states in which the nature of Borrower s business so requires;   

6.  duly executed signatures to the completed Borrowing Resolutions for Borrower;   

7.  certified copies, dated as of a recent date, of Lien, bankruptcy, insolvency,
judgment, copyright, patent and trademark searches in each jurisdiction reasonably requested by Agent with respect to the Credit
Parties, as Agent shall request, accompanied by written evidence (including any UCC termination statements) that the Liens indicated
in any such financing statements either constitute Permitted Liens or have been or, in connection with the initial Credit Extension,
will be terminated or released;   

8.  the Perfection Certificate executed by Borrower;   

10.  a legal opinion of Borrower s counsel dated as of the Closing Date
together with the duly executed signatures thereto;   

12.  payment of the fees and expenses of Agent and the Lenders then accrued, including
pursuant to the Fee Letters;   

13.  a duly executed Secretary s Certificate dated as of the Closing Date
which includes copies of the completed Borrowing Resolutions for Borrower;   

14.  timely receipt by Agent of an executed disbursement letter;   

15.  a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which shall certify as to certain conditions to the funding of the Credit Extensions
on the Closing Date; and   

17.  (i) all share certificates, transfers and stock transfer forms or equivalent duly executed by
the relevant Credit Party in blank in relation to the assets subject to or expressed to be subject to the Security Documents and
other documents of title to be provided under the Security Documents, other than the share certificates and related transfer with
respect to Biocryst UK Limited and (ii) all other possessory collateral required to be delivered to Agent with corresponding endorsements
pursuant to Section 4.2(b).   

74   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE   

Scheduled Collateral Accounts   

Bank Name   
       Account Type   
       Account Number    
 
      Wells Fargo Bank, NA  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      Wells Fargo Bank, NA  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      Wells Fargo Bank, NA  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      Wells Fargo Bank, NA  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      Wells Fargo Bank, NA  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      HSBC  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      HSBC  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      Wells Fargo Advisors  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      US Bank, NA  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      Morgan Stanley  
      * * *  
      * * *   

75   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Scheduled Permitted Investments   

NONE. 

76   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Scheduled Permitted Liens  

77   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Scheduled Permitted Indebtedness  

Lease Obligations  

Maturity  
      Months Remaining  
      Rent per month  
      Tax  
      Total Monthly Pymt.  

* * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

78   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Scheduled Material Agreements  

1.       Joint Research and License Agreement,
dated November 23, 1994, by and between BioCryst 

           Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and The University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB
Agreement ). 

79   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Permitted License  

1.  See  Intangible Assets Schedule License and Similar Agreements Material
License Agreements  The Company also has the following outbound licenses existing on the Closing Date: 

1.  License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated February 28,
2007, by and between Shionogi   Co., Ltd. and BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   

2.  First Amendment to License, Development and Commercialization Agreement,
effective as of September 30, 2008, between BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Shionogi   Co., Ltd.   

3.  Amended and Restated Agreement, dated November 11, 2011, by and between BioCryst Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. and Mundipharma International Holdings Limited.   

4.  Supply, Distribution and Licensing Agreement, dated March 2, 2011, by and between BioCryst Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. and Neopharm Scientific Ltd.   

5.  License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated June 12, 2006, by and between BioCryst
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Green Cross Corporation.   

80   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Scheduled Litigation   

NONE. 

81   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Scheduled ownership interest in any Chattel Paper, letter of credit
rights, commercial tort claims, Instruments, documents or investment property  

NONE. 

82   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

INTANGIBLE ASSETS SCHEDULE   

See Summaries of US, Canadian, UK,
German, French, and Japanese Patents and Applications in BioCryst Patent Estate, attached as Exhibit A.  

See Summary of US, Canadian, UK, German, French, and Japanese Trademark
Registrations and Applications in BioCryst Estate, attached as Exhibit B. 

83   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

  Summary of US Patents and Applications in BioCryst Patent Estate
- September 14, 2016  

Borrower that is Owner of IP 1    
       Name/Identifier of IP   
       Type of IP   
     
          Patent or  
          Application Number  
            
       Filing Date 2    
     
          Projected  
 Expiration  
          Date 3   

BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

Confidential  

84   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

Summary of US Patents and Applications in BioCryst Patent Estate
- September 14, 2016  

Borrower that is Owner of IP 1    
       Name/Identifier of IP   
       Type of IP   
     
          Patent or  
          Application Number  
            
       Filing Date 2    
     
          Projected  
 Expiration  
          Date 3   

BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

Confidential  

85   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

Summary of US Patents and Applications in BioCryst Patent Estate
- September 14, 2016  

Borrower that is Owner of IP 1    
       Name/Identifier of IP   
       Type of IP   
     
          Patent or  
          Application Number  
            
       Filing Date 2    
     
          Projected  
 Expiration  
          Date 3   

BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

Confidential  

86   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

Summary of US Patents and Applications in BioCryst
Patent Estate - September 14, 2016  

NOTES: 

1  The asterisk (*) indicates  Licensee  status.  

  2 Unless otherwise indicated, PCT filing date is listed.
The asterisk (*) indicates earliest US Utility filing date for non-PCT- based applications.  

  3 Projected expiration dates extending beyond 20 years
include PTA adjustments.  

  4 Not yet published, so unavailable to the public.  

  5 US national-stage of * * *, which has published. 

Confidential  

87   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

Summary of Canadian Patents and Applications in BioCryst Patent
Estate - September 20, 2016  

Borrower that  
           
          is Owner of 
        IP 1   
            
       Name/Identifier of IP   
       Type of IP   
       Patent or Application    
  Number   
       Filing Date 2    
       Projected Expiration Date    

BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

NOTES: 

1  The asterisk (*) indicates  Licensee 
status. 

  2  PCT application filing date is listed. 

Confidential  

88   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

Summary of United Kingdom (GB), France (FR), and Germany (DE)
Patents and Applications in BioCryst Patent Estate - September 20, 2016  

Borrower that is Owner of IP 1    
       Name/Identifier of IP   
       Type of    
  IP   
       Country   
       Patent or    
  Application    
  Number 2    
       Filing Date 3    
       Projected    
  Expiration    
  Date    

BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      GB, FR  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      DE  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      GB, FR  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      DE  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      GB, FR  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      DE  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      EP  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      EP  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      GB, FR  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      DE  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      GB, FR  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      DE  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      GB, FR  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      DE  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      GB, FR  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

Confidential  

89   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

Borrower that is Owner of IP 1    
       Name/Identifier of IP   
       Type of    
  IP   
       Country   
       Patent or    
  Application    
  Number 2    
       Filing Date 3    
       Projected    
  Expiration    
  Date    

* * *  

BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      DE  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      EP  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      EP  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      EP  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      EP  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      GB, FR  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      DE  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      EP  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

NOTES: 

1  The asterisk (*) indicates  Licensee  status. 

 2 All GB, FR, and DE patents are validations of an EP granted patent.
GB and FR validations retain the EP patent number; DE validation numbers reflect the assigned German file number. Pending EP applications
have GB, FR, and DE listed as designated states in which a future EP grant may be validated. 

  3  PCT application filing date is listed. 

  4  European national-stage filing of * * * (which has
published) has been authorized; EP application number is to be assigned. 

Confidential  

90   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

Summary of Japanese Patents and Applications in BioCryst Patent
Estate - September 20, 2016  

Borrower that is Owner of IP 1   
            
       Name/Identifier of IP   
       Type of IP   
       Patent or Application    
  Number   
       Filing Date 2    
     
          Projected  
 Expiration  
          Date 3   

BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst*  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

Confidential  

91   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT A  

Borrower that is Owner of IP 1   
            
       Name/Identifier of IP   
       Type of IP   
       Patent or Application    
  Number   
       Filing Date 2    
     
          Projected  
 Expiration Date 3   

BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      BioCryst  
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *  
      * * *   

NOTES: 

1  The asterisk (*) indicates  Licensee 
status.  

  2  PCT application filing date is listed.  

  3  Projected expiration dates extending beyond
20 years include PTE adjustments.  

  4  Japanese national-stage of * * *,
which has published; the Japanese application number is not yet available. 

Confidential  

92   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

EXHIBIT B  

Summary of Trademark Registrations and Applications in BioCryst
Estate   September 20, 2016  

1 For US trademarks, 10-year date based on initial
registration date or subsequent renewal date. Assumes  Declaration of Use under Section 8  is filed between the fifth
and sixth year following registration. The filing of a combined  Declaration of Use and Application for Renewal under Sections
8 and 9  must be filed between the ninth and tenth year after registration, and every 10 years thereafter, to maintain mark
beyond the initial 10-year expiration date. 

Confidential  

93   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

INTANGIBLE ASSETS SCHEDULE ( CONTINUED )   

LICENSE AND SIMILAR AGREEMENTS   

Material License Agreements   

INBOUND LICENSE # 1   
 
       Name and Date of License Agreement:   
      Joint Research and License Agreement by and between BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and The UAB Research Foundation re: Neuraminidase (IVN), dated November 23, 1994   
 
       Borrower that is Licensee:   
      BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
 
       Name and address of Licensor:   
      The UAB Research Foundation, 701 South 20 th  Street, Suite 1120G/AB, Birmingham, Alabama 35294-0111   
 
       Expiration Date of License   
      See Section 13.1, at page 41   
 
       Exclusive License [Y/N]?   
      Yes   
 
       Restrictions on:   
       Right to Grant a Lien [Y/N]?   

Right to Assign [Y/N]?   
      No, without the prior written consent of UAB (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), the licenses and other rights granted pursuant to this Agreement, shall not be transferred in their entirety by BioCryst to any other party other than to a successor of the business of BioCryst relating to IVNI and any other such transfer shall be null and void.   
 
       Right to Sublicense [Y/N]?   
      BioCryst is free to grant licenses and sublicenses to Third Parties without the necessity of obtaining any consent from UAB. (Section 14.5).   
 
      Under the terms of this agreement, UAB performed specific research for us in return for research payments and license fees. UAB has granted us certain rights to any discoveries in these areas resulting from research developed by UAB or jointly developed with us. We have agreed to pay single digit royalties on sales of any resulting product and to share in future payments received from other third-party partners. These two agreements have initial 25-year terms, are automatically renewable for five-year terms throughout the life of the last patent and are terminable by us upon three months  notice and by UAB under certain circumstances.   

Confidential  

94   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

OUTBOUND LICENSE #1 [COMPLETE FOR EACH AGREEMENT]   
 
       Name and Date of License Agreement:   
      License Agreement by and between BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Seqirus UK Limited, dated June 16, 2015   
 
       Borrower that is Licensor:   
      BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
 
       Name and address of Licensee:   
      Seqirus UK Limited, 100 New Bridge Street, London, England, EC4V 6JA   
 
       Expiration Date of License   
      See Article 13, Section 13.1, at page 40   
 
       Exclusive License [Y/N]?   
      Yes, in the Field and in the Territory (worldwide, excluding Israel, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan)   
 
       Restrictions on:   
       Right to Grant a Lien [Y/N]?   
      No, unless Seqirus provides written consent. (Section 16.1)   
 
       Right to Assign [Y/N]?   
      No, unless Seqirus provides written consent, except that assignment to an affiliate is permitted (Section 16.1)   
 
       Right to Sublicense [Y/N]?   
      A limited sublicense to Third Party contractors as permitted under Section 3.6 does not require the prior approval of BioCryst. Any other sublicense requires the prior approval of BioCryst. (Sections 2.1, 3.6)   
 
       Does Default or Termination Affect Agent s Ability to sell [Y/N]?   
      Yes.   
 
       Describe Licensed Intellectual Property For This License    
 
       Name / Identifier of IP   
       Type of IP (e.g., patent, TM,  , mask work)   
     
          Registration/  
          Publication or Application Number 1   
            
       Filing Date 2  / Expiration Date 3     
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   

Confidential  

95   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

* * *  

* * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   

* * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   

* * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   

* * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   
 
      * * *  

* * *  
      Patent  
      * * *  
      * * *   

Confidential  

96   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

* * *  

NOTES: 

1  Updated from license schedule to reflect
current status (e.g., patent grants, additional filings (continuations, divisionals, patent status etc...). 

2 Unless otherwise indicated, PCT filing date is listed.
The asterisk (*) indicates earliest US Utility filing date for non-PCT-based applications. 

3  For US patents, projected expiration dates
extending beyond 20 years include PTA adjustments. 

Confidential  

97   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

PRODUCTS SCHEDULE   

RAPIVAB 
BCX7353 
BCX4430 

98   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

REQUIRED PERMITS SCHEDULE   

NDA 206426 FOR RAPIVAB (PERAMIVIR) WAS SUBMITTED ON 22 DEC 2013
AND APPROVED ON 19 DEC 2014.  

99   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

SPE COVENANT SCHEDULE  

Since the date
of its formation and at all times on and after the date thereof, Peramivir SPE has complied with and shall at all times after
the date hereof comply with the following requirements:  

(a)         
does not have and will not have any assets other than (i) the Seqirus UK License Agreement and all of its rights thereunder, (ii)
its rights under a license agreement between Borrower, as licensor, and Peramivir SPE, as licensee, regarding the Peramivir IP
and (iii) de minimis cash necessary to pay fees and costs associated with maintaining its legal existence and good standing in
its respective jurisdiction of formation, each in accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement; 

(b)         
is not engaged and will not engage in any business unrelated to the performance of its obligations under the Seqirus UK License
Agreement and the license agreement with Borrower regarding the Peramivir IP; 

(c)         
is organized solely for the purpose of assuming all of Biocryst s rights and obligations under the Seqirus UK License Agreement; 

(d)         
has not entered into and will not enter into any contract or agreement with any Affiliate of such entity, any constituent party
of such entity or any Affiliate of any constituent party, except upon terms and conditions, that have been, are and shall be intrinsically
fair and substantially similar to those that would be available on an arms-length basis with third parties other than any such
party; 

(e)         
has not incurred and will not incur any Indebtedness other than the Obligations incurred hereunder; 

(f)          
has not made and will not make any loans or advances to any third party (including any affiliate or constituent party or any affiliate
of any constituent party) and has not and shall not acquire obligations or securities of its Affiliates or any constituent party; 

(g)         
has been, is and will remain solvent and has paid, and will pay, its debts and liabilities (including, as applicable, shared personnel
and overhead expenses) from its own funds and assets as the same have become due and as same shall become due; 

(h)         
has done or caused to be done and will do all things necessary to observe organizational formalities and preserve its existence
and will not, nor will such entity permit any constituent party, to amend, modify or otherwise change the organizational documents
of such entity or such constituent party without the prior written consent of Agent; 

(i)           
has maintained, and will maintain, all of its books, records, financial statements and bank accounts separate from those of its
Affiliates and any constituent party and such entity will file its own tax returns. Such entity shall maintain its books, records,
resolutions and agreements as official records; 

(j)          
has been and will be, and at all times has held itself out and will hold itself out to the public as, a legal entity separate and
distinct from any other entity (including any Affiliate of such entity, any constituent party of such entity or any Affiliate of
any constituent party), shall correct any known misunderstanding regarding its status as a separate entity, shall conduct business
in its own name, shall not identify itself or any of its Affiliates as a division or part of the other and shall maintain and utilize
a separate telephone number, if any, and separate stationery, invoices and checks; 

(k)         
has maintained, and will maintain, adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size
and character and in light of its contemplated business operations; 

(l)           
has not engaged, sought or consented to and will not engage in, seek or consent to any dissolution, winding up, liquidation, consolidation,
merger, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, transfer of its equity 

100   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

interests or amendment of its operating documents with respect to
the matters set forth in this SPE Covenant Schedule; 

(m)     has not commingled
and will not commingle its funds and other assets with those of any Affiliate or constituent party, or any Affiliate of any constituent
party, or any other person; 

(n)       has
and will maintain its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual
assets from those of any Affiliate or constituent party, or any Affiliate of any constituent party, or any other Person and has
held and will hold its assets in its own name; 

(o)       has
not and will not assume or guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other Person or hold out its credit as being available
to satisfy the obligations of any other Person except as permitted pursuant to this Agreement; 

(p)       [reserved]; 

(q)       has
organizational documents that provide that it will not: (i) dissolve, merge, liquidate, consolidate; (ii) sell all or substantially
all of its assets; (iii) engage in any other business activity or amend its organizational documents with respect to the matters
set forth in this SPE Covenant Schedule without the consent of Agent; or (iv) without the affirmative vote of all directors or
managers of such entity, file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or otherwise institute insolvency proceedings with respect to
itself or to any other entity in which it has a direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interest; 

(r)        
has maintained and will maintain its financial statements, accounting records and other entity documents separate from any other
Person and has not permitted and will not permit its assets to be listed as assets on the financial statement of any other entity
except as required by GAAP;  provided ,  however , that any such consolidated financial statement shall contain a note
indicating that its separate assets and liabilities are neither available to pay the debts of the consolidated entity nor constitute
obligations of the consolidated entity; 

(s)       
has paid and will pay its own liabilities and expenses, including the salaries of its own employees, out of its own funds and assets,
and has maintained and will maintain a sufficient number of employees in light of its contemplated business operations; 

(t)        
has allocated and will allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with any Affiliate, including, but
not limited to, paying for shared office space and services performed by any employee of an Affiliate; 

(u)       maintains
and uses and will maintain and use separate stationery, invoices and checks bearing its name; 

(v)       has
not pledged and will not pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Person, except as permitted pursuant to this Agreement; 

(w)      has not identified
and will not identify its partners, members or shareholders, or any Affiliate of any of them, as a division or part of it and has
not identified itself and shall not identify itself as a division of any other Person; 

(x)       has
not and will not have any obligation to, and will not, indemnify its partners, officers, directors or members, as the case may
be, unless such an obligation is fully subordinated to the Obligations and will not constitute a claim against it in the event
that cash flow in excess of the amount required to pay the Obligations is insufficient to pay such obligation; and 

(y)       shall
conduct its business so that the assumptions made with respect to such entity in any opinion letter (the   Non-Consolidation
Opinion  ) to be delivered by counsel for such entity, as reasonably requested by 

101   

         Pursuant to 17 CFR 20.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked  ***  and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request with the Commission.     

Agent in connection with a secondary market transaction undertaken
with respect to the Credit Extensions shall be true and correct in all respects. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Jon P. Stonehouse, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016  
      /s/ Jon P. Stonehouse  

Jon P. Stonehouse  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Thomas R. Staab, II, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016  
      /s/ Thomas R. Staab, II  

Thomas R. Staab, II  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending 
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jon P.
Stonehouse, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  
     
         The Report fully complies with the requirements of
        section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Jon P. Stonehouse  

Jon P. Stonehouse  

President and Chief Executive
        Officer 
         Date: November 8, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exh_322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas R. Staab, II, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Thomas R. Staab, II  

Thomas R. Staab, II  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
        Treasurer 
         Date: November 8, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 bcrx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 bcrx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 bcrx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 bcrx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 bcrx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 bcrx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

