<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-K-A_edgar_data_1286131_0001193125-16-764513_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13124398</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>288458</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>690078</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2425720</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6097318</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3085729</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>78</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764513.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109171451
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764513
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STONEMOR PARTNERS LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001286131
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				800103159
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32270
		FILM NUMBER:		161985153

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 VETERANS HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			LEVITTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2158262800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 VETERANS HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			LEVITTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19056

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764513.txt : 20161109

10-K/A
 1
 d274518d10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K/A

Form 10-K/A 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-K/A
     Amendment No. 1        
       (Mark One)   
 
  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED December 31, 2015   
  OR       
 
  FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                                                                        
                         TO
                                                                        
                         .   
  Commission File Number: 001-32270        
       STONEMOR
PARTNERS L.P.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  80-0103159   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
     
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code (215) 826-2800   
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:       

Title of each class   
   
    Name of each exchange on which
registered    

Common Units  
   
  New York Stock Exchange   
    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None   
         
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes       No       The aggregate market value of the common
units held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $799.0 million as of June 30, 2015 based on $30.15, the closing price per common unit as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on that date.   
 The number of the registrant s outstanding common units at February 12, 2016 was 32,648,469.  
  Documents incorporated by reference: None       

The aggregate market value of the common units set forth above equals the number of the registrant s common units outstanding, reduced by the number of common units held by executive officers, directors and persons
owning 10% or more of the registrant s common units, multiplied by the closing price per the registrant s common unit on June 30, 2015, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The
information provided shall in no way be construed as an admission that any person whose holdings are excluded from this figure is an affiliate of the registrant or that any person whose holdings are included in this figure is not an affiliate of the
registrant and any such admission is hereby disclaimed. The information provided herein is included solely for record keeping purposes of the Securities and Exchange Commission.    

Table of Contents  

   Explanatory Note   
 We are filing this Amendment No. 1 to our annual report on Form 10-K (  Form 10-K/A  ) for the year ended December 31, 2015,
which was originally filed on February 29, 2016 (  Original Filing  ), to restate the Partnership s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2015, the related notes thereto, and the Partnership s unaudited quarterly consolidated financial information for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, included in the Original Filing ( Restatement ).  
 This Form 10-K/A contains only Item 1A (Risk Factors of Part I), Item 6 (Selected Financial Data), Item 7 (Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations), Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data) and Item 9A (Controls and Procedures) of Part II and Item 15 (Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules) of Part IV, and items including
information not affected by the Restatement have not been repeated in this Form 10-K/A.    The Restatement corrects accounting errors
related to:      

1) 
 The allocation of net loss to the General Partner and the limited partners for the purposes of determining the general partner s and limited partners  capital accounts presented within  Partners 
capital,  and the corresponding effect on  net loss per limited partner unit (basic and diluted)  for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015;    

2) 
 The presentation of certain components of  Cemetery property ,  Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation ,  Goodwill and intangible assets ,  Deferred cemetery revenues,
net ,  Merchandise liability ,  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  and  Common limited partners  interest  as of December 31, 2015 and 2014;    

3) 
 The presentation of  Cemetery merchandise revenues , Cemetery service revenues , and  Cost of goods sold  related to assumed performance obligations from acquisitions for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2015;       

4) 
 The recording of incorrect amounts of investment revenues and expenses related to merchandise and perpetual care trusts on the consolidated statement of operations and the incorrect tracking of perpetual care-trusting
obligations on the consolidated balance sheets;        

5) 
 The recognition of incorrect amounts of revenue from deferred pre-acquisition contracts in the consolidated statement of operations based on inaccurate system inputs;    

6) 
 Other adjustments principally relating to the recognition, accuracy and/or classification of certain amounts in  Deferred cemetery revenues, net ,  Merchandise liabilities , and  Other current
assets  and        

7) 
 The corresponding effect of the foregoing accounting errors on the Partnership s income tax accounts, consolidated statement of partners  capital, consolidated statement of cash flows, and the related notes
thereto, disclosed in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 included in  Item 8   Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data  to this Form 10-K/A ( Item 8 ), as well as Note 20,  Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) , in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.    
 Note 2,  Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements,  in the Partnership s consolidated financial
statements included in Item 8 provides further information regarding the Restatement. Note 20,  Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) , in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 presents the
effect of this Restatement on the Partnership s unaudited quarterly consolidated financial information for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.  Item 6   Selected Financial Data  to this Form 10-K/A ( Item
6 ) summarizes the effect of this Restatement on the Partnership s 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, and 2011 selected consolidated financial data.  Item 9A   Controls and Procedures  to this Form 10-K/A discloses the material
weaknesses in the Partnership s internal controls associated with the Restatement, as well as management s conclusion that the Partnership s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31,
2015. As disclosed therein, management is currently evaluating the changes needed in the Partnership s internal controls over financial reporting to remediate these material weaknesses.  
 This Form 10-K/A does not reflect events occurring after the filing of the Original Filing and does not substantively modify or update the
disclosures therein other than as required to reflect the adjustments described above and to state our current address of principal executive offices on the cover page of Form 10-K/A. See Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
set forth in Item 8 of this Form 10-K/A, for additional information.   We are also filing currently dated certifications from our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1, and 32.2 to this Form 10-K/A.    Concurrently with the filing of
this Form 10-K/A, we are filing an amendment to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 to restate our previously filed unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and amend related
information.    Unless the context otherwise requires, references to  we,   us,   our,   StoneMor, 
the  Company,  or the  Partnership  are to StoneMor Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   FORM 10-K/A OF STONEMOR PARTNERS L.P.   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

PART I      

Item 1A.  
   
    Risk Factors    

4 

PART II     

Item 6.  
   
    Selected Financial Data   

17 

Item 7.  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

20 

Item 8.  
   
    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

33 

Item 9A.  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

71 

PART IV     

Item 15.  
   
    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules    

75 

3  

Table of Contents  

      PART I    

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS (Revised)       This Item 1A. in Form 10-K/A does not reflect events
occurring after the filing of the Original Filing and does not substantively modify or update the risk factors herein other than as required to reflect the adjustments described in the Explanatory Note.  
  RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS   
 Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, the risks set
forth below. The risks described below should not be considered comprehensive and all-inclusive. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and/or operating results. If any events occur that give rise to the following risks, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. These risk factors should be
read in conjunction with other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes. Many such factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Investors are cautioned
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.      We may not have sufficient cash from operations to
increase distributions, to continue paying distributions at their current level, or at all, after we have paid our expenses, including the expenses of our general partner, funded merchandise and perpetual care trusts and established necessary cash
reserves.      The amount of cash we can distribute on our units principally depends upon the amount of cash we generate from
operations, which fluctuates from quarter to quarter based on, among other things:      

the volume of our sales;        

the prices at which we sell our products and services; and        

the level of our operating and general and administrative costs.      In addition, the actual
amount of cash we will have available for distribution will depend on other factors, such as working capital borrowings, capital expenditures and funding requirements for trusts and our ability to withdraw amounts from trusts. Therefore, our
major risk is related to uncertainties associated with our cash flow from our pre-need and at-need sales, our trusts, and financings, which may impact our ability to meet our financial projections, our ability to service our debt and pay
distributions, and our ability to increase our distributions.    If we do not generate sufficient cash to continue paying distributions at
least at their current level, the market price of our common units may decline materially. We expect that we will need working capital borrowings of approximately $60.0 million during the year ending December 31, 2016 in order to have
sufficient operating surplus to pay distributions at their current level and with the projected increase on our common units, although the actual amount of working capital borrowings could be materially more or less. These working capital borrowings
enable us to finance the build-up in our accounts receivables, and to construct mausoleums and purchase products for our pre-need sales in advance of the time of need, which, in turn, allows us to generate available cash for operating surplus over
time by accessing the funds held in trust for the products purchased.      Our substantial level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect our
ability to generate sufficient cash for distribution to our unitholders, to fulfill our debt obligations and to operate our business.    
 We have a substantial amount of debt, which requires significant interest and principal payments. As of December 31, 2015, we had $149.5
million of total debt outstanding on a revolving credit facility that matures in December 2019, which would give us $30.5 million of total available borrowing capacity under our credit facility. The revolving credit facility provides for both
acquisition draws, which are used primarily to finance acquisitions, acquisition related costs and mausoleum construction costs, and working capital draws, which are used to finance all other corporate costs. As of December 31, 2015, we had
$105.0 million of working capital draws, which are limited to a borrowing formula of 85% of eligible account receivables. This limit was $139.0 million at December 31, 2015. In addition, as of December 31, 2015, we had $175.0 million
aggregate principal amount of 7.875% Senior Notes due 2021 outstanding. Leverage makes us more vulnerable to economic downturns. Because we are obligated to dedicate a portion of our cash flow to service our debt obligations, our cash flow available
for operations and for distribution to our unitholders will be reduced. The amount of indebtedness we have could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, limit our ability to obtain
additional financing, if necessary, for working capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes, and require us to dedicate more cash flow to service our debt than we desire. Our ability to satisfy our indebtedness as required by the terms of
our debt will be dependent on, among other things, the successful execution of our long-term strategic plan. Subject to limitations in our debt obligations, we may incur additional debt in the future, for acquisitions or otherwise, and servicing
this debt could further limit our cash flow available for operations and distribution to unitholders.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

    Restrictions in our existing and future debt agreements could limit our ability to make distributions to
you or capitalize on acquisition and other business opportunities.      The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our
senior notes, our revolving credit facility and any future financing agreements could restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue our business activities. For example, our senior notes and our revolving
credit facility contain covenants that restrict or limit our ability to:      

enter into a new line of business;        

enter into any agreement of merger or acquisition;        

sell, transfer, assign or convey assets;        

grant certain liens;        

incur or guarantee additional indebtedness;        

make certain loans, advances and investments;        

declare and pay dividends and distributions;        

enter into transactions with affiliates; and        

make voluntary payments or modifications of indebtedness.      In addition, our revolving credit
facility contains covenants requiring us to maintain certain financial ratios and tests. These restrictions may also limit our ability to obtain future financings. Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in our senior
notes and revolving credit facility agreement may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If market or other economic conditions continue to deteriorate, our ability to comply with
these covenants may be impaired. See  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources.   
 In addition, our debt obligations limit our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Our senior notes and revolving credit facility
obligations prohibit us from making such distributions if we are in default, including with regard to our revolving credit facility obligations as a result of our failure to maintain specified financial ratios. We cannot assure you that we will
maintain these specified ratios and satisfy these tests for distributing available cash from operating surplus.    If we violate any of the
restrictions, covenants, ratios or tests in our revolving credit facility agreement or senior notes indenture, the lenders will be able to accelerate the maturity of all borrowings thereunder, cause cross-default and demand repayment of amounts
outstanding, and our lenders  commitment to make further loans to us under the revolving credit facility may terminate. We might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. Any subsequent replacement of
our debt obligations or any new indebtedness could have similar or greater restrictions.      Our merchandise and perpetual care trust funds own
investments in equity securities, fixed income securities, and mutual funds, which are affected by financial market conditions that are beyond our control.    
 Pursuant to state law, a portion of the proceeds from pre-need sales of merchandise and services is put into a merchandise trust until such
time that the Partnership meets the requirements for releasing trust principal, which is generally delivery of merchandise or performance of services. All investment earnings generated by the assets in the merchandise trusts, including realized
gains and losses, generally are deferred until the associated merchandise is delivered or the services are performed.    Also, pursuant to
state law, a portion of the proceeds from the sale of cemetery property is required to be paid into perpetual care trusts. The perpetual care trust principal does not belong to the Partnership and must remain in this trust into perpetuity while
interest and dividends may be released and used to defray cemetery maintenance costs.    Our returns on these investments are affected by
financial market conditions that are beyond our control. If the investments in our trust funds experience significant declines, there could be insufficient funds in the trusts to cover the costs of delivering services and merchandise or
maintaining cemeteries in the future. We may be required to cover any such shortfall with cash flows from operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. For more information
related to our trust investments, refer to our consolidated financial statements in  Item 8,  of this Form 10-K/A.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

  If the fair market value of these trusts, plus any other amount due to us upon delivery of the
associated contracts, were to decline below the estimated costs to deliver the underlying products and services, we would record a charge to earnings to record a liability for the expected losses on the delivery of the associated contracts. 
   We may be required to replenish our funeral and cemetery trust funds in order to meet minimum funding requirements, which would have a negative effect
on our earnings and cash flow.      In certain states, we have withdrawn allowable distributable earnings including gains prior to the
maturity or cancellation of the related contract. Additionally, some states have laws that either require replenishment of investment losses under certain circumstances or impose various restrictions on withdrawals of future earnings when trust fund
values drop below certain prescribed amounts. In the event of realized losses or market declines, we may be required to deposit portions or all of these amounts into the respective trusts in some future period.  
   Any reductions in the principal or the earnings of the investments held in merchandise and perpetual care trusts could adversely affect our revenues and
cash flow     .            A substantial portion of our revenue is generated from investment returns that we
realize from merchandise and perpetual care trusts. Unstable economic conditions have, at times, caused us to experience declines in the fair value of the assets held in these trusts. Future cash flows could be negatively impacted if we are forced
to liquidate assets that are in impaired positions.   We invest primarily for current income. We rely on the interest and dividends paid by
the assets in our trusts to provide both revenue and cash flow. Interest income from fixed-income securities is particularly susceptible to changes in interest rates and declines in credit worthiness while dividends from equity securities are
susceptible to the issuer s ability to make such payments.    Any decline in the interest rate environment or the credit worthiness of
our debt issuers or any suspension or reduction of dividends could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
 In addition, any significant or sustained unrealized investment losses could result in merchandise trusts having insufficient funds to cover
our cost of delivering products and services. In this scenario, we would be required to use our operating cash to deliver those products and perform those services, which could decrease our cash available for distribution.  
   Pre-need sales typically generate low or negative cash flow in the periods immediately following sales, which could adversely affect our ability to make
distributions to our unitholders.      When we sell cemetery merchandise and services on a pre-need basis, we pay commissions on the
sale to our salespeople and are required by state law to deposit a portion of the sales proceeds into a merchandise trust. In addition, most of our customers finance their pre-need purchases under installment contracts payable over a number of
years. Depending on the trusting requirements of the states in which we operate, the applicable sales commission rates and the amount of the down payment, our cash flow from sales to customers through installment contracts is typically negative
until we have collected the related receivable or until we purchase the products or perform the services and are permitted to withdraw funds we have deposited in the merchandise trust. To the extent we increase pre-need sales, state trusting
requirements are increased and we delay the performance of the services we sell on a pre-need basis, our cash flow immediately following pre-need sales may be further reduced, and our ability to make distributions to our unitholders could be
adversely affected.      The cemetery and funeral home industry continues to be competitive.    
 We face competition in all of our markets. Most of our competitors are independent operations. Our ability to compete successfully depends on
our management s forward vision, timely responses to changes in the business environment, our cemeteries and funeral homes  ability to maintain a good reputation and high professional standards as well as offer products and services at
competitive prices. We have historically experienced price competition from independent cemetery and funeral home operators. If we are unable to compete successfully, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially
adversely affected.      Because fixed costs are inherent in our business, a decrease in our revenues can have a disproportionate effect on our cash
flow and profits.      Our business requires us to incur many of the costs of operating and maintaining facilities, land and equipment
regardless of the level of sales in any given period. For example, we must pay salaries, utilities, property taxes and maintenance costs on our cemetery properties and funeral homes regardless of the number of interments or funeral services we
perform. If we cannot decrease these costs significantly or rapidly when we experience declines in sales, declines in sales can cause our margins, profits and cash flow to decline at a greater rate than the decline in our revenues.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

    Our failure to attract and retain qualified sales personnel and management could have an adverse effect on
our business and financial condition.      Our ability to attract and retain a qualified sales force and other personnel is an
important factor in achieving future success. Buying cemetery and funeral home products and services, especially at-need products and services, is very emotional for most customers, so our sales force must be particularly sensitive to our
customers  needs. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in our efforts to attract and retain a skilled sales force. If we are unable to maintain a qualified and productive sales force, our revenues may decline and our cash available
for distribution may decrease.    Our success also depends upon the services and capabilities of our management team. Management establishes
the  tone at the top  by which an environment of ethical values, operating style and management philosophy is fostered. The inability of our senior management team to maintain a proper  tone at the top  or the loss of services of
one or more members of senior management as well as the inability to attract qualified managers or other personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not be able to locate or
employ on acceptable terms qualified replacements for senior management or key employees if their services were no longer available. We do not maintain key employee insurance on any of our executive officers.  
   We may not be able to identify, complete, fund or successfully integrate our acquisitions, which could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations.      A primary component of our business strategy is to grow through acquisitions of cemeteries and funeral homes. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to identify and acquire cemeteries or funeral homes on terms favorable to us or at all. We may face competition from other death care companies in making acquisitions. Historically, we have funded a significant
portion of our acquisitions through borrowings. Our ability to make acquisitions in the future may be limited by our inability to secure adequate financing, restrictions under our existing or future debt agreements, competition from third parties or
a lack of suitable properties. As of December 31, 2015, we had $30.5 million of total available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility provides for both acquisition draws, which are used primarily
to finance acquisitions and acquisition related costs and working capital draws, which are used to finance all other corporate costs. As of December 31, 2015, we had $105.0 million of working capital draws, which are limited to a borrowing
formula of 85% of eligible account receivables. This limit was $139.0 million at December 31, 2015.        In
addition, if we complete acquisitions, we may encounter various associated risks, including the possible inability to integrate an acquired business into our operations, diversion of management s attention and unanticipated problems or
liabilities, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. Also, when we acquire cemeteries that do not have an existing pre-need sales program or a significant amount of pre-need products and
services that have been sold but not yet purchased or performed, the operation of the cemetery and implementation of a pre-need sales program after acquisition may require significant amounts of working capital. This may make it more difficult for
us to make acquisitions.      If we are not able to respond effectively to changing consumer preferences, our market share, revenues and profitability
could decrease.      Future market share, revenues and profits will depend in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond
to changing consumer preferences. In past years, we have implemented new product and service strategies based on results of customer surveys that we conduct on a continuous basis. However, we may not correctly anticipate or identify trends in
consumer preferences, or we may identify them later than our competitors do. In addition, any strategies we may implement to address these trends may prove incorrect or ineffective.  
   If the trend toward cremation in the United States continues, our revenues may decline which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
condition.      We and other death care companies that focus on traditional methods of interment face competition from the increasing
number of cremations in the United States. Industry studies indicate that the percentage of cremations has steadily increased and that cremations are performed for approximately 45% of the deaths in the United States. This percentage is expected to
increase to approximately 56% in 2025. Because the products and services associated with cremations, such as niches and urns, produce lower revenues than the products and services associated with traditional interments, a continuing trend toward
cremations may reduce our revenues.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

    Declines in the number of deaths in our markets can cause a decrease in revenues.    
 Declines in the number of deaths could cause at-need sales of cemetery and funeral home merchandise and services to decline and could cause a
decline in the number of pre-need sales, both of which could decrease revenues. Changes in the number of deaths can vary among local markets and from quarter to quarter, and variations in the number of deaths in our markets or from quarter to
quarter are not predictable. However, generally, the number of deaths fluctuates with the seasons with more deaths occurring during the winter months primarily resulting from pneumonia and influenza. These variations can cause revenues to fluctuate.
     We rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any
cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively.      Our ability to manage and maintain our
internal reports effectively and integration of new business acquisitions depends significantly on our enterprise resource planning system and other information systems. Some of our information technology systems may experience interruptions, delays
or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with ongoing systems implementation work. Cybersecurity attacks in particular are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data
and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, misappropriation of our confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. The failure of our systems to operate effectively or to integrate with
other systems, or a breach in security or other unauthorized access of these systems, may also result in reduced efficiency of our operations and could require significant capital investments to remediate any such failure, problem or breach and to
comply with applicable regulations, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.    Our
business is subject to existing federal and state laws and regulations governing data privacy, security and cybersecurity in the United States. These regulations include privacy and security rules regarding employee-related and third-party
information when a data breach results in the release of personally identifiable information, as well as those rules imposed by the banking and payment card industries to protect against identity theft and fraud in connection with the collection of
payments from customers. Incidents in which we fail to protect our customers  information against security breaches could result in monetary damages against us and could otherwise damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely
impact our results of operations. If we fail to protect our own information, including information about our employees, we could experience significant costs and expenses as well as damage to our reputation.  
   The financial condition of third-party insurance companies that fund our pre-need funeral contracts may impact our financial condition, results of
operations, or cash flows.      Where permitted, customers may arrange their pre-need funeral contract by purchasing a life insurance
or annuity policy from third-party insurance companies. The customer/policy holder assigns the policy benefits to our funeral home to pay for the pre-need funeral contract at the time of need. For preneed funeral contracts funded through life
insurance contracts, we receive commission from third-party insurance companies. Additionally, there is an increasing death benefit associated with the contract that may vary over the contract life. There is no guarantee that the increasing death
benefit will cover future increases in the cost of providing a funeral service. If the financial condition of the third-party insurance companies were to deteriorate materially because of market conditions or otherwise, there could be an adverse
effect on our ability to collect all or part of the proceeds of the life insurance or annuity policy, including the annual increase in the death benefit. Failure to collect such proceeds could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations, or cash flows.     REGULATORY AND LEGAL RISKS   
 Our operations are subject to regulation, supervision and licensing under numerous federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations,
including extensive regulations concerning trusts/escrows, pre-need sales, cemetery ownership, funeral home ownership, marketing practices, crematories, environmental matters and various other aspects of our business.  
   If state laws or interpretations of existing state laws change or if new laws are enacted, we may be required to increase trust/escrow deposits or to
alter the timing of withdrawals from trusts/escrows, which may have a negative impact on our revenues and cash flow.      We are
required by most state laws to deposit specified percentages of the proceeds from our pre-need and at-need sales of interment rights into perpetual care trusts and generally proceeds from our pre-need sales of cemetery and funeral home products and
services into merchandise trusts/escrows. These laws also determine when we are allowed to withdraw funds from those trusts/escrows. If those laws or the interpretations of those laws change or if new laws are enacted, we may be required to deposit
more of the sales proceeds we receive from our sales into the trusts/escrows or to defer withdrawals from the trusts/escrows, thereby decreasing our cash flow until we are permitted to withdraw the deposited amounts. This could also reduce our cash
available for distribution.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

    If state laws or their interpretations change, or new laws are enacted relating to the ownership of
cemeteries and funeral homes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.      Some states
require cemeteries to be organized in the nonprofit form but permit those nonprofit entities to contract with for-profit companies for management services. If state laws change or new laws are enacted that prohibit us from managing cemeteries in
those states, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Some state laws restrict ownership of funeral homes to licensed funeral directors. If state laws change or new laws are enacted that prohibit
us from managing funeral homes in those instances, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.      We
are subject to legal restrictions on our marketing practices that could reduce the volume of our sales, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition.    
 The enactment or amendment of legislation or regulations relating to marketing activities may make it more difficult for us to sell our
products and services. For example, the federal  do not call  legislation has adversely affected our ability to market our products and services using telephone solicitation by limiting whom we may call and increasing our costs of
compliance. As a result, we rely heavily on direct mail marketing and telephone follow-up with existing contacts. Additional laws or regulations limiting our ability to market through direct mail, over the telephone, through Internet and e-mail
advertising or door-to-door may make it difficult to identify potential customers, which could increase our costs of marketing. Both increases in marketing costs and restrictions on our ability to market effectively could reduce our revenues and
could have an adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition, as well as our ability to make cash distributions to you.      We are
subject to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations that may adversely affect our operating results.      Our cemetery
and funeral home operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. We may become subject to liability for the removal of hazardous substances and solid waste under CERCLA and other
federal and state laws. Under CERCLA and similar state laws, strict, joint and several liability may be imposed on various parties, regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal activity. Our funeral home, cemetery and crematory
operations include the use of some materials that may meet the definition of  hazardous substances  under CERCLA or state laws and thus may give rise to liability if released to the environment through a spill or release. We cannot assure
you that we will not face liability under CERCLA or state laws for any environmental conditions at our facilities, and we cannot assure you that these liabilities will not be material. Our cemetery and funeral home operations are subject to
regulation of underground and above ground storage tanks and laws managing the disposal of solid waste. If new requirements under local, state or federal laws were to be adopted, and were more stringent than existing requirements, new permits or
capital expenditures may be required.    Our funeral home operations are generally subject to federal and state laws and regulations
regarding the disposal of medical waste, and are also subject to regulation by federal, state or local authorities under the EPCRA. We are required by EPCRA to maintain and report to the regulatory authorities, if applicable thresholds are met, a
list of any hazardous chemicals and extremely hazardous substances, which are stored or used at our facilities.    Our crematory operations
may be subject to regulation under the federal Clean Air Act and any analogous state laws. If new regulations applicable to our crematory operations were to be adopted, they could require permits or capital expenditures that could increase our costs
of operation and compliance. We are also subject to the Clean Water Act and corresponding state laws, as well as local requirements applicable to the treatment of sanitary and industrial wastewaters. Many of our funeral homes discharge their
wastewaters into Publicly Operated Treatment Works, or POTWs, and may be subject to applicable limits as to contaminants that may be included in the discharge of their wastewater. Our cemeteries typically discharge their wastewaters from sanitary
use and maintenance operations conducted onsite into septic systems, which are regulated under state and local laws. If there are violations of applicable local, state or federal laws pertaining to our discharges of wastewaters, we may be subject to
penalties as well as an obligation to conduct required remediation.      Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and
damage our reputation.      From time to time, we are party to various claims and legal proceedings, including, but not limited to,
employment, cemetery or burial practices, and other litigation. We are subject to class or collective actions under the wage and hours provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act, including, but not limited to, national and state class or collective
actions, or putative class or collective actions. Generally, plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts, which may be indeterminable for some period of time although potentially large. Adverse outcomes in the pending
cases may result in monetary damages or injunctive relief against us, as litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties. For each of our outstanding legal matters, we evaluate the merits of the case, our exposure to the matter,
possible legal or settlement strategies, and the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. We base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from
assessments and estimates. Costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost of actual settlements, judgments  
      9  

Table of Contents  

or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. We hold insurance policies that may reduce cash outflows with respect to an
adverse outcome of certain litigation matters, but exclude certain claims, such as claims arising under the Fair Labor Standards Act. To the extent that our management will be required to participate in or otherwise devote substantial amounts of
time to the defense of these matters, such activities would result in the diversion of our management resources from our business operations and the implementation of our business strategy, which may negatively impact our financial position and
results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations.  
  RISK FACTORS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN US       Our
general partner and its affiliates have conflicts of interest and limited fiduciary duties, which may permit them to favor their own interests to your detriment.    
 GP Holdings, as the sole member of our general partner, owns all of the Class A units of our general partner. Conflicts of interest may arise
between GP Holdings and its affiliates, including our general partner, on the one hand, and us and our unitholders, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its
affiliates over the interests of the unitholders. These conflicts include, among others, the following situations:      

The board of directors of our general partner is elected by GP Holdings, except that Messrs. Miller and Shane acting collectively have the right to designate one director who will be Lawrence R. Miller so long as he
serves as the Chief Executive Officer of StoneMor GP or desires to serve as a director of StoneMor GP and thereafter will be William R. Shane. Although our general partner has a fiduciary duty to manage us in good faith, the directors of our general
partner also have a fiduciary duty to manage our general partner in a manner beneficial to GP Holdings, as the sole member of our general partner. By purchasing common units, unitholders will be deemed to have consented to some actions and conflicts
of interest that might otherwise constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable law.        

Our partnership agreement limits the liability of our general partner, reduces its fiduciary duties and restricts the remedies available to unitholders for actions that might, without the limitations, constitute
breaches of fiduciary duty.        

Our general partner determines the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, capital expenditures, borrowings, issuances of additional limited partner interests and reserves, each of which can affect the amount of
cash that is distributed to unitholders.        

Our partnership agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities
on our behalf.        

Our general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by our general partner and its affiliates.        

In some instances, our general partner may cause us to borrow funds or sell assets outside of the ordinary course of business in order to permit the payment of distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the
borrowing is to make distributions in respect of incentive distribution rights.        Holders of our common units have limited voting
rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors, which could reduce the price at which the common units will trade.    
 Unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability to influence management s
decisions regarding our business. Unitholders did not select our general partner or elect the board of directors of our general partner and will have no right to select our general partner or elect its board of directors in the future. We are not
required to have a majority of independent directors on our board. The board of directors of our general partner, including the independent directors, is not chosen by our unitholders. GP Holdings, as the sole member of StoneMor GP, is entitled to
elect all directors of StoneMor GP, except that Messrs. Miller and Shane acting collectively have the right to designate one director. As a result of these limitations, the price at which the common units will trade could be diminished because of
the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price.           Our partnership agreement restricts the voting
rights of unitholders owning 20% or more of our common units.      Unitholders  voting rights are further restricted by the
partnership agreement provision providing that any units held by a person that owns 20% or more of any class of units then outstanding, other than the general partner, its affiliates, their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the
prior approval of the board of directors of our general partner, cannot be voted on any matter. In addition, the partnership agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our
operations, as well as other provisions limiting the unitholders  ability to influence the manner or direction of management.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

    Our general partner can transfer its ownership interest in us without unitholder consent under certain
circumstances, and the control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent.      Our general
partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all of its assets without the consent of the unitholders. Furthermore, there is no restriction in the partnership agreement on the
ability of the owners of our general partner to transfer their ownership interest in the general partner to a third party. The new owner of our general partner would then be in a position to replace the board of directors and officers of the general
partner with its own choices and thereby influence the decisions taken by the board of directors and officers.      We may issue additional common units
without your approval, which would dilute your existing ownership interests.      We may issue an unlimited number of limited partner
interests of any type without the approval of the unitholders.    The issuance of additional common units or other equity securities of
equal or senior rank will have the following effects:      

your proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease;        

the amount of cash available for distribution on each unit may decrease;        

the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding unit may be diminished;        

the market price of the common units may decline; and        

the ratio of taxable income to distributions may increase.        Cost reimbursements due to our general
partner may be substantial and will reduce the cash available for distribution to you.      Prior to making any distribution on the
common units, we will reimburse our general partner and its affiliates for all expenses they incur on our behalf. The reimbursement of expenses could adversely affect our ability to pay cash distributions to you. Our general partner determines the
amount of these expenses. In addition, our general partner and its affiliates may provide us with other services for which we will be charged fees as determined by our general partner.  
   In establishing cash reserves, our general partner may reduce the amount of available cash for distribution to you.    
 Subject to the limitations on restricted payments contained in the indenture governing the 7.875% Senior Notes due 2021 and other indebtedness,
the master partnership distributes all of our  available cash  each quarter to its limited partners and general partner.  Available cash  is defined in the master limited partnership s partnership agreement, and it generally
means, for each fiscal quarter, all cash and cash equivalents on hand on the date of determination for that quarter less the amount of cash reserves established at the discretion of the general partner to:  

provide for the proper conduct of our business;        

comply with applicable law, the terms of any of our debt instruments or other agreements; or        

provide funds for distributions to its unitholders and general partner for any one or more of the next four calendar quarters.    
 These reserves will affect the amount of cash available for distribution to you.  
   Our general partner has a limited call right that may require you to sell your common units at an undesirable time or price.    
 If, at any time, our general partner and its affiliates own more than 80% of the common units, our general partner will have the right, but not
the obligation, which it may assign to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the remaining common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price not less than their then-current market price. As a result, you may
be required to sell your common units at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return on your investment. You may also incur a tax liability upon the sale of your common units.  
   You may be required to repay distributions that you have received from us.    
         Under certain circumstances, unitholders may have to repay amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them.
Under Section 17-607 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to you if the distribution would cause our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Delaware law provides that for a period
of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution, limited partners who received the distribution and who knew at the time of the distribution that it violated Delaware law will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution
amount. Assignees who become substituted limited partners are liable for the obligations of the assignor to make contributions to the partnership. However, assignees are not liable for obligations unknown to the assignee at the time the assignee
became a limited partner if the liabilities could not be determined from the partnership agreement. Liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interest and liabilities that are non-recourse to the partnership are not counted for
purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

    We have restated our prior consolidated financial statements, which may lead to additional risks and
uncertainties, including loss of investor confidence and negative impacts on our stock price.      As discussed in the Explanatory Note
and Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K/A, we have restated our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for each of the three years ended December 31, 2015
(the  Restated Periods ). The determination to restate the financial statements for the Restated Periods was agreed to by our Audit Committee upon management s recommendation following the identification of errors noted in Note 2 to
our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K/A. Due to the errors, management and our Audit Committee concluded that our previously issued financial statements for the Restated Periods should no longer be relied upon.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 has been amended to reflect the restatement of our financial statements for the Restated Periods (the  Restatement ).  
 As a result of these events, we have become subject to a number of additional costs and risks, including unanticipated costs for accounting
and legal fees in connection with or related to the Restatement and the remediation of our ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. In addition, the attention of our
management team has been diverted by these efforts. We could be subject to additional stockholder, governmental, or other actions in connection with the Restatement or other matters. Any such proceedings will, regardless of the outcome, consume a
significant amount of management s time and attention and may result in additional legal, accounting, insurance and other costs. If we do not prevail in any such proceedings, we could be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs.
In addition, the Restatement and related matters could impair our reputation or could cause our counterparties to lose confidence in us. Each of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and unit price.      We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and determined that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective which could, if not remediated, result in additional material misstatements in our financial statements.    
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over our
financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 13a-15(f)), respectively, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As disclosed in Item 9A of this Form 10-K/A, management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting and determined our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2015. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of the material weaknesses identified in Item 9A of this Form
10-K/A, our management concluded that we did not maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. This Form 10-K/A reflects the change in management s conclusion
regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 as well as an adverse opinion of our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting, as discussed in Item 9A of this  Form 10-K/A.   
 We are in the process of developing and implementing the remediation plan to address the material weaknesses in internal control over
financial reporting and ineffective disclosure controls and procedures. We expect such remediation plans will be implemented and tested for effectiveness as of December 31, 2016. If our remedial measures are insufficient, or if additional material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls occur in the future, we could be required to restate our financial results, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition,
restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require us to expend significant resources to correct the weaknesses or deficiencies, harm our reputation or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence.  
  TAX RISKS TO COMMON UNITHOLDERS       Our tax treatment
depends on our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes as well as our not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation by individual states. If the IRS were to treat us as a corporation for federal income tax purposes
or we were to become subject to additional amounts of entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, it would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to you and payments on our debt obligation.    
 The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our common units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for
federal income tax purposes.    Despite the fact that we are organized as a limited partnership under Delaware law, we would be treated as a
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless we satisfy a  qualifying income  requirement. Based upon our current operations, we believe we satisfy the qualifying income requirement. However, no ruling has been or will be
requested regarding our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes
or otherwise subject us to taxation as an entity.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay federal
income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 35%, and would likely be liable for state income tax at varying rates. If we were required to pay tax on our taxable income, it would result in a material
reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to the unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our common units. Moreover, treatment of us as a corporation could materially and adversely affect our ability to
make payments on our debt obligations.    At the state level, because of widespread state budget deficits and other reasons, several states
are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise and other forms of taxation. Imposition of such a tax on us by any state will reduce the cash available for distribution to you
and payments on our debt obligations.      The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our units could be subject to potential
legislative, judicial or administrative changes or differing interpretations, possibly applied on a retroactive basis.      The present
U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an investment in our common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial changes or differing interpretations at any time. For example, from time
to time, members of Congress and the President propose and consider substantive changes to the existing U.S. federal income tax laws that affect publicly traded partnerships, including the elimination of the exception upon which we rely for our
treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We are unable to predict whether any of these changes or other proposals will be reintroduced or will ultimately be enacted. Any such changes could negatively impact the value of an
investment in our common units. Any modification to U.S. federal income tax laws may be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for us to meet the qualifying income requirement to be treated as a partnership for U.S.
federal income tax purposes.      We have subsidiaries that will be treated as corporations for federal income tax purposes and subject to
corporate-level income taxes.      Some of our operations are conducted through subsidiaries that are organized as C corporations.
Accordingly, these corporate subsidiaries are subject to corporate-level tax, which reduces the cash available for distribution to our partnership and, in turn, to you. If the IRS were to successfully assert that these corporations have more tax
liability than we anticipate or legislation was enacted that increased the corporate tax rate, the cash available for distribution could be further reduced.  
   Audit adjustments to the taxable income of our corporate subsidiaries for prior taxable years may reduce the net operating loss carryforwards of such
subsidiaries and thereby increase their tax liabilities for future taxable periods.      Our business was conducted by an affiliated
group of corporations during periods prior to the completion of our initial public offering and, since the initial public offering, continues to be conducted in part by corporate subsidiaries. The amount of cash distributions we receive from our
corporate subsidiaries over the next several years will depend in part upon the amount of net operating losses available to those subsidiaries to reduce the amount of income subject to federal income tax they would otherwise pay. These net operating
losses will begin to expire in 2017. The amount of net operating losses available to reduce the income tax liability of our corporate subsidiaries in future taxable years could be reduced as a result of audit adjustments with respect to prior
taxable years. Notwithstanding any limited indemnification rights we may have, any increase in the tax liabilities of our corporate subsidiaries because of a reduction in net operating losses will reduce our cash available for distribution.  
   Changes in the ownership of our units may result in annual limitations on our corporate subsidiaries  ability to use their net operating loss
carryforwards, which could increase their tax liabilities and decrease cash available for distribution in future taxable periods.    
 Our corporate subsidiaries  ability to use their net operating loss carryforwards may be limited if changes in the ownership of our units
causes our corporate subsidiaries to undergo an  ownership change  under applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. In general, an ownership change will occur if the percentage of our units, based on the value of the units, owned
by certain unitholders or groups of unitholders increases by more than fifty percentage points during a running three-year period. Recent changes in our ownership may result in an  ownership change.  A future ownership change may result
from issuances of our units, sales or other dispositions of our units by certain significant unitholders, certain acquisitions of our units, and issuances, sales or other dispositions or acquisitions of interests in significant unitholders, and we
will have little to no control over any such events. To the extent that an annual net operating loss limitation for any one year does restrict the ability of our corporate subsidiaries to use their net operating loss carryforwards, an increase in
tax liabilities of our corporate subsidiaries could result, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to you.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

    If the IRS contests the federal income tax positions we take, the market for our common units may be
adversely impacted, and the cost of any IRS contest will reduce our cash available for distribution to you. Recently enacted legislation alters the procedures for assessing and collecting taxes due for taxable years beginning after December 31,
2017, in a manner that could substantially reduce cash available for distribution to you.      We have not requested a ruling from the
IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or any other matter affecting us. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court
proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our common units and the price at which they
trade. In addition, our costs of any contest with the IRS will be borne indirectly by our unitholders and our general partner because the costs will reduce our cash available for distribution.  
 Recently enacted legislation applicable to us for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 alters the procedures for auditing large
partnerships and also alters the procedures for assessing and collecting taxes due (including applicable penalties and interest) as a result of an audit. Unless we are eligible to (and choose to) elect to issue revised Schedules K-1 to our partners
with respect to an audited and adjusted return, the IRS may assess and collect taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly from us in the year in which the audit is completed under the new rules. If we are required to pay taxes,
penalties and interest as the result of audit adjustments, cash available for distribution to our unitholders may be substantially reduced. In addition, because payment would be due for the taxable year in which the audit is completed, unitholders
during that taxable year would bear the expense of the adjustment even if they were not unitholders during the audited taxable year.      You may be
required to pay taxes on income from us even if you do not receive any cash distributions from us.      Because you will be treated as
a partner to whom we will allocate taxable income that could be different in amount than the cash we distribute, you may be required to pay federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local income taxes on your share of our taxable income
even if you receive no cash distributions from us. You may not receive cash distributions from us equal to your share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability resulting from that income.  
   Tax gain or loss on disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected.    
 If you sell your common units, you will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between your amount realized and your tax basis in
those common units. Because distributions in excess of your allocable share of our total net taxable income decrease your tax basis in your common units, the amount, if any, of such prior excess distributions with respect to the units you sell will,
in effect, become taxable income to you if you sell such units at a price greater than your tax basis in those units, even if the price you receive is less than your original cost. In addition, because the amount realized includes a
unitholder s share of our nonrecourse liabilities, if you sell your units, you may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash you receive from the sale.  
 A substantial portion of the amount realized from the sale of your common units, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary
income due to potential recapture items, including depreciation recapture. Thus, you may recognize both ordinary income and capital loss from the sale of your units if the amount realized on the sale of your units is less than your adjusted basis in
the units. Net capital loss may only offset capital gains and, in the case of individuals, up to $3,000 of ordinary income per year. In the taxable period in which you sell your units, you may recognize ordinary income from our allocation of income
and gain to you prior to the sale and from recapture items that generally cannot be offset by any capital loss recognized upon the sale of units.  
   Tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them.
     Investment in common units by tax-exempt entities, such as employee benefit plans individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs)
and non-U.S. persons raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to organizations that are exempt from federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and
will be taxable to them. Distributions to non-U.S. persons will be reduced by withholding taxes at the highest applicable effective tax rate, and non-U.S. persons will be required to file United States federal tax returns and pay tax on their share
of our taxable income. If you are a tax-exempt entity or a non-U.S. person, you should consult your tax advisor before investing in our common units.  
   We treat each purchaser of common units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the actual common units purchased. The IRS may challenge this
treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the common units.      Due to a number of factors, including our inability to
match transferors and transferees of common units, we take depreciation and amortization positions that may not conform to all aspects of the existing Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the
amount of tax benefits available to you. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from the sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to
your tax returns.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

    We have adopted certain valuation methodologies in determining a unitholder s allocations of income,
gain, loss and deduction. The IRS may challenge these methodologies or the resulting allocations, which could adversely affect the value of our common units.    
 In determining the items of income, gain, loss and deduction allocable to our unitholders, we must routinely determine the fair market value of
our assets. Although we may, from time to time, consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, we make many fair market value estimates using a methodology based on the market value of our common units as a means to measure the
fair market value of our assets. The IRS may challenge these valuation methods and the resulting allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction.  
 A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the timing or amount of taxable income or loss being
allocated to our unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain from our unitholders  sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of the common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders  tax
returns without the benefit of additional deductions.      The sale or exchange of 50% or more of our capital and profits interests during any
twelve-month period will result in the termination of our partnership for federal income tax purposes.      We will be considered to
have terminated our partnership for federal income tax purposes if there is a sale or exchange of 50% or more of the total interests in our capital and profits within a twelve-month period. For purposes of determining whether the 50% threshold has
been met, multiple sales of the same interest will be counted only once. Our termination would, among other things, result in the closing of our taxable year for all unitholders which would result in our filing two tax returns for one fiscal year
and could result in a deferral of depreciation deductions allowable in computing our taxable income. In the case of a unitholder reporting on a taxable year other than a calendar year, the closing of our taxable year may result in more than twelve
months of our taxable income or loss being includable in his taxable income for the year of termination. Our termination currently would not affect our classification as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, but instead, we would be treated
as a new partnership for tax purposes. If treated as a new partnership, we must make new tax elections and could be subject to penalties if we are unable to determine that a termination occurred. The IRS has recently announced a relief procedure
whereby if a publicly traded partnership that has technically terminated requests and the IRS grants special relief, among other things, the partnership will be required to provide only a single Schedule K-1 to unitholders for the tax years in which
the termination occurs.      A unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan (e.g., a loan to a  short seller  to cover a short
sale of units) may be considered as having disposed of those units. If so, the unitholder would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the
disposition.      Because there are no specific rules governing the U.S. federal income tax consequence of loaning a partnership
interest, a unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan may be considered as having disposed of the loaned units. In that case, you may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period
of the loan to the short seller and the unitholder may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan to the short seller, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those units may not be
reportable by the unitholder and any cash distributions received by the unitholder as to those units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a
loan to a short seller are urged to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their units.      We
prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is
transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders     .         
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership
of our units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. Nonetheless, we allocate certain deductions for depreciation of capital additions based upon the date the underlying property is put
in service. The U.S. Department of the Treasury recently adopted final Treasury Regulations allowing a similar monthly simplifying convention for taxable years beginning on or after August 3, 2015. However, such regulations do not specifically
authorize the use of the proration method we have previously adopted, and may not specifically authorize all aspects of our proration method thereafter. If the IRS were to challenge are proration method, we may be required to change the allocation
of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

    You will likely be subject to state and local taxes and filing requirements in jurisdictions where you do
not live as a result of an investment in units     .           In addition to federal income taxes, you will
likely be subject to other taxes, including state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property, even if you do not
live in any of those jurisdictions. You will likely be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these jurisdictions. Further, you may be subject to penalties for failure to comply
with those requirements. We own assets or conduct business in the majority of states and in Puerto Rico. Most of these various jurisdictions currently impose, or may in the future impose, an income tax on individuals, corporations and other
entities. As we make acquisitions or expand our business, we may own assets or do business in additional states that impose a personal income tax. It is your responsibility to file all United States federal, state and local tax returns.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

      PART II    

ITEM 6.  
  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (Revised)       As discussed in the Explanatory Note to this Form
10-K/A (the  Explanatory Note ) and Note 2,  Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements,  in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, the consolidated financial statements of
the Partnership as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 have been revised to give effect to the Restatement. Accordingly, the 2015 and 2014 selected consolidated financial data
presented in the table below has been revised to give effect to the Restatement, as derived from the Partnership s audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. In addition, certain of the accounting errors discussed in the
Explanatory Note and Note 2,  Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements,  in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, were determined by management to be material to the
Partnership s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, and for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2012. Accordingly, the 2013, 2012 and 2011 selected consolidated financial data presented
in the table below has also been revised to give effect to the material errors associated with the Restatement. In addition, as previously disclosed in the Original Filing, the 2013 and 2011 selected financial data presented in the table below has
been recast to retrospectively reflect adjustments made to our initial assessment of the net values of assets and liabilities acquired in acquisitions.  
 The following tables should be read in conjunction with  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  included in Item 7 and the Partnership s audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 The net impact of the material errors associated with the Restatement as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 was an increase of $6.7 million in total revenues, a decrease of $2.4 million in operating income, an
increase in net loss of $2.6 million, an increase of 18 cents in net loss per limited partner unit (basic and diluted), a decrease of $4.6 million in cemetery property, an increase of $11.0 million in total assets, an increase of $136.7 million in
deferred revenues, and a decrease of $4.2 million in total partners  capital. The Restatement adjustments affecting the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2012 are included in the Partnership s net loss
from operations and are offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities. There were no adjustments related to cash provided by or used in investing and financing activities.    

(2) 
 The net impact of the material errors associated with the Restatement as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011 was an increase of $8.0 million in total revenues, a decrease of $0.4 million in operating income, an
increase in net loss of $0.2 million, an increase of 6 cents in net loss per limited partner unit (basic and diluted), a decrease of $2.3 million in cemetery property, an increase of $12.2 million in total assets, an increase of $138.6 million in
deferred revenues, and a decrease of $2.0 million in total partners  capital. The Restatement adjustments affecting the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2011 are included in the Partnership s net loss
from operations and are offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities. There were no adjustments related to cash provided by or used in investing and financing activities.    
      18  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Net of cancellations. Sales of double-depth burial lots are counted as two sales.    
      19  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 7.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (REVISED)     
 As discussed in the Explanatory Note to this Form 10-K/A and Note 2,  Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements, 
in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 to this Form 10-K/A, the consolidated financial statements of the Partnership as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2015 have been revised to give effect to the Restatement. Accordingly, the discussion and analysis below for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 has been revised to give effect to the Restatement. The revised discussion
and analysis presented below provides information to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations, and should be read in conjunction with the Partnership s selected consolidated financial data included in Item 6 and
the Partnership s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.    Certain statements contained in this Form 10-K/A, including,
but not limited to, information regarding our operating activities, the plans and objectives of our management, and assumptions regarding our future performance and plans are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K/A, the words
 believes,   anticipates,   expects  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on management s expectations and estimates. These statements
are neither promises nor guarantees and are made subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results stated or implied in this Form 10-K/A.  
  Our major risks are related to uncertainties associated with   the   cash flow from pre-need and at-need sales, trusts and
financings, which may impact our ability to meet our financial projections, service our debt, pay distributions, and increase our distributions, as well as with our ability to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting
and disclosure controls and procedures.     Our additional risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following:
uncertainties associated with future revenue and revenue growth; uncertainties associated with the integration or anticipated benefits of recent acquisitions or any future acquisitions; our ability to complete and fund additional acquisitions; the
effect of economic downturns; the impact of our significant leverage on our operating plans; the decline in the fair value of certain equity and debt securities held in trusts; our ability to attract, train and retain an adequate number of sales
people; uncertainties associated with the volume and timing of pre-need sales of cemetery services and products; increased use of cremation; changes in the death rate; changes in the political or regulatory environments, including potential changes
in tax accounting and trusting policies; our ability to successfully implement a strategic plan relating to achieving operating improvements, strong cash flows and further deleveraging; our ability to successfully compete in the cemetery and funeral
home industry; litigation or legal proceedings that could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation; the effects of cyber security attacks due to our significant reliance on information technology; uncertainties relating to the
financial condition of third-party insurance companies that fund our pre-need funeral contracts; and various other uncertainties associated with the death care industry and our operations in particular.  
 Our risks and uncertainties are more particularly described in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of the Original Filing and this Form 10-K/A.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K/A, which speak only as of the date the statements were made. Except as required by applicable laws, we undertake no obligation to update or
revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.     BUSINESS OVERVIEW   
 We are a publicly-traded Delaware master-limited partnership ( MLP ) and provider of funeral and cemetery products and services in
the death care industry in the United States. As of December 31, 2015, we operated 307 cemeteries in 27 states and Puerto Rico, of which 276 are owned and 31 are operated under lease, management or operating agreements. We also owned and operated
105 funeral homes in 19 states and Puerto Rico.     FINANCIAL PRESENTATION   
 Our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, and the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 include our accounts and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of operations. Actual balances and results could be different from those estimates. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated
in the consolidation of the financial statements.     RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   
   Acquisition Activity      During the
year ended December 31, 2015, we acquired three cemeteries in Illinois, one cemetery in Florida, three funeral homes in Illinois and four funeral homes in Florida for an aggregate purchase price of $19.7 million.  
   Public Offering of Common Units    
 On July 10, 2015, we completed a follow-on public offering of 2,415,000 common units at a public offering price of $29.63 per unit. Net
proceeds of the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $67.9 million. The proceeds were utilized to pay down outstanding borrowings under our credit facility.  
   ATM Equity Program      On November
19, 2015, we entered into an equity distribution agreement ( ATM Equity Program ) with a group of banks (the  Agents ) whereby we may sell, from time to time, common units representing limited partner interests having an
aggregate offering price of up to $100,000,000. Sales of common units, if any, may be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be  at-the-market  ( ATM ) offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the
Securities Act, including sales made directly on the New York Stock Exchange, the existing trading market for the common units, or sales made to or through the market maker other than on an exchange or through an electronic communications
network. We will pay each of the Agents a commission, which in each case shall not be more than 2.0% of the gross sales price of common units sold through such Agent. During the year ended December 31, 2015, we issued 277,667 common units
under the ATM program for net proceeds of $7.5 million.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
 On January 26, 2016, we announced a quarterly cash distribution of $0.66 per common unit pertaining to the results for the fourth
quarter of 2015. The distribution was paid on February 12, 2016 to common unit holders of record as of the close of business on February 5, 2016.  
 Subsequent to December 31, 2015, we issued 474,657 common units under our ATM Equity Program for net proceeds of approximately $12.4
million. No issuances occurred during February 2016.     REVENUE RECOGNITION   
   Cemetery Operations      Our cemetery
revenues are principally derived from sales of interment rights, merchandise and services. These sales occur both at the time of death, which we refer to as at-need, and prior to the time of death, which we refer to as pre-need. Pre-need
sales are typically sold on an installment plan. At-need cemetery sales and pre-need merchandise and services sales are recognized as revenue when the merchandise is delivered or the service is performed. For pre-need sales of interment
rights, we recognize the associated revenue when we have collected 10% of the sales price from the customer. We consider our cemetery merchandise delivered to our customer when it is either installed or ready to be installed and delivered to a
third-party storage facility until it is needed, with ownership transferred to the customer at that time. Pre-need sales that have not yet been recognized as revenue are recognized as deferred revenues, a liability on our consolidated balance
sheet. Direct costs associated with pre-need sales that are recognized as deferred revenues, such as sales commissions, are recognized as deferred selling and obtaining costs, an asset on our consolidated balance sheet, until the merchandise is
delivered or the services are performed.      Funeral Home Operations    
 Our funeral home revenues are principally derived from at-need and pre-need sales of merchandise and services. Pre-need sales are
typically sold on an installment plan. Both at-need and pre-need funeral home sales are recognized as revenue when the merchandise is delivered or the service is performed. Pre-need sales that have not yet been recognized as revenue are
recognized as deferred revenues, a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Direct costs associated with pre-need sales that are recognized as deferred revenues, such as sales commissions, are recognized as deferred selling and obtaining
costs, an asset on our consolidated balance sheet, until the merchandise is delivered or the services are performed. Our funeral home operations also include revenues related to the sale of term and final expense whole life insurance. As
an agent for these insurance sales, we earn and recognize commission-related revenue streams from the sales of these policies.      Trust Investment
Income      Sales of cemetery and funeral home merchandise and services are subject to state law. Under these laws, which vary by
state, a portion of the cash proceeds received from the sale of interment rights and pre-need sales of cemetery and funeral home merchandise and services are required to be deposited into trusts. For sales of interment rights, a portion of the
cash proceeds received are required to be deposited into a perpetual care trust. While the principal balance of the perpetual care trust must remain in the trust in perpetuity, we recognize investment income on such assets as revenue, excluding
realized gains and losses from the sale of trust assets. For sales of cemetery and funeral home merchandise and services, a portion of the cash proceeds received are required to be deposited into a merchandise trust until the merchandise is
delivered or the services are performed, at which time the funds deposited, along with the associated investment income, may be withdrawn. Investment income from assets held in the merchandise trust is recognized as revenues when
withdrawn. Amounts deposited into trusts are invested by third-party investment managers who are selected by the Trust Committee of the board of directors of our general partner. These investment managers are required to invest our trust funds
in accordance with applicable state law and internal investment guidelines adopted by the Trust Committee. Our investment managers are monitored by third-party investment advisors selected by the Trust Committee who advise the committee on the
determination of asset allocations, evaluate the investment managers and provide detailed monthly reports on the performance of each merchandise and perpetual care trust.  
  GENERAL TRENDS AND OUTLOOK     We expect our
business to be affected by key trends in the deathcare industry, based upon assumptions made by us and information currently available. Deathcare industry factors affecting our financial position and results of operations include, but are not
limited to, demographic trends in terms of population growth and average age, which impacts death rates and number of deaths, increasing cremation trends, and increasing memorialization trends. In addition, we are subject to fluctuations in the
fair value of equity and fixed-maturity debt securities held in our trusts. These values can be negatively impacted by contractions in the credit market and overall downturns in economic activity. Our ability to make payments on our debt
and our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders depends on our success at managing these industry trends. To the extent our underlying assumptions about or interpretations of available information prove to be incorrect, our actual
results may vary materially from our expected results.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 We have revised our segment reporting from prior presentations based on how we currently manage our operations and make business
decisions. We now have two distinct reportable segments, which are classified as Cemetery Operations and Funeral Homes, and are supported by corporate costs and expenses. 
   Cemetery Operations       Overview   
 We are currently the second largest owner and operator of cemeteries in the United States. As of December 31, 2015, we operated 307 cemeteries
in 27 states and Puerto Rico. We own 276 of these cemeteries and we manage or operate the remaining 31 under lease, operating or management agreements. Revenues from cemetery operations accounted for approximately 81.9% of our total revenues during
the year ended December 31, 2015.     Operating Results   
 The following table presents operating results for our cemetery operations for the respective reporting periods (in thousands):  
   
    Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2014   
 Cemetery merchandise revenues were $143.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $2.9 million from $145.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2014, primarily related to a decrease in recognized revenues from contracts assumed in acquisitions. Cemetery services revenues were $59.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $4.6 million from
$54.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily due to a $4.7 million increase in opening and closing service revenues, principally from the Archdiocese of Philadelphia properties we operate and other
acquisitions completed during calendar year 2014. Interest income was $8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $1.1 million from the year ended December 31, 2014, which was primarily due to a larger average accounts
receivable balance during calendar year 2015. Investment and other income was $50.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $3.9 million from $47.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was
primarily attributable to perpetual care trust income, which was $15.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, representing a $3.2 million increase from $12.7 million earned during the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in perpetual
care trust earnings is attributed to a combination of growth in invested capital throughout 2015 and favorable returns provided by income-producing securities. In addition, merchandise trust income was $13.2 million for the year ended December 31,
2015, an increase of $0.3 million from $12.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This change is primarily attributable to increases in overall contract servicing, because accumulated merchandise trust revenues are recognized in tandem with
the delivery of the underlying merchandise or performance of the underlying services. The remaining $0.4 million increase in investment and other income is attributed to changes in revenue derived from large land sales, document-processing fees and
other miscellaneous cemetery revenues.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  Cost of goods sold was $52.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $4.7
million from $47.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase consisted principally of a land sale that occurred during 2015 that had a cost basis of $1.8 million, a $0.9 million increase in perpetual care trusting costs due to an
increase in burial right values, and changes in the value and mix of products and property rights sold.    Cemetery expenses were $71.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $6.6 million from $64.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was principally due to a $4.2 million increase in personnel costs, a $1.3 million increase in
repairs and maintenance expenses and $0.9 million increase in real estate tax expense. These increases were principally due to costs associated with properties acquired during the periods.  
 Selling expenses were $58.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $3.6 million from $55.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily due to a $2.9 million increase in commissions and personnel costs and a $0.4 million increase in advertising and marketing expenses.  
 General and administrative expenses were $36.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $1.3 million from $35.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was principally due to a $1.5 million increase in personnel costs and a $1.2 million increase in insurance costs, partially offset by a $1.6 million decrease in professional fees and legal
costs. The increases were primarily due to costs associated with properties acquired during the periods.    Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the
Year Ended December 31, 2013     Cemetery merchandise revenues were $145.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of
$27.0 million from $118.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was principally due to a significant increase in lot, vault, crypt, niche and marker revenues, primarily from the Archdiocese of Philadelphia properties and
other acquisitions completed during calendar year 2014. Cemetery service revenues were $54.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $8.2 million from $46.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase
was primarily due to a $6.7 million increase in opening and closing service revenues, principally from the properties acquired during calendar year 2014, and a $0.8 million increase in marker installation revenues. Investment and other income
was $47.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $8.7 million from $38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase was primarily due to a $4.0 million increase in large land sale revenues and a $3.1
million increase in trust income due to higher invested capital amounts in both of our trusts and increased income withdrawals from our merchandise trusts. The remaining $1.6 million increase in investment and other income is attributed to
changes in revenue derived from document-processing fees from higher contract volume and other miscellaneous cemetery revenues. Interest income was $7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a $0.7 million increase from $6.9 million for
the year ended December 31, 2013, which was primarily due to a larger average accounts receivable balance during calendar year 2014.   Cost
of goods sold was $47.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $8.8 million from $38.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase consisted principally of a $2.0 million increase in perpetual care trusting
costs due to an increase in burial right values and correlative increases in the cost of property and merchandise sold, including costs related to increased servicing of contracts assumed in recent acquisitions.  
 Cemetery expenses were $64.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $7.1 million, from $57.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 2013. This increase was principally due to a $1.7 million increase in repairs and maintenance expense, a $5.0 million increase in personnel costs and a $0.7 million increase in utility and fuel costs, partially offset by a
$0.3 million decrease in real estate tax expense. These increases were principally due to costs associated with properties acquired during the periods.  
 Selling expenses were $55.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $7.5 million from $47.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013. This increase was primarily due to a $4.9 million increase in commissions and personnel costs, a $2.4 million increase in advertising and telemarketing costs and a $0.2 million increase in travel expenses.  
 General and administrative expenses were $35.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $3.2 million, from $31.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was due to a $1.7 million increase in personnel costs and a $1.5 million increase in legal costs.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

    Funeral Home Operations    
  Overview     As of December 31, 2015, we
owned and operated 105 funeral homes. These properties are located in 19 states and Puerto Rico. Revenues from funeral home operations accounted for approximately 18.1% of our total revenues during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  Operating Results     The following table
presents operating results for our funeral home operations for the respective reporting periods (in thousands):      
    Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2014   
 Funeral home merchandise revenues were $26.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $5.6 million from $21.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 2014. Funeral home service revenues were $31.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a $3.4 million increase from $27.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. Both increases were due principally
to properties acquired during the periods.    Funeral home expenses were $47.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of
$7.7 million from $39.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase principally consists of a $2.5 million increase in personnel costs, a $2.6 million increase in costs associated with insurance-related sales, a $0.7 million
increase in facility costs, and a $0.3 million increase in merchandise costs. These increases were principally due to costs associated with properties acquired during the periods.  
  Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013   
 Funeral home merchandise revenues were $21.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $2.2 million from $18.9 million for
the year ended December 31, 2013. Funeral home service revenues were $27.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $1.6 million from $26.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Both increases were due
principally to properties acquired during the periods.    Funeral home expenses were $39.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an
increase of $4.0 million from $35.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase principally consisted of a $1.3 million increase in personnel expenses, a $1.1 million increase in merchandise costs and a $1.2 million increase in
facility costs.      Corporate Overhead       Year
Ended December 31, 2015 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2014     Corporate overhead expense was $38.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, an increase of $3.9 million from $34.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was due to a $1.0 million increase in acquisition-related costs, a $0.6 million increase in corporate advertising, a $0.5
million increase in personnel costs and a $0.4 million increase in non-cash compensation expense.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013   
 Corporate overhead expense was $34.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $4.8 million from $29.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013. This increase was principally due to a $3.0 million increase in professional fees, a $1.2 million increase in acquisition related costs, and a $0.5 million increase in information technology costs, partially offset with
a decrease of $0.5 million in personnel costs.      Depreciation and amortization    
  Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2014   
 Depreciation and amortization expense was $12.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $1.7 million from $11.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase was principally due to additional depreciation and amortization from assets acquired in our recent acquisitions and the lease and management agreements with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.
    Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013   
 Depreciation and amortization expense was $11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $1.6 million from $9.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was principally due to additional depreciation and amortization from assets acquired in our recent acquisitions and the lease and management agreements with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.  
   Other gains and losses       Year Ended December 31,
2015 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2014     For the year ended December 31, 2015, other gains and losses included a $1.5
million gain on acquisition, a $3.1 million loss on legal settlement, and a $0.3 million loss on impairment of long-lived assets. For the year ended December 31, 2014, other gains and losses included a $0.4 million gain on acquisition, a $0.9
million gain on settlement agreement, a $0.2 million gain on asset sales, a $0.2 million loss on early extinguishment of debt, and a $0.4 million loss on impairment of long-lived assets. The $3.1 million loss on legal settlement recognized
during calendar year 2015 pertained to the legal settlement of a Fair Labor Standards Act claim. The $0.9 million gain on settlement recognized during calendar year 2014, for which $12.3 million was also recognized during calendar year 2013 for
the same matter, was related to the settlement of claims associated with certain properties acquired in prior years.    Year Ended December 31, 2014
Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013     For the year ended December 31, 2014, other gains and losses included a $0.4 million
gain on acquisition, a $0.9 million gain on settlement agreement, a $0.2 million gain on asset sales, a $0.2 million loss on early extinguishment of debt, and a $0.4 million loss on impairment of long-lived assets. For the year ended December
31, 2013, other gains and losses included a $2.5 million gain on acquisition, a $12.3 million gain on settlement agreement, a $0.2 million gain on asset sales, and a $21.6 million loss on early extinguishment of debt. Each of the aforementioned
gains and losses are transaction specific and generally do not correlate to our operating performance. The loss on early extinguishment of debt recognized during calendar year 2013 pertained to our early repayment of $150.0 million of our
10.25% Senior Notes due 2017 and the incurrence of $14.9 million of tender premiums and the write-off of $6.7 million of unamortized fees and discounts related to these notes. 
   Interest expense       Year Ended December 31, 2015
Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2014     Interest expense was $22.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of
$1.0 million from $21.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was principally due to an increase in interest expense on amounts outstanding under the credit facility, which had higher average amounts outstanding during the
calendar year 2015 than the prior year.    Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013   
 Interest expense was $21.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $0.5 million from $21.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013. This increase was principally due to an increase in discount accretion expense related to the obligation for the lease and management agreements with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia and amortization of deferred finance fees
relating to our recent amendments to the revolving credit facility. This increase was partially offset by a reduction in interest expense related to our senior notes, which have a lower interest rate than the prior senior notes that were refinanced
in the second quarter of 2013. 
      25  

Table of Contents  

    Income tax benefit (expense)    
  Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2014   
 Income tax expense was $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to $4.1 million for the prior year. Our effective tax
rate differs from our statutory tax rate primarily because our legal entity structure includes different tax filing entities, including a significant number of partnerships that are not subject to paying tax.  
  Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013   
 We had an income tax expense of $4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to an income tax benefit of $3.5 million
during 2013. The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to revised estimates regarding the usage of our federal net operating loss carryforwards. Our effective tax rate differs from our statutory tax rate primarily because our legal entity
structure includes different tax filing entities, including a significant number of partnerships that are not subject to paying tax.     LIQUIDITY AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES       General    
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our primary cash
requirements, in addition to normal operating expenses, are for debt service, capital expenditures and cash distributions. In general, we expect to fund:      

cash distributions and maintenance capital expenditures through existing cash and cash flows from operating activities;        

expansion capital expenditures and working capital deficits through cash generated from operations and additional borrowings; and        

debt service obligations through additional borrowings or by the issuance of additional limited partner units or asset sales.    
 We rely on cash flow from operations, borrowings under our credit facility and the issuance of additional limited partner units to execute our
growth strategy and meet our financial commitments and other short-term financial needs. We cannot be certain that additional capital will be available to us to the extent required and on acceptable terms.  
 We believe that we will have sufficient liquid assets, cash from operations and borrowing capacity to meet our financial commitments, debt
service obligations, contingencies and anticipated capital expenditures for at least the next twelve-month period. However, we are subject to business, operational and other risks that could adversely affect our cash flow. We may
supplement our cash generation with proceeds from financing activities, including borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings, the issuance of additional limited partner units, and the sale of assets and other transactions.  
   Cash Flows - Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014    
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities were $4.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $15.4 million from
$19.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2014. The $15.4 million unfavorable movement in net cash provided by operating activities resulted from an $10.6 million unfavorable movement in net income excluding non-cash items and a $4.8
million unfavorable movement in working capital. The unfavorable movement in net income excluding non-cash items was due principally to the recognition of a $3.1 million loss on legal settlement during calendar year 2015 and the growth of our
partnership and certain expenses during calendar 2015, including general and administrative expenses and corporate overhead, although the majority of cemetery pre-need sales associated with that growth did not meet the delivery criteria for revenue
recognition. The unfavorable movement in working capital was due principally to increased contributions to trusts due to increases in pre-need sales between periods, partially offset by other movements in assets and liabilities due to timing
differences.    Net cash used in investing activities was $34.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $89.6 million
from $123.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2014. Net cash used for investing activities during calendar year 2015 consisted of $18.8 million for acquisitions and $15.3 million for capital expenditures. Net cash used for
investing activities during calendar year 2014 principally consisted of $56.4 million for acquisitions, $53.0 million of up-front rent for the transaction with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia and $14.6 million for capital expenditures.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  Net cash flows provided by financing activities were $34.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2015 compared with $102.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. Cash flows provided by financing activities during calendar year 2015 consisted primarily of $75.2 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common units and $37.3
million of net borrowings, partially offset by cash distributions to unit holders of $77.5 million. Cash flows provided by financing activities during calendar year 2014 consisted of $173.5 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common units,
partially offset by net repayments of long-term debt of $5.3 million, financing costs incurred of $3.0 million, and cash distributions to unit holders of $62.8 million. 
   Cash Flows - Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013    
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities were $19.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $15.6 million
compared with $35.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2013. The $15.6 million unfavorable movement in net cash provided by operating activities resulted from a $4.0 million unfavorable movement in net income excluding non-cash items
and an $11.6 million unfavorable movement in working capital. The unfavorable movement in net income excluding non-cash items was due principally to a $12.1 million gain on settlement agreement recognized during calendar year 2013, partially
offset by the growth of our partnership due to additional properties acquired during the periods. The unfavorable movement in working capital was due principally to movements in current assets and liabilities due to timing differences.  
 Net cash used in investing activities was $123.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $97.0 million compared with
$26.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2013. Cash flows used for investing activities during calendar year 2014 consisted principally of $56.4 million for acquisitions, $53.0 million of up-front rent for the transaction with the
Archdiocese of Philadelphia and $14.6 million for capital expenditures. Cash flows used for investing activities during calendar year 2013 consisted principally of $14.1 million for acquisitions and $12.8 million for capital expenditures.  
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities were $102.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2014, compared with $4.1 million net
cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2013. Cash flows provided by financing activities during calendar year 2014 consisted of $173.5 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common units, partially offset by net
repayments of long-term debt of $5.3 million, financing costs incurred of $3.0 million, and cash distributions to unit holders of $62.8 million. Cash flows provided by financing activities during calendar year 2013 consisted of $38.4 million of net
proceeds from the issuance of common units and $29.6 million net long-term borrowings, inclusive of the issuance of $175.0 million of Senior Notes to repay our existing $150.0 million of senior notes. These increases were partially offset by the
incurrence of $14.9 million of fees associated with the retirement of our existing senior notes, incurred financing costs of $5.1 million and cash distributions to unit holders of $52.1 million.  
   Capital Expenditures      Our capital
requirements consist primarily of:      

Expansion capital expenditures   we consider expansion capital expenditures to be capital expenditures that expand the capacity of our existing operations; and    

Maintenance capital expenditures   we consider maintenance capital expenditures to be any capital expenditures that are not expansion capital expenditures   generally, this will include expenditures to
maintain our facilities.     The following table summarizes maintenance and expansion capital expenditures, excluding amounts
paid for acquisitions, for the periods presented (in thousands):      
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

    Off Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual Obligations and Contingencies    
 We had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2015 or 2014.  
 We have assumed various financial obligations and commitments in the ordinary course of conducting our business. We have contractual
obligations related to debt maturities, interest on debt, operating lease agreements, and liabilities to fulfill obligations related to our pre-need sales contracts.  
 A summary of our total contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015 is presented in the table below (in thousands):  

(1) 
 Represents the interest payable and par value of debt due and does not include the unamortized debt discounts of $3.0 million at December 31, 2015. This table assumes that current amounts outstanding under our
Credit Facility are not repaid until the maturity date of December 2019, except for Acquisition Draws, which have scheduled repayments.    

(2) 
 Represents the aggregate future rent payments, with interest, due pertaining to the agreements with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, from 2025 through 2049, and does not include the unamortized discount. See
 Agreements with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia  in this  Item 7  of this Form 10-K.    

(3) 
 Total cannot be separated into periods because we are unable to anticipate when the merchandise and services will be delivered. This balance represents the revenues to be recognized from the total performance
obligations on customer contracts.        Issuance of Common Units    
 On July 10, 2015, we issued 2,415,000 common units in a public offering at a price of $29.63 per unit, yielding net proceeds, after deducting
underwriting discounts and offering expenses, of approximately $67.9 million. The proceeds were used to pay down outstanding indebtedness under our credit facility.  
 On November 19, 2015, we entered into an equity distribution agreement ( ATM Equity Program ) with a group of banks (the
 Agents ) whereby we may sell, from time to time, common units representing limited partner interests having an aggregate offering price of up to $100,000,000. Sales of common units, if any, may be made in negotiated transactions or
transactions that are deemed to be  at-the-market  ( ATM ) offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the New York Stock Exchange, the existing trading market for the common units, or
sales mad to or through the market maker other than on an exchange or through an electronic communications network. We will pay each of the Agents a commission, which in each case shall not be more than 2.0% of the gross sales price of common
units sold through such Agent. During the year ended December 31, 2015, we issued 277,667 common units under the ATM program for net proceeds of $7.5 million.  
   Long-Term Debt       Credit Facility   
 We are a party to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ), which provides for a single revolving
credit facility of $180.0 million (the  Credit Facility ) maturing on December 19, 2019. Additionally, the Credit Agreement provides for an uncommitted ability to increase the Credit Facility by an additional $70.0 million. Our
obligations under the Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our assets, excluding those held in trust. Borrowings under the Credit Facility are classified as either acquisition draws or working capital draws. Acquisition
draws may be utilized to finance permitted acquisitions, the purchase and construction of mausoleums and related costs or the net amount of merchandise trust deposits. Working capital draws may be utilized to finance working capital requirements,
capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. The amount of the Credit Facility that is available for working capital draws is subject to a borrowing formula equal to 85% of eligible accounts receivable, as defined within the Credit
Agreement. At December 31, 2015, the amount available under the Credit Facility for working capital advances under this limit was $139.0 million.  
 Each individual acquisition draw is subject to equal quarterly amortization of the principal amount, with annual principal payments comprised
of ten percent of the related advance amount, commencing on the second anniversary of such advance, with the remaining principal due on December 19, 2019, subject to certain mandatory prepayment requirements. Up to $10.0 million of the Credit
Facility may be in the form of standby letters of credit, of which there were none outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014. 
      28  

Table of Contents  

  Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest, at our election, at either an adjusted LIBOR
rate plus an applicable margin between 2.25% and 4.00% per annum or the base rate (which is the higher of the bank s prime rate, the Federal funds rate plus 0.5% or one-month LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus an applicable margin between 1.25% and 3.00%
per annum. We are also required to pay a fee on the unused portion of the Credit Facility at a rate between 0.375% and 0.8% per annum, which is included within interest expense on our consolidated statements of operations. At December 31,
2015, the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was 3.8%.   The Credit Agreement contains
customary covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, make loans or investments, make cash distributions if a default exists or would result from the distribution, merger or consolidation with other persons, or
engage in certain asset dispositions including the sale of all or substantially all of its assets. We were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2015. The Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain:  

Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement), calculated over a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, to be no less than the sum of (i) $80.0 million plus (ii) 80% of the aggregate
Consolidated EBITDA for each permitted acquisition completed after June 30, 2014;        

the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to Consolidated Debt Service (as defined in the Credit Agreement), calculated over a period of four fiscal quarters, or the Consolidated Debt Service
Coverage Ratio, of not less than 2.50 to 1.00 for any period; and        

the ratio of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement), calculated over a period of four fiscal quarters, or the Consolidated
Leverage Ratio, of not greater than 4.00 to 1.00 for any period.       Senior Notes   
 On May 28, 2013, we issued $175.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.875% Senior Notes due 2021 (the  Senior Notes ). We pay
7.875% interest per annum on the principal amount of the Senior Notes, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The net proceeds from the offering were used to retire a $150.0 million aggregate
principal amount of 10.25% Senior Notes due 2017 and the remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. The Senior Notes were issued at 97.832% of par resulting in gross proceeds of $171.2 million with an original issue discount of
approximately $3.8 million. We incurred debt issuance costs and fees of approximately $4.6 million. These costs and fees are deferred and will be amortized over the life of these notes. The Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2021.  
 At any time prior to June 1, 2016, we may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes with the net cash
proceeds of certain equity offerings at the redemption price of 107.875%, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, provided that (i) at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes remain outstanding
and (ii) the redemption occurs within 180 days of the closing date of such equity offering. At any time on or after June 1, 2016, we may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages
of the principal amount) set forth below, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning June 1 of the years indicated:  
   
   In addition, at any time prior to June 1, 2016, we may also redeem all or any portion of the Senior Notes
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes redeemed, plus the Applicable Premium (as defined in the Indenture), including accrued and unpaid interest. Subject to certain exceptions, upon the occurrence of a
Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture), each holder of the Senior Notes will have the right to require us to purchase that holder s Senior Notes for a cash price equal to 101% of the principal amounts to be purchased, plus accrued and
unpaid interest.    The Senior Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed by certain of our material subsidiaries. The Indenture
governing the Senior Notes contains covenants, including limitations of our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness and liens, make certain dividends, distributions, redemptions or investments, enter into certain transactions with
affiliates, make certain asset sales, and engage in certain mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of our assets, among other items. As of December 31, 2015, we were in compliance with these covenants.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

    Cash Distribution Policy    
 Our partnership agreement requires that we distribute 100% of available cash to our common and preferred unitholders and general partner within
45 days following the end of each calendar quarter in accordance with their respective percentage interests. Available cash consists generally of all of our cash receipts, less cash disbursements. Our general partner is granted discretion under the
partnership agreement to establish, maintain and adjust reserves for future operating expenses, debt service, maintenance capital expenditures and distributions for the next four quarters. These reserves are not restricted by magnitude, but only by
type of future cash requirements with which they can be associated.    Available cash is distributed to the common limited partners and the
general partner in accordance with their ownership interests, subject to the general partner s incentive distribution rights if quarterly cash distributions per limited partner unit exceed specified targets. Incentive distribution rights
are generally defined as all cash distributions paid to our general partner that are in excess of its respective ownership interest. The incentive distribution rights will entitle our general partner to receive the following increasing
percentage of cash distributed by us as it reaches certain target distribution levels:      

13.0% of all cash distributed in any quarter after each common unit has received $0.5125 for that quarter;        

23.0% of all cash distributed in any quarter after each common unit has received $0.5875 for that quarter; and        

48.0% of all cash distributed in any quarter after each common unit has received $0.7125 for that quarter.    
   Agreements with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia    
 In accordance with the lease and management agreements with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, we have agreed pay to the Archdiocese aggregate
fixed rent of $36.0 million in the following amounts:      
   The fixed rent for lease years 6 through 11 shall be deferred. If the Archdiocese terminates the agreements
pursuant to a lease year 11 termination or we terminate the agreements as a result of a default by the Archdiocese, prior to the end of lease year 11, the deferred fixed rent shall be retained by us. If the agreements are not terminated, the
deferred fixed rent shall become due and payable 30 days after the end of lease year 11.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires making
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of actual revenue and expenses during the
reporting period. Although we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ from the estimates on which our financial statements are
prepared at any given point of time. Changes in these estimates could materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Significant items that are subject to such estimates and assumptions include revenue and expense
accruals, fair value of merchandise and perpetual care trusts assets and the allocation of purchase price to the fair value of assets acquired. A summary of the significant accounting policies we have adopted and followed in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements is included in Note 1 under  Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  included in this Form 10-K/A. The critical accounting policies and estimates we have identified are discussed below.  
   Deferred Revenues      Revenues from
the sale of services and merchandise, as well as any investment income from the merchandise trust is deferred until such time that the services are performed or the merchandise is delivered. In addition to amounts deferred on new contracts,
investment income and unrealized gains on our merchandise trust, deferred revenues includes deferred revenues from pre-need sales that were entered into by entities prior to the acquisition of those entities by us, including entities that were
acquired by Cornerstone Family Services, Inc. upon its formation in 1999. We provide for a reasonable profit margin for these deferred revenues to account for the future costs of delivering products and providing services on pre-need contracts that
we acquired through acquisitions. These revenues and their associated costs are recognized when the related merchandise is delivered or the services are performed and are presented on a gross basis on the consolidated statements of operations.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

    Accounts Receivable Allowance for Cancellations    
 At the time of a pre-need sale, we record an account receivable in an amount equal to the total contract value less any cash deposit paid net
of an estimated allowance for cancellations. The allowance for cancellations is established based upon our estimate of expected cancellations and historical experiences, and is currently approximately 10% of total contract values. Future
cancellation rates may differ from this current estimate. We will continue to evaluate cancellation rates and will make changes to the estimate should the need arise. Actual cancellations did not vary significantly from the estimates of expected
cancellations at December 31, 2015 or 2014.      Other-Than-Temporary Impairment of Trust Assets    
 Assets held in our merchandise trusts are carried at fair value. Any change in unrealized gains and losses is reflected in the carrying value
of the assets and is recognized as deferred revenue. Any and all investment income streams, including interest, dividends or gains and losses from the sale of trust assets, are offset against deferred revenue until such time that we deliver the
underlying merchandise. Investment income generated from our merchandise trust is included in Cemetery revenues   investment and other.  
 Pursuant to state law, a portion of the proceeds from the sale of cemetery property is required to be paid into perpetual care trusts. All
principal must remain in this trust into perpetuity while interest and dividends may be released and used to defray cemetery maintenance costs, which are expensed as incurred. Assets in our perpetual care trusts are carried at fair value. Any
change in unrealized gains and losses is reflected in the carrying value of the assets and is offset against perpetual care trust corpus.  
 We evaluate whether or not the assets in our merchandise and perpetual care trusts have an other-than-temporary impairment on a
security-by-security basis. We determine whether or not the impairment of a fixed maturity debt security is other-than-temporary by evaluating each of the following:      

Whether it is our intent to sell the security. If there is intent to sell, the impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary.        

If there is no intent to sell, we evaluate if it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. If we determine that it is more likely than not that it
will be required to sell an impaired investment before its anticipated recovery, the impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary.    
 We further evaluate whether or not all assets in the trusts have other-than-temporary impairments based upon a number of criteria including
the severity of the impairment, length of time a security has been in a loss position, changes in market conditions and concerns related to the specific issuer.  
 If an impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the security is adjusted downward to its fair value. For
assets held in the perpetual care trusts, any reduction in the cost basis due to an other-than-temporary impairment is offset with an equal and opposite reduction in the perpetual care trust corpus and has no impact on earnings. For assets held
in the merchandise trusts, any reduction in the cost basis due to an other-than-temporary impairment is recorded in deferred revenue.      Goodwill
     Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired. We test goodwill for
impairment using a two-step test. In the first step of the test, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. We determine the fair value of each reporting unit using the income approach. We do not
record an impairment of goodwill in instances where the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount. If the aggregate fair value of a reporting unit is less than the related carrying amount, we proceed to the second step of the test
in which we would determine and record an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over the implied fair value. The goodwill impairment test is performed annually or more frequently if events or
circumstances indicate that impairment may exist.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Income Taxes    
 Our corporate subsidiaries are subject to both federal and state income taxes. We record deferred tax assets and liabilities to recognize
temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities in our tax and GAAP balance sheets and for federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and alternative minimum tax credits.  
 We record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets if we deem that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
recorded deferred tax assets will not be realizable in future periods.    In evaluating our ability to recover deferred tax assets, we
consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, recent cumulative losses and our forecast of future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, we make assumptions for the amount of taxable
income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require us to make judgments about our future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we
use to manage our business. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record an additional valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. An increase in the valuation allowance would result in additional income tax
expense in the period and could have a significant impact on our future earnings.    As of December 31, 2015, our taxable corporate
subsidiaries had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $261.8 million, which will begin to expire in 2017 and $321.8 million in state net operating loss carryforwards, a portion of which expires annually. Our ability to use such
federal net operating loss carryforwards may be limited by changes in the ownership of our units deemed to result in an  ownership change  under the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 8.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Restated)        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM     To the Board of Directors of StoneMor GP LLC and Unitholders of StoneMor Partners L.P.  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of StoneMor Partners L.P. and subsidiaries (the  Partnership ) as of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, partners  capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.    We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of StoneMor Partners
L.P. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.    As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been restated to correct misstatements.    We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 29, 2016, November 9, 2016 as to the effects of the material weaknesses described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting (as revised), which report expressed an adverse opinion on the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting because of material weaknesses.  
 /s/ Deloitte   Touche LLP  
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  
 February 29, 2016 (November 9, 2016 as to the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 2)  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   STONEMOR PARTNERS L.P.   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (in thousands)       
   See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

   STONEMOR PARTNERS L.P.   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (in thousands, except per unit data)       
   See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   STONEMOR PARTNERS L.P.   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PARTNERS  CAPITAL   
  (in thousands)       
   See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   STONEMOR PARTNERS L.P.   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   
  (in thousands)       
   See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   STONEMOR PARTNERS L.P.   
  1. GENERAL       Nature of Operations    
 StoneMor Partners L.P. (the  Partnership ) is a provider of funeral and cemetery products and services in the death care industry in
the United States. As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership operated 307 cemeteries in 27 states and Puerto Rico, of which 276 are owned and 31 are operated under lease, management or operating agreements. The Partnership also owned and
operated 105 funeral homes in 19 states and Puerto Rico.      Basis of Presentation    
 The consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K/A have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).    The Partnership s presentation of its deferred financing costs within
its consolidated balance sheet has changed. These deferred costs were previously presented as under their own caption and are now presented as an offset to long-term debt using the caption,  Long-term debt, net of deferred financing cost. 
Retrospective adjustment was made to the December 31, 2014 presentation of these deferred costs. This change in presentation has decreased the  Total assets  amount by $9.1 million and decreased  Total liabilities  by the same
amount at December 31, 2014. There was no additional impact on other assets or any other previously reported amounts.    Certain amounts in
the prior year s financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.    The Partnership has
revised its segment reporting and reporting units from prior presentations based on how it currently manages operations and makes business decisions. The Partnership now has two distinct reportable segments and reporting units, which are
classified as Cemetery Operations and Funeral Homes, and are supported by corporate costs and expenses. Prior period balances and activities were adjusted to conform to this revised presentation.  
   Principles of Consolidation      The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of each of the Partnership s wholly-owned subsidiaries. These statements also include the accounts of the merchandise and perpetual care trusts in which the Partnership has a variable
interest and is the primary beneficiary. The Partnership operates 31 cemeteries under long-term lease, operating or management contracts. The operations of 16 of these managed cemeteries have been consolidated.  
 The Partnership operates 15 cemeteries under long-term leases and other agreements that do not qualify as acquisitions for accounting
purposes, including 13 cemeteries related to the transaction with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia that closed in the second quarter of 2014. As a result, the Partnership did not consolidate all of the existing assets and liabilities related to these
cemeteries. The Partnership has consolidated the existing assets and liabilities of the merchandise and perpetual care trusts associated with these cemeteries as variable interest entities since the Partnership controls and receives the benefits and
absorbs any losses from operating these trusts. Under the long-term leases, and other agreements associated with these properties, which are subject to certain termination provisions, the Partnership is the exclusive operator of these cemeteries and
earns revenues related to sales of merchandise, services, and interment rights, and incurs expenses related to such sales, including the maintenance and upkeep of these cemeteries. Upon termination of these contracts, the Partnership will retain all
of the benefits and related contractual obligations incurred from sales generated during the contract period. The Partnership has also recognized the existing performance obligations that it assumed as part of these agreements.  
 Total revenues derived from the cemeteries under these agreements totaled approximately $53.5 million, $43.4 million and $33.9
million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    
  Use of Estimates     The preparation of the
Partnership s consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of
the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. The Partnership s consolidated financial statements are based on a number of significant estimates,
including revenue and expense accruals, depreciation and amortization, merchandise trusts and perpetual care trusts asset valuation, allowance for cancellations, unit-based compensation, deferred contract revenues, deferred merchandise trust
investment earnings, deferred selling and obtaining costs, assets and liabilities obtained via business combinations and income taxes. As a result, actual results could differ from those estimates.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

   Accounts Receivable, Net of Allowance   
 The Partnership sells pre-need cemetery contracts whereby the customer enters into arrangements for future merchandise and services prior to
the time of need. These sales are usually made using interest-bearing installment contracts not to exceed 60 months. The interest income is recorded when the interest amount is considered realizable and collectible, which typically
coincides with cash payment. Interest income is not recognized until payments are collected in accordance with the contract. At the time of a pre-need sale, the Partnership records an account receivable in an amount equal to the total contract
value less unearned finance income and any cash deposit paid, net of an estimated allowance for customer cancellations. The Partnership recognizes an allowance for cancellation of these receivables based upon its historical experience, which is
recorded as a reduction in accounts receivable and a corresponding offset to deferred revenues.    Management evaluates customer receivables
for impairment on an individual contract basis based upon its historical experience, including the age of the receivable and the customer s payment history. Since the Partnership s receivables primarily relate to pre-need sales, the
Partnership has not performed the service or fulfilled all of its obligations for the merchandise to which the receivable relates and, as such, no risk of loss exists regarding accounts receivable.  
  Cash and Cash Equivalents     The
Partnership considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less from the time they are acquired to be cash equivalents.  
  Cemetery Property     Cemetery property
consists of developed and undeveloped cemetery property, constructed mausoleum crypts and lawn crypts and other cemetery property. Cemetery property is stated at cost or, upon acquisition of a business, at the fair value of the assets acquired.  
  Property and Equipment     Property and
equipment is stated at cost or, upon acquisition of a business, at the fair value of the assets acquired and depreciated on a straight-line basis. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred, whereas additions and major replacements
are capitalized and depreciation is recorded over their estimated useful lives as follows:      

Buildings and improvements 
    
 10 to 40 years  
 
 Furniture and equipment 
    
 3 to 10 years  
 
 Leasehold improvements 
    
 over the shorter of the term of the lease or the life of the asset  
    Merchandise Trusts   
 Pursuant to state law, a portion of the proceeds from pre-need sales of merchandise and services is put into trust (the  merchandise
trust ) until such time that the Partnership meets the requirements for releasing trust principal, which is generally delivery of merchandise or performance of services. All investment earnings generated by the assets in the merchandise trusts
(including realized gains and losses) are deferred until the associated merchandise is delivered or the services are performed (see  Note 7).  
  Perpetual Care Trusts     Pursuant to state
law, a portion of the proceeds from the sale of cemetery property is required to be paid into perpetual care trusts. The perpetual care trust principal does not belong to the Partnership and must remain in this trust into perpetuity while interest
and dividends may be released and used to defray cemetery maintenance costs, which are expensed as incurred. The Partnership consolidates the trust into its financial statements because the trust is considered a variable interest entity for which
the Partnership is the primary beneficiary. Earnings from the perpetual care trusts are recognized in current cemetery revenues (see Note 8).  
      39  

Table of Contents  

   Inventories   
 Inventories are classified within other current assets on the Partnership s consolidated balance sheet and include cemetery and funeral
home merchandise valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined primarily on a specific identification basis on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventories were approximately $9.7 million and $5.6 million at December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively.     Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   
 The Partnership monitors the recoverability of long-lived assets, including cemetery property, property and equipment and other assets, based
on estimates using factors such as current market value, future asset utilization, business and regulatory climate and future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the related assets, at a location level. The Partnership s
policy is to evaluate an asset for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that a long-lived asset s carrying value may not be recovered. An impairment charge is recorded to write-down the asset to its fair value if the sum of future
undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset.     Other-Than-Temporary Impairment of Trust Assets   
 The Partnership determines whether or not the impairment of a fixed maturity debt security is other-than-temporary by evaluating each of the
following:      

Whether it is the Partnership s intent to sell the security. If there is intent to sell, the impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary.    

If there is no intent to sell, the Partnership evaluates if it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. If the Partnership determines that it is
more likely than not that it will be required to sell an impaired investment before its anticipated recovery, the impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary.    
 The Partnership further evaluates whether or not all assets in the trusts have other-than-temporary impairments based upon a number of
criteria including the severity of the impairment, length of time a security has been in a loss position, changes in market conditions and concerns related to the specific issuer.  
 If an impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the security is adjusted downward to its fair value.  
 For assets held in the perpetual care trusts, any reduction in the cost basis due to an other-than-temporary impairment is offset with an
equal and opposite reduction in the perpetual care trust corpus and has no impact on earnings.    For assets held in the merchandise trusts,
any reduction in the cost basis due to an other-than-temporary impairment is recorded in deferred revenue.     Goodwill   
 The Partnership tests goodwill for impairment at each year end by comparing its reporting units  estimated fair values to carrying values.
Because quoted market prices for the reporting units are not available, the Partnership s management must apply judgment in determining the estimated fair value of these reporting units. The Partnership s management uses all available
information to make these fair value determinations, including the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates commensurate with the risks involved in the Partnership s assets and the available market data of the industry
group. A key component of these fair value determinations is a reconciliation of the sum of the fair value calculations to the Partnership s market capitalization. The observed market prices of individual trades of an entity s equity
securities (and thus its computed market capitalization) may not be representative of the fair value of the entity as a whole. Substantial value may arise from the ability to take advantage of synergies and other benefits that flow from control over
another entity. Consequently, measuring the fair value of a collection of assets and liabilities that operate together in a controlled entity is different from measuring the fair value of that entity on a stand-alone basis. In most industries,
including the Partnership s, an acquiring entity typically is willing to pay more for equity securities that give it a controlling interest than an investor would pay for a number of equity securities representing less than a controlling
interest. Therefore, once the above fair value calculations have been determined, the Partnership s management also considers the inclusion of a control premium within the calculations. This control premium is judgmental and is based on, among
other items, observed acquisitions in the Partnership s industry. The resultant fair values calculated for the reporting units are compared to observable metrics on large mergers and acquisitions in the Partnership s industry to determine
whether those valuations appear reasonable in management s judgment. Management will continue to evaluate goodwill at least annually, or when impairment indicators arise.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

   Deferred Revenues   
 Revenues from the sale of services and merchandise, as well as any investment income from the merchandise trust is deferred until such time
that the services are performed or the merchandise is delivered.    In addition to amounts deferred on new contracts, and investment income
and unrealized gains on our merchandise trust, deferred revenues includes deferred revenues from pre-need sales that were entered into by entities prior to the acquisition of those entities by the Partnership. The Partnership provides for a
reasonable profit margin for these deferred revenues to account for the future costs of delivering products and providing services on pre-need contracts that the Partnership acquired through acquisition. These revenues and their associated
costs are recognized when the related merchandise is delivered or services are performed and are presented on a gross basis on the consolidated statements of operations.  
  Cemetery Merchandise and Services Sales   
 The Partnership sells its merchandise and services on both a pre-need and at-need basis. Sales of at-need cemetery services and merchandise are
recognized as revenue when the service is performed or merchandise is delivered.    Pre-need sales are usually made on an installment
contract basis for a period not to exceed 60 months with payments of principal and interest required. For those contracts that do not bear a market rate of interest, the Partnership imputes such interest based upon the prime rate plus 150 basis
points, which resulted in a rate of 4.75% for contracts entered into during the three years ended December 31, 2015, in order to segregate the principal and interest component of the total contract value.  
 At the time of a pre-need sale, the Partnership records an account receivable in an amount equal to the total contract value less unearned
finance income and any cash deposit paid, net of an estimated allowance for customer cancellations. The revenue from both the sales and interest component is deferred. Interest revenue is recognized utilizing the effective interest method.  
 The allowance for customer cancellations is established based on management s estimates of expected cancellations and historical
experiences. Revenue from the sale of burial lots and constructed mausoleum crypts is deferred until such time that 10% of the sales price has been collected, at which time it is fully earned; revenues from the sale of unconstructed mausoleums are
recognized using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting while revenues from cemetery merchandise and services are recognized once such merchandise is delivered (title has transferred to the customer and the merchandise is either installed
or stored, at the direction of the customer, at the vendor s warehouse or a third-party warehouse at no additional cost to us) or services are performed.  
 The Partnership defers certain pre-need cemetery and prearranged funeral direct obtaining costs that vary with and are primarily related to
the acquisition of new pre-need cemetery and prearranged funeral business. Such costs are expensed as revenues are recognized.     Funeral Home Service
and Insurance Policy Sales     Revenue from funeral home services is recognized as services are performed and merchandise is
delivered. The Partnership s funeral home operations also include revenues related to the sale of term and final expense whole life insurance. As an agent for these insurance sales, the Partnership earns and recognizes
commission-related revenue streams from the sales of these policies.    Pursuant to state law, a portion of proceeds received from pre-need
funeral service contracts is put into trust while amounts used to defray the initial administrative costs are not. All investment earnings generated by the assets in the trust (including realized gains and losses) are deferred until the associated
merchandise is delivered or the services are performed. The balance of the amounts in these trusts is included within the merchandise trusts above.  
  Income Taxes     The Partnership is not
subject to U.S. federal and most state income taxes. The partners of the Partnership are liable for income tax in regard to their distributive share of the Partnership s taxable income. Such taxable income may vary substantially from
net income reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Certain corporate subsidiaries are subject to federal and state income tax. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and tax carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. The Partnership records a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets if it deems that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realizable in future
periods.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

   Net Income (Loss) per Common Unit   
 Basic net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners per unit is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common
limited partners, which is determined after the deduction of the general partner s interest, by the weighted average number of common limited partner units outstanding during the period. Net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners
is determined by deducting net income attributable to participating securities, if applicable and net income (loss) attributable to the general partner s units. The general partner s interest in net income (loss) is calculated on a
quarterly basis based upon its units and incentive distributions to be distributed for the quarter, with a priority allocation of net income to the general partner s incentive distributions, if any, in accordance with the partnership agreement,
and the remaining net income (loss) allocated with respect to the general partner s and limited partners  ownership interests.  
 The Partnership presents net income (loss) per unit under the two-class method for master limited partnerships, which considers whether the
incentive distributions of a master limited partnership represent a participating security when considered in the calculation of earnings per unit under the two-class method. The two-class method considers whether the partnership agreement contains
any contractual limitations concerning distributions to the incentive distribution rights that would impact the amount of earnings to allocate to the incentive distribution rights for each reporting period. If distributions are contractually limited
to the incentive distribution rights  share of currently designated available cash for distributions as defined under the partnership agreement, undistributed earnings in excess of available cash should not be allocated to the incentive
distribution rights. Under the two-class method, management of the Partnership believes the partnership agreement contractually limits cash distributions to available cash; therefore, undistributed earnings in excess of available cash are not
allocated to the incentive distribution rights.    The following is a reconciliation of net income (loss) allocated to the common limited
partners for purposes of calculating net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners per unit (in thousands, except unit data):      
   Diluted net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners per unit is calculated by dividing net
income (loss) attributable to common limited partners, less income allocable to participating securities, by the sum of the weighted average number of common limited partner units outstanding and the dilutive effect of unit appreciation rights and
other awards, as calculated by the treasury stock or if converted methods, as applicable. These awards consist of common units issuable upon payment of an exercise price by the participant under the terms of the Partnership s long-term
incentive plan (see Note 13).    The following table sets forth the reconciliation of the Partnership s weighted average number of
common limited partner units used to compute basic net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners per unit with those used to compute diluted net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners per unit (in thousands):  

New Accounting Pronouncements   
 In the second quarter of 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in  Topic 605 - Revenue Recognition  and most industry-specific guidance. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is
that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. During the third
quarter of 2015, Update No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2015-14 ) was released, deferring the effective date of the amendments to annual
 
      42  

Table of Contents  

reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is permitted, only as of an annual reporting period beginning
after December 15, 2016. The Partnership will adopt the requirements of ASU 2014-09 upon its effective date of January 1, 2018, and is evaluating the potential impact of the adoption on its financial position, results of operations or related
disclosures.    In the first quarter of 2015, the FASB issued Update No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810)  ( ASU
2015-02 ), which amends previous consolidation analysis guidance. ASU 2015-02 requires companies to consider revised consolidation criteria regarding limited partnerships and similar legal entities. The amendments are effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is permitted. The Partnership will adopt the requirements of ASU 2015-02 upon its effective date of January 1, 2016,
and it does not anticipate it having a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, and related disclosures.    In the
second quarter of 2015, the FASB issued Update No. 2015-03,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ), which changes the presentation of
debt issuance costs. During the third quarter of 2015, Update No. 2015-15,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) ( ASU 2015-15 ) was released clarifying the treatment of debt issuance costs associated with
line-of-credit arrangements. ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and
measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by ASU 2015-03. ASU 2015-15 allows the deferral and presentation of debt issuance costs pertaining to line-of-credit arrangements as an asset. The amendments in the update are
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those reporting periods. Early application is permitted. The Partnership has elected to early adopt the presentation change regarding its
deferred financing cost within its consolidated balance sheets. These deferred financing costs were previously presented as a separate asset caption and are now presented as a direct reduction to long-term debt under the caption,  Long-term
debt, net of deferred financing costs.  This change in presentation has decreased  Total assets  and  Total liabilities  by $9.1 million at December 31, 2014.  
 In the third quarter of 2015, the FASB issued Update No. 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for
Measurement-Period Adjustments  ( ASU 2015-16 ). ASU 2015-16 requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to estimated amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment
amounts are determined. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and early application is permitted. The Partnership has elected to early adopt the requirements of ASU 2015-16 during the fourth quarter of 2015,
and it did not have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations and related disclosures.    In the first quarter of
2016, the FASB issued Update No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments (Subtopic 825-10)  ( ASU 2016-01 ). The core principle of ASU 2016-01 is that all equity investments should be measured at fair value with changes in the
fair value recognized through net income. The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted for the key
aspects of the amendment. The Partnership will adopt the requirements of ASU 2016-01 upon its effective date of January 1, 2018, and is evaluating the potential impact of the adoption on its financial position, results of operations and related
disclosures.     2. RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 Subsequent to the issuance of the Partnership s 2015 consolidated financial statements, the Partnership determined that material
adjustments were needed to correct certain accounting errors. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Partnership as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015,
and the related notes hereto, have been restated to correct these accounting errors (the  Restatement ). A summary of these accounting errors, and their effect on the Partnership s consolidated financial statements is as follows:  

A. 
 The Partnership allocates net loss to the General Partner and its limited partners for the purposes of determining the General Partner s and limited partners  capital accounts within  Partners 
capital , and to calculate net loss per limited partner unit (basic and diluted). However, the historical allocation of the Partnership s net losses did not appropriately consider available cash that had been (or will be) distributed to
the separate class of nonvoting limited partner interest (the incentive distribution rights) held by the General Partner. While this misallocation had no impact on the Partnership s consolidated net loss for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2015, the revised calculation to correctly allocate net losses increased the limited partners  historical share of allocated net loss and decreased the General Partner s historical share of allocated net loss. As
a result, the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and consolidated statement of partners  capital have been restated to increase the limited partners  share of allocated net loss and decrease the General Partner s share
of allocated net loss by approximately $4.0 million, $2.3 million, $1.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated statement of partner s capital has also been
restated to decrease the limited partners  share of partners  capital, and increase the General Partner s share of partners  capital by approximately $10.2 million and $6.2 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

B. 
 The Partnership had historically presented the cost component of its performance obligations as a liability referred to as  Merchandise liability  and the offset for these liabilities was recognized as a
reduction in  Deferred cemetery revenues, net  in the Partnership s consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to the issuance of the Partnership s 2015 consolidated financial statements, the Partnership determined that the correct
presentation of these obligations is  Deferred revenues , rather than a separate  Merchandise liability . Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, has been restated to
reclassify performance obligations of approximately $173.1 million and $150.2 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, from  Merchandise liability  to  Deferred revenues . As part of this restatement, the
Partnership also reclassified the amounts referred to as  Deferred cemetery revenues, net  in the previously reported consolidated balance sheets of approximately $637.5 million and $643.4 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2015 and
2014 to  Deferred revenues  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.        

C. 
 The Partnership had historically presented revenue related to assumed obligations from acquisitions on a net basis in the Partnership s consolidated statement of operations. However, subsequent to the issuance of
the Partnership s 2015 consolidated financial statements, the Partnership determined that the correct presentation of this revenue was on a gross basis. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated statement of operations has been restated to
present such revenue on a gross basis. This classification resulted in an increase in  Cemetery merchandise revenues  of approximately $5.1 million, $6.7 million, and $3.6 million in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013,
respectively, an increase in  Cemetery services revenue  of approximately $0.6 million, $0.5 million, and $0.5 million, respectively, and an increase  Cost of goods sold  of approximately $5.7 million, $7.2 million, and $4.1
million in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.        

D. 
 The Partnership had historically presented its Goodwill and Intangible Assets in one line on the Partnership s consolidated balance sheets. However, subsequent to the issuance of the Partnership s 2015
consolidated financial statements, the Partnership determined that the presentation of its Goodwill should be reported separately. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, has been restated to
reclassify Goodwill and Intangible Assets of approximately $69.9 million and $67.2 million as of December 31, 2015, respectively, and approximately $58.8 million and $69.0 million as of December 31, 2014 from  Goodwill and intangible
assets  to separate lines in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.        

E. 
 The Partnership had historically recorded funeral home land from acquisitions within  Cemetery property . However, subsequent to the issuance of the Partnership s 2015 consolidated financial statements,
the Partnership determined that such Funeral home land should be recorded within  Property and equipment . This adjustment resulted in a decrease of $11.8 million and $10.0 million in  Cemetery property  as of December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively, and a corresponding increase in  Property and equipment . Additionally, the Partnership had historically recorded deferred cemetery property within  Deferred cemetery revenues, net . However, subsequent to
the issuance of the Partnership s 2015 consolidated financial statements, the Partnership determined that such amounts should have been recorded within  Cemetery property . This adjustment resulted in an increase in  Cemetery
Property  in the amount of $3.6 million and $2.8 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.        

F. 
 The Partnership had historically recorded the obligation for certain of the Partnership s outstanding phantom unit awards as liabilities. However, subsequent to the issuance of the Partnership s 2015
consolidated financial statements, the Partnership determined that these awards are equity awards and should be classified as equity. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, has been restated to
adjust the awards as equity award, resulting in a $1.9 million increase to  Common limited partners  interest  and a decrease for the same amount to  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  as of December 31, 2015 and
2014.        

G. 
 The Partnership had historically recognized incorrect amounts of investment revenues and expenses related to its Merchandise and perpetual care trusts on its consolidated statement of operations and was incorrectly
tracking its perpetual care-trusting obligations on its consolidated balance sheets. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and
2013 have been restated for these adjustments. The adjustments resulted in an increase in  Deferred revenues  of approximately $17.9 million and $16.4 million, a decrease in  Partners  Capital  of approximately $25.4
million and $23.7 million, and an increase in  Other long-term liabilities  of approximately $7.5 million and $7.3 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In addition, the correction of these accounting errors resulted
in a decrease in  Investment and other  revenues of $0.2 million, $0.6 million, and $1.7 million and an increase in  Cost of goods sold  of $1.5 million, $1.3 million, and $0.5 million in the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.        

H. 
 The Partnership had historically recognized incorrect amounts of revenue from deferred pre-acquisition contracts in its consolidated statement of operations based on inaccurate system inputs. However, subsequent to the
issuance of the Partnership s 2015 consolidated statement of operations, the Partnership determined that revenue recognition on such preacquisition revenue was understated. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the
years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 have been restated to reflect the correction of the system inputs. The adjustments resulted in a decrease in  Deferred revenues  and an increase in  Partners  Capital  of
$16.5 million and $14.7 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In addition, the correction of these accounting errors resulted in an increase in  Cemetery merchandise revenues  of $1.6 million, $2.2 million, and $1.2
million and an increase in  Cemetery services revenues  of $0.2 million in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.        

I. 
 Remaining adjustments principally relate to the recognitions accuracy and/or classification of certain amounts in  Deferred cemetery revenues, net ,  Merchandise liabilities , and  Other current
assets , determined subsequent to the issuance of the Partnership s 2015 consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for the years ended December
31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 have been restated for these adjustments. The adjustments resulted in a decrease of $1.9 million and an increase of $2.8 million in  Deferred revenues  as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, an increase in
 Cemetery merchandise revenues  of $4.4 million, $4.7 million, and $3.5 million, an increase in  Cemetery services revenues  of $2.2 million, $2.0 million, and $1.7 million, and an increase in  Cost of goods sold 
of $5.9 million, $5.1 million, and $6.1 million in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.        

J. 
 The Partnership calculated the effect on income taxes associated with the foregoing accounting errors and, as such, the accompanying statement of operations has been restated to recognize  Income tax benefit
(expense)  of approximately $0.2 million, ($0.1) million, $1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. Additionally, the  Deferred tax assets  and  Deferred tax
liability  within the consolidated balance sheet were restated by approximately $0.1 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.    
 The effect of these adjustments on the Partnership s consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and cash flows as of December
31, 2015 and 2014 and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 is summarized below for each affected caption:  
      43  

Table of Contents  

The Restatement adjustments affecting the consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended December
31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 are included in the Partnership s net loss from operations and offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities. There were no adjustments related to cash provided by (used in) investing and financing activities.
 
      44  

Table of Contents  

  The table below summarizes the effects of the restatement adjustments on the Statement of
Partners  Capital balances for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, including the effects of the cumulative restatement adjustments recorded to all periods prior to January 1, 2013:  
   
    3. ACQUISITIONS   
   2015 Acquisitions      During the year
ended December 31, 2015, the Partnership acquired the following properties and related assets, net of certain assumed liabilities:      

Three funeral homes and one cemetery for cash consideration of $5.7 million on August 6, 2015;        

One funeral home for cash consideration of $5.0 million on August 31, 2015, and an additional $1.0 million paid in 5 annual installments beginning on the 1 st 
anniversary of the closing date; and        

One cemetery and two funeral homes for cash consideration of $5.7 million on December 1, 2015.    
 The Partnership accounted for these transactions under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the Partnership evaluated the
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective acquisition date fair values. All other costs incurred associated with the acquisition of the assets noted were expensed as incurred. The following table presents the
Partnership s values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisitions, based on their estimated fair values at the dates of the acquisition, which may be prospectively adjusted as additional information is received
(in thousands):     
   The Partnership recorded goodwill of $1.1 million and $9.9 million in the Cemetery and Funeral Home reporting
units, respectively, with regard to the properties acquired during the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

    2014 Acquisitions    
 During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Partnership acquired the following properties and related assets, net of certain assumed
liabilities:      
     
   The Partnership
accounted for these transactions under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the Partnership evaluated the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective acquisition date fair values. All other costs
incurred associated with the acquisition of the assets noted were expensed as incurred. The following table presents the Partnership s final values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisitions, based on their
estimated fair values at the dates of the acquisition (in thousands):     
   The Partnership recorded goodwill of $1.6 million in the Funeral Home reporting unit with regard to the
properties acquired and included in the table above during the year ended December 31, 2014.    In addition to the properties noted above,
on June 10, 2014, the Partnership acquired twelve cemeteries and nine funeral homes and their related assets, net of certain assumed liabilities, in a single transaction for cash consideration of $53.8 million.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

  The Partnership accounted for this transaction under the acquisition method of
accounting. Accordingly, the Partnership evaluated the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective acquisition date fair values. All other costs incurred associated with the acquisition of the assets noted were
expensed as incurred. The following table presents the Partnership s final values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition, based on their estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition (in
thousands):     
   The Partnership recorded goodwill of $6.1 million and $2.4 million in the Cemetery and Funeral Home reporting
units, respectively, with regard to the properties acquired and included in the table above during the year ended December 31, 2014.      Agreements
with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia      On May 28, 2014, certain subsidiaries of the Partnership ( Tenant ) and the
Archdiocese of Philadelphia ( Landlord ) entered into a lease agreement (the  Lease ) and a management agreement (the  Management Agreement ), pursuant to which the Tenant will operate 13 cemeteries in Pennsylvania for
a term of 60 years and allow the tenant to, among other things and subject to certain limitations, sell burial rights and all related merchandise and services. The Partnership joined the Lease and the Management Agreement as a guarantor of all of
the Tenant s obligations under this operating arrangement.    Under the terms of the Lease and Management Agreements:  

the Tenant paid $53.0 million to the Landlord at closing, and agreed to make aggregate future rental payments of $36.0 million in accordance with the following schedule:    

the Lease and Management Agreements may be terminated by the Landlord during the 11 th  year of the lease in its sole discretion, or by either party due to default or
bankruptcy by the end of the 11 th  year of the lease, subject to certain limitations;        

lease payments for years 6 through 11 shall be deferred until the Landlord determines whether to continue or terminate the Lease during the 11 th  year of the Lease, or
the Tenant terminates the Lease by the end of the 11 th  year of the lease due to default or bankruptcy. If the Lease is terminated for either reason noted, the lease payments for years 6
through 11 shall be forfeited by the Landlord. Otherwise, the deferred lease payments for years 6 through 11 shall be due and payable 30 days after the end of the 11 th  year of the
lease. If the Landlord terminates the Lease during the 11 th  year of the Lease, it must repay the $53.0 million paid at closing by the Tenant. If the Lease is terminated for cause at
anytime, the $53.0 million paid by the Tenant at closing is subject to repayment, subject to certain amortization and other limitations; and    
      47  

Table of Contents  

the Tenant also agreed to make additional rental payments equal to 51% of gross revenues generated from non-ordinary course revenues and property dispositions associated with the properties, less reasonable costs and
expenses.      The Partnership accounted for this transaction as a contract-based intangible asset at the present value of the
consideration, less the fair value of net assets received at the acquisition date, consisting of acquired accounts receivable. The Partnership also recognized an $8.4 million liability for the present value of the $36.0 million of lease
payments to be made in future periods at a discount rate of 8.3%. The following table presents the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction based on their estimated fair values (in thousands):  
   
     2013 Acquisitions    
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Partnership acquired the following properties and related assets, net of certain assumed
liabilities:      

48  

Table of Contents  

  The Partnership accounted for these transactions under the acquisition method of
accounting. Accordingly, the Partnership evaluated the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective acquisition date fair values. All other costs incurred associated with the acquisition of the assets noted were
expensed as incurred. The following table presents the Partnership s final values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisitions, based on their estimated fair values at the dates of the acquisition (in
thousands):     
   The Partnership recorded goodwill of $6.3 million in the Funeral Home reporting unit with regard to the
properties acquired and included in the table above during the year ended December 31, 2013.    The following data presents pro forma
revenues, net income (loss) and basic and diluted net income (loss) per unit for the Partnership as if the acquisitions consummated during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, including the related financings, had occurred as of January 1,
2014. The Partnership prepared these pro forma unaudited financial results for comparative purposes only; they may not be indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisitions consummated during the years ended December 31,
2015 and 2014 and the related financings had occurred on January 1, 2014 or the results that will be attained in future periods (in thousands, except per unit data; unaudited):  
   
   Since their respective dates of acquisition, the properties acquired in 2015 have contributed $2.1 million of
revenue and $0.2 million of operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2015. The properties acquired in 2014 have contributed $43.9 million of revenue and $5.4 million of operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2015 and
$19.3 million of revenue and $1.6 million of operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2014. The properties acquired in 2013 have contributed $6.6 million of revenue and $0.7 million of operating profit for the year ended
December 31, 2015, $6.0 million of revenue and $0.7 million of operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2014 and $3.9 million of revenue and $0.1 million of operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2013.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

  During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Partnership recovered $18.4 million, net of
legal fees, costs and contractual obligations, related to the settlement of claims from locations that it acquired in prior years. Of the amount recovered, $11.9 million was received in cash proceeds and $6.5 million was contributed to the related
perpetual care and merchandise trusts. The Partnership recognized a gain on settlement agreement of $12.3 million for this transaction during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
  4. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET OF ALLOWANCE   
 Long-term accounts receivable, net, consisted of the following at the dates indicated (in thousands):  
   
   Activity in the allowance for contract cancellations is as follows (in thousands):  
   
    5. CEMETERY PROPERTY   
 Cemetery property consists of the following at the dates indicated (in thousands):  
   
    6. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT   
 Property and equipment consists of the following at the dates indicated (in thousands):  

50  

Table of Contents  

  Depreciation expense was $10.6 million, $8.9 million and $7.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.     7. MERCHANDISE TRUSTS   
 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Partnership s merchandise trusts consisted of investments in debt and equity marketable securities and
cash equivalents, both directly as well as through mutual and investment funds. Certain assets related to 2015 acquisitions have not yet been received. Accordingly, a portion of the assets are shown in a single line item in the disclosures
below as  Assets acquired via acquisition  and the cost basis and fair value of such assets are based upon preliminary estimates that the Partnership is required to make in accordance with Accounting Topic 805.  
 All of these investments are classified as Available for Sale and accordingly, all of the assets are carried at fair value. All of these
investments are considered either Level 1 or Level 2 assets pursuant to the three-level hierarchy (see Note 15). There were no Level 3 assets.  
 The merchandise trusts are variable interest entities (VIE) for which the Partnership is the primary beneficiary. The assets held in the
merchandise trusts are required to be used to purchase the merchandise to which they relate. If the value of these assets falls below the cost of purchasing such merchandise, the Partnership may be required to fund this shortfall.  
 The Partnership included $8.2 million and $8.3 million of investments held in trust by the West Virginia Funeral Directors Association at
December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively in its merchandise trust assets. As required by law, the Partnership deposits a portion of certain funeral merchandise sales in West Virginia into a trust that is held by the West Virginia
Funeral Directors Association. These trusts are recognized at their account value, which approximates fair value.    A reconciliation of the
Partnership s merchandise trust activities for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 is presented below (in thousands):      
   During the year ended December 31, 2015, purchases and sales of securities available for sale included in
trust investments were approximately $554.7 million and $522.2 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2014, purchases and sales of securities available for sale included in trust investments were approximately $430.5 million
and $440.8 million, respectively.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

  The cost and market value associated with the assets held in the merchandise trusts at December
31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows (in thousands):      
   The contractual maturities of debt securities held within the merchandise trusts as of December 31, 2015 were
as follows (in thousands):      
     Temporary Declines in Fair Value    
 The Partnership evaluates declines in fair value below cost for each asset held in the merchandise trusts on a quarterly basis.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

  An aging of unrealized losses on the Partnership s investments in debt and equity securities
within the merchandise trusts at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 is presented below:      
     
   For all securities in an unrealized loss position, the Partnership evaluated the severity of the impairment
and length of time that a security has been in a loss position and concluded the decline in fair value below the asset s cost was temporary in nature. In addition, the Partnership is not aware of any circumstances that would prevent the future
market value recovery for these securities.      Other-Than-Temporary Impairment of Trust Assets    
 The Partnership assesses its merchandise trust assets for other-than-temporary declines in fair value on a quarterly basis. During the
year ended December 31, 2015, the Partnership determined that there were securities with an aggregate cost basis of approximately $196.8 million and an aggregate fair value of approximately $142.3 million, resulting in an impairment of $54.5
million, with such impairment considered to be other-than-temporary. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Partnership determined that there were securities with an aggregate cost basis of approximately $0.9 million and an aggregate fair
value of approximately $0.5 million, resulting in an impairment of $0.4 million, with such impairment considered to be other-than-temporary. Accordingly, the Partnership adjusted the cost basis of these assets to their fair value, with a
corresponding adjustment to deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheet. This adjustment to deferred revenues will be reflected within the Partnership s consolidated statement of operations in future periods as the underlying
merchandise is delivered or the underlying service is performed.     8. PERPETUAL CARE TRUSTS   
 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Partnership s perpetual care trusts consisted of investments in debt and equity marketable securities
and cash equivalents, both directly as well as through mutual and investment funds. Certain assets related to 2015 acquisitions have not yet been received. Accordingly, a portion of the assets are shown in a single line item in the disclosures
below as  Assets acquired via acquisition  and the cost basis and fair value of such assets are based upon preliminary estimates that the Partnership is required to make in accordance with Accounting Topic 805.  
 All of these investments are classified as Available for Sale and accordingly, all of the assets are carried at fair value. All of these
investments are considered either Level 1 or Level 2 assets pursuant to the three-level hierarchy (see Note 15). There were no Level 3 assets. The perpetual care trusts are VIEs for which the Partnership is the primary beneficiary.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

  A reconciliation of the Partnership s perpetual care trust activities for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014 is presented below (in thousands):      
   During the year ended December 31, 2015, purchases and sales of securities available for sale included in
trust investments were approximately $359.3 million and $349.0 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2014, purchases and sales of securities available for sale included in trust investments were approximately $157.5 million and
$165.7 million, respectively.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

  The cost and market value associated with the assets held in the perpetual care trusts at
December 31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows (in thousands):      
   The contractual maturities of debt securities held in the perpetual care trusts as of December 31, 2015 were
as follows (in thousands):      
     Temporary Declines in Fair Value    
 The Partnership evaluates declines in fair value below cost of each individual asset held in the perpetual care trusts on a quarterly basis.
 
      55  

Table of Contents  

  An aging of unrealized losses on the Partnership s investments in fixed maturities and
equity securities at December 31, 2015 and 2014 is presented below:      
     
   For all securities in an unrealized loss position, the Partnership evaluated the severity of the impairment
and length of time that a security has been in a loss position and concluded the decline in fair value below the asset s cost was temporary in nature. In addition, the Partnership is not aware of any circumstances that would prevent the future
market value recovery for these securities.      Other-Than-Temporary Impairment of Trust Assets    
 The Partnership assesses its perpetual care trust assets for other-than-temporary declines in fair value on a quarterly basis. During the year
ended December 31, 2015, the Partnership determined that there were securities with an aggregate cost basis of approximately $107.7 million and an aggregate fair value of approximately $78.7 million, resulting in an impairment of $29.0
million, with such impairment considered to be other-than-temporary. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Partnership determined that there were securities with an aggregate cost basis of approximately $1.4 million and an aggregate fair
value of approximately $0.8 million, resulting in an impairment of $0.6 million, with such impairment considered to be other-than-temporary. Accordingly, the Partnership adjusted the cost basis of these assets to their current value and offset this
change against the liability for perpetual care trust corpus.     9. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS   
   Goodwill      The Partnership has
revised its reporting units from prior presentations based on how it currently manages the operating segments. There are now two reporting units, which are classified as Cemetery Operations and Funeral Homes. The Partnership has recorded
goodwill of approximately $69.9 million and $58.8 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. This amount represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired (see Note 3).  
      56  

Table of Contents  

  A rollforward of goodwill by reportable segment is as follows (in thousands):  
   
   The Partnership tests goodwill for impairment at each year end by comparing its reporting units 
estimated fair values to carrying values (see Note 1). There were no goodwill impairments recognized by the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. Management will continue to evaluate goodwill at least annually or when
impairment indicators arise.      Intangible Assets    
 The Partnership has intangible assets with finite lives recognized in connection with acquisitions and long-term lease, management and
operating agreements. The Partnership amortizes these intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. The following table reflects the components of intangible assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014 (in thousands):  
   
   Amortization expense for intangible assets was $2.2 million, $2.1 million, and $2.0 million for the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 respectively. The following is estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets with finite lives for the five years subsequent to December 31, 2015 (in thousands):  
   
    10. LONG-TERM DEBT   
 Total debt consists of the following at the dates indicated (in thousands):  

57  

Table of Contents  

    Credit Facility    
 The Partnership is a party to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) which provides for a single
revolving credit facility of $180.0 million (the  Credit Facility ) maturing on December 19, 2019. Additionally the Credit Agreement provides for an uncommitted ability to increase the Credit Facility by an additional $70.0 million.
The Partnership s obligations under the Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Partnership, excluding those held in trust. Borrowings under the Credit Facility are classified as either acquisition draws or
working capital draws. Acquisition draws may be utilized to finance permitted acquisitions, the purchase and construction of mausoleums and related costs or the net amount of merchandise trust deposits. Working capital draws may be utilized to
finance working capital requirements, capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. The amount of the Credit Facility that is available for working capital draws is subject to a borrowing formula equal to 85% of eligible accounts
receivable, as defined within the Credit Agreement. At December 31, 2015, the amount available under the Credit Facility for working capital advances under this limit was $139.0 million.  
 Each individual acquisition draw is subject to equal quarterly amortization of the principal amount, with annual principal payments comprised
of ten percent of the related advance amount, commencing on the second anniversary of such advance, with the remaining principal due on December 19, 2019, subject to certain mandatory prepayment requirements. Up to $10.0 million of the Credit
Facility may be in the form of standby letters of credit, of which there were none outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014.   Borrowings
under the Credit Facility bear interest, at the Partnership s election, at either an adjusted LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin between 2.25% and 4.00% per annum or the base rate (which is the higher of the bank s prime rate, the
Federal funds rate plus 0.5% or one-month LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus an applicable margin between 1.25% and 3.00% per annum. The Partnership is also required to pay a fee on the unused portion of the Credit Facility at a rate between 0.375% and
0.8% per annum, which is included within interest expense on the Partnership s consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2015, the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was
3.8%.   The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants that limit the Partnership s ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant
liens, make loans or investments, make cash distributions if a default exists or would result from the distribution, merger or consolidation with other persons, or engage in certain asset dispositions including the sale of all or substantially all
of its assets. The Partnership was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2015. The Credit Agreement also requires the Partnership to maintain:      

Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement), calculated over a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, to be no less than the sum of (i) $80.0 million plus (ii) 80% of the aggregate
Consolidated EBITDA for each permitted acquisition completed after June 30, 2014;        

the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to Consolidated Debt Service (as defined in the Credit Agreement), calculated over a period of four fiscal quarters, or the Consolidated Debt Service
Coverage Ratio, of not less than 2.50 to 1.00 for any period; and        

the ratio of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement), calculated over a period of four fiscal quarters, or the Consolidated
Leverage Ratio, of not greater than 4.00 to 1.00 for any period.      At December 31, 2015, the Partnership s Consolidated
Leverage Ratio and the Consolidated Debt Service Coverage Ratio were 3.23 and 4.62, respectively.      Senior Notes    
 On May 28, 2013, the Partnership issued $175.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.875% Senior Notes due 2021 (the  Senior
Notes ). The Partnership pays 7.875% interest per annum on the principal amount of the Senior Notes, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The net proceeds from the offering were used to
retire a $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of 10.25% Senior Notes due 2017 and the remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. The Senior Notes were issued at 97.832% of par resulting in gross proceeds of $171.2 million with
an original issue discount of approximately $3.8 million. The Partnership incurred debt issuance costs and fees of approximately $4.6 million. These costs and fees are deferred and will be amortized over the life of the Senior Notes. The Senior
Notes mature on June 1, 2021.    At any time prior to June 1, 2016, the Partnership may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate
principal amount of the Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at the redemption price of 107.875%, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, provided that (i) at least 65% of the aggregate
principal amount of the Senior Notes remain outstanding and (ii) the redemption occurs within 180 days of the closing date of such equity offering. At any time on or after June 1, 2016, we may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at
the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth below, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning June 1 of the years indicated:
 
      58  

Table of Contents  

In addition, at any time prior to June 1, 2016, the Partnership may also redeem all or any portion of the
Senior Notes, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes redeemed, plus the Applicable Premium (as defined in the Indenture), including accrued and unpaid interest.  
 Subject to certain exceptions, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture), each holder of the Senior Notes will
have the right to require the Partnership to purchase that holder s Senior Notes for a cash price equal to 101% of the principal amounts to be purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest.  
 The Senior Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed by certain of our material subsidiaries. The Indenture governing the Senior Notes
contains covenants, including limitations of the Partnership s ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens, make certain dividends, distributions, redemptions or investments, enter into certain transactions with
affiliates, make certain asset sales, and engage in certain mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of the Partnership s assets. As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership was in compliance with these covenants.  
  11. INCOME TAXES     The Partnership is not
subject to U.S. federal and most state income taxes. The partners of the Partnership are liable for income tax in regard to their distributive share of the Partnership s taxable income. Such taxable income may vary substantially from
net income reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Certain corporate subsidiaries are subject to federal and state income tax. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and tax carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. The Partnership records a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets if it deems that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realizable in future
periods.    Income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 consisted of the following (in thousands):

59  

Table of Contents  

  A reconciliation of the federal statutory tax rate to the Partnership s effective tax rate
is as follows (in thousands):      
   Significant components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands):  
   
   Net deferred tax assets and liabilities were classified on the consolidated balance sheets as follows:  
   
   At December 31, 2015, the Partnership had available approximately less than $0.1 million of alternative
minimum tax credit carryforwards, which are available indefinitely, and $264.5 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards, which will begin to expire in 2017 and $321.8 million in state net operating loss carryforwards, a portion of which
expires annually.    In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become
deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. At December 31, 2015, based on the level of historical taxable
income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Partnership will realize a partial benefit of these deductible
differences. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable could be reduced in the future if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced.  
      60  

Table of Contents  

  In accordance with applicable accounting standards, the Partnership recognizes only the impact of
income tax positions that, based upon their merits, are more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by a taxing authority. To evaluate its current tax positions in order to identify any material uncertain tax positions, the Partnership developed
a policy of identifying and evaluating uncertain tax positions that considers support for each tax position, industry standards, tax return disclosures and schedules and the significance of each position. It is the Partnership s policy to
recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Partnership had no material uncertain tax positions.  
 The Partnership is not currently under examination by any federal or state jurisdictions. The federal statute of limitations and certain state
statutes of limitations are open from 2012 forward.     12. DEFERRED REVENUES   
 The Partnership defers revenues and all direct costs associated with the sale of pre-need cemetery merchandise and services until the
merchandise is delivered or the services are performed. The Partnership recognizes deferred merchandise and service revenues as deferred revenues within long-term liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet. The Partnership recognizes
deferred direct costs associated with pre-need merchandise and service revenues as deferred selling and obtaining costs within long-term assets on its consolidated balance sheet. The Partnership also defers the costs to obtain new pre-need
cemetery and new prearranged funeral business as well as the investment earnings on the prearranged services and merchandise trusts (see Note 1). 
 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, deferred revenues, consisted of the following (in thousands):  
   
    13. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AND RETIREMENT PLANS   
   2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan    
 During the year ended December 31, 2014, the General Partner s Board of Directors (the  Board ) and the Partnership s
unitholders approved a Long-Term Incentive Plan ( 2014 LTIP ). The compensation committee of the Board (the  Compensation Committee ) administers the 2014 LTIP. The 2014 LTIP permits the grant of awards, which may be in
the form of phantom units, restricted units, unit appreciation rights ( UAR ), or unit options, including performance factors for each, covering an aggregate of 1,500,000 common units, a number that the Board may increase by up to 100,000
common units per year. At December 31, 2015, the estimated number of common units to be issued upon vesting and exercise of outstanding rights under this plan was 102,661, including management s estimated amounts for awards with
performance factors. A cumulative number of 14,455 common units have been issued, leaving 1,382,884 common units available for future issuance under the plan, assuming no increases by the Board.  
  Phantom Unit Awards     Phantom units
represent rights to receive a common unit or an amount of cash, or a combination of either, based upon the value of a common unit. Phantom units become payable, in cash or common units, at the Partnership s election, upon the separation of
directors and executives from service or upon the occurrence of certain other events specified in the underlying agreements. Phantom units are subject to terms and conditions determined by the Compensation Committee, which may include vesting
restrictions. In tandem with phantom unit grants, the compensation committee may grant distribution equivalent rights ( DERs ), which are the right to receive an amount in cash or common units equal to the cash distributions made by
the Partnership with respect to common unit during the period that the underlying phantom unit is outstanding. All phantom units outstanding under the 2014 LTIP at December 31, 2015 contain tandem DERs. 
      61  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the 2014 LTIP phantom unit award activity for the years ended
December 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively:      

2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan      The
Compensation Committee administers the Partnership s 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( 2004 LTIP ). The 2004 LTIP permitted the grant of awards, which may be in the form of phantom units, restricted units, unit appreciation rights
( UAR ), or unit options. At December 31, 2015, the estimated number of common units to be issued upon vesting and exercise of outstanding rights under this plan was 187,328, based upon the closing price of our common units at
December 31, 2015. A cumulative number of 626,188 common units have been issued under the plan. There were no phantom units, restricted units, UARs and unit options available for grant under the 2004 LTIP at December 31, 2015 because the
plan expired in 2014.     Phantom Unit Awards   
 Phantom unit awards granted under the 2004 plan included tandem DERs. These DERs continue to accrue until the underlying securities are
issued. The following table sets forth the 2004 LTIP phantom unit award activity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively:      

(2) 
 Based on the closing price of the common units on December 31, 2015, the estimated intrinsic value of the outstanding restricted phantom units was $4.9 million.    
 Total compensation expense for phantom unit awards under both the 2004 and 2014 plans was approximately $1.0 million, $1.0 million and $0.8
million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.     Unit Appreciation Rights Awards   
 UAR awards represent rights to receive a right to receive common units in an amount equal to the closing price of the Partnership s common
units on the date preceding the exercise date less the exercise price of the UAR award, to the extent the closing price of the Partnership s common units on the date preceding the exercise date is in excess of the exercise price. This
amount is then divided by the closing pricing of the Partnership s common units on the date preceding the exercise date to determine the number of common units issued to the participant. UAR awards are subject to terms and conditions
determined by the Compensation Committee, which may include vesting restrictions. UAR awards granted through December 31, 2015 have a five-year contractual  
      62  

Table of Contents  

term beginning on the grant date and vest ratably over a period of 48 months beginning on the grant date. Of the UAR awards outstanding at December 31, 2015, 20,313 awards will vest
within the following twelve months. The following table sets forth the UAR award activity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:      

(1) 
 Based on the closing price of the common units on December 31, 2015 the estimated intrinsic value of the outstanding UARs was $0.1 million. The weighted average remaining contractual life for outstanding UAR awards
at December 31, 2015 was 2.6 years.      At December 31, 2015, the Partnership had approximately $0.1 million of unrecognized
compensation expense related to unvested UAR awards that will be recognized through the year ended December 31, 2018. The Partnership recognized total compensation expense for UAR awards of $0.1 million, $0.1 million and $0.5 million for the
years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Partnership issued 7,716, 152,823 and 34,096 common units due to exercised UAR awards for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
 The Partnership s estimated fair value of UAR awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were calculated on the
grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, which is based on Level 3 inputs. There were no UAR awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2015. A summary of the weighted-average assumptions used in the valuation
are presented below:      
   The aggregate fair values of UARs granted during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were approximately
$0.1 million.     14. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
   Legal      During the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Partnership recognized a charge pertaining to a legal settlement of a Fair Labor Standards Act claim. This $3.1 million amount is recorded under  Legal settlement  on the consolidated statement of operations and
consists of the settlement amount and legal fees related to the case.    The Partnership is party to legal proceedings in the ordinary
course of its business but does not expect the outcome of any proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.  
   Leases      The Partnership has
noncancelable operating leases for equipment and office space that expire at various dates with initial terms ranging from one to twenty-five years. Certain operating leases provide the Partnership with the option to renew for additional
periods. Where operating leases contain escalation clauses, rent abatements, and/or concessions, the Partnership applies them in the determination of straight-line rent expense over the lease term. Leasehold improvements are amortized over
the shorter of the lease term or asset life, which may include renewal periods where the renewal is reasonably assured, and is included in the determination of straight-line rent expense. Total rent expense for the years ended December 31,
2015, 2014 and 2013 was $3.4 million, $2.5 million and $2.7 million, respectively. The aggregate amount of remaining future minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2015 is as follows (in thousands):  
      63  

Table of Contents  

Employment Agreements    
 As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership has an employment agreement with one of its senior executives for a term of three years beginning July
22, 2013.      Other      In
connection with the Partnership s lease and management agreements with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, it has committed to certain future lease payment commitments (see Note 3).  
  15. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   
 Management has established a hierarchy to measure the Partnership s financial instruments at fair value, which requires it to maximize the
use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Observable inputs represent market data obtained from independent sources; whereas, unobservable inputs reflect the Partnership s own market
assumptions, which are used if observable inputs are not reasonably available without undue cost and effort. The hierarchy defines three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  
 Level 1   Unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities that the reporting entity
has the ability to access at the measurement date.    Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are
observable for the asset and liability or can be corroborated with observable market data for substantially the same contractual term of the asset or liability.  
 Level 3   Unobservable inputs that the entity s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in the pricing of
the asset or liability and are consequently not based on market activity but rather through particular valuation techniques.    The
Partnership s current assets and liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets are considered to be financial instruments, and their estimated fair values approximate their carrying values due to their short-term nature and thus are
categorized as Level 1. The Partnership s merchandise and perpetual care trusts consist of investments in debt and equity marketable securities and cash equivalents, are carried at fair value, and are considered either Level 1 or Level 2
(see Note 7 and 8).    The Partnership s other financial instruments at December 31, 2015 and 2014 consist of its Senior Notes and
outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility (see Note 10). The estimated fair values of the Partnership s Senior Notes at December 31, 2015 and 2014 were $179.9 million and $182.2 million, respectively, based on trades
made on those dates, compared with the carrying amounts of $172.2 million and $171.8 million, respectively. At December 31 2015 and 2014, the carrying values of outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s revolving credit facility (see
Note 10), which bears interest at variable interest rates with maturities of 90 days or less, approximated their estimated fair values. The Senior Notes are valued using Level 2 inputs.  
  16. SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
 The Partnership s Senior Notes are guaranteed by StoneMor Operating LLC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The guarantees are full,
unconditional, joint and several. The Partnership, or the  Parent , and its wholly-owned subsidiary Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary Inc., are the co-issuers of the Senior Notes. The co-issuers  guarantees
are full, unconditional,  
      64  

Table of Contents  

joint and several. The Partnership s consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 include the accounts of cemeteries operated under
long-term lease, operating or management agreements. Under the terms of the Senior Notes these entities are non-guarantor subsidiaries as they are not wholly-owned by the Partnership. The Partnership s consolidated financial statements also
contain merchandise and perpetual care trusts that are also non-guarantor subsidiaries under the agreement. The following supplemental condensed consolidating financial information reflects the Partnership s standalone accounts, the combined
accounts of the subsidiary co-issuer, the combined accounts of the guarantor subsidiaries, the combined accounts of the non-guarantor subsidiaries, the consolidating adjustments and eliminations and the Partnership s consolidated accounts as of
and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. For the purpose of the following financial information, the Partnership s investments in its subsidiaries and the guarantor subsidiaries  investments in its subsidiaries are
presented in accordance with the equity method of accounting (in thousands):     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS   

65  

Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

66  

Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

67  

Table of Contents  

17. ISSUANCES OF LIMITED PARTNER UNITS   
 On November 19, 2015, the Partnership entered into an equity distribution agreement ( ATM Equity Program ) with a group of banks (the
 Agents ) whereby it may sell, from time to time, common units representing limited partner interests having an aggregate offering price of up to $100,000,000. Sales of common units, if any, may be made in negotiated transactions or
transactions that are deemed to be  at-the-market  ( ATM ) offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the New York Stock Exchange, the existing trading market for the common units, or
sales made to or through the market maker other than on an exchange or through an electronic communications network. The Partnership will pay each of the Agents a commission, which in each case shall not be more than 2.0% of the gross sales
price of common units sold through such Agent. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Partnership issued 277,667 common units under the ATM Equity Program for net proceeds of $7.5 million.  
 On July 10, 2015, the Partnership issued 2,415,000 common units in a public offering at a price of $29.63 per unit. Net proceeds from the
offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $67.9 million. The proceeds were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s Credit Facility.  
 In February 2014, the Partnership issued 2,300,000 common units in a public offering at a price of $24.45 per unit. Net proceeds of the
offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $53.2 million. The proceeds from the offering were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s Credit Facility.  
 In May 2014, the Partnership sold to American Cemeteries Infrastructure Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
( ACII ), 2,255,947 common units (the  ACII Units ) at an aggregate purchase price of $55.0 million pursuant to a Common Unit Purchase Agreement (the  Common Unit Purchase Agreement ), dated May 19, 2014, by and between
ACII and the Partnership. Pursuant to the Common Unit Purchase Agreement, commencing with the quarter ending June 30 2014, the ACII Units are entitled to receive cash distributions equal to those paid on the common units generally. Through the
quarter ending June 30, 2018, such distributions may be paid in cash, paid-in-kind ( PIK ) common units issued to ACII in lieu of cash distributions, or a combination of cash and PIK units, as determined by the Partnership at its sole
discretion. If the Partnership elects to pay cash distributions through the issuance of PIK units, the number of common units to be issued in connection with a quarterly cash distribution will be the quotient of (i) the amount of the quarterly cash
distribution paid on the common units by (B) the volume-weighted average price of the common units for the thirty (30) trading days immediately preceding the date the quarterly cash distribution is declared with respect to the common units.
Beginning with the quarterly cash distribution payable with respect to the quarter ending September 30, 2018, the ACII Units will receive cash distributions on the same basis as all other common units and the Partnership will no longer have the
ability to elect to pay quarterly cash distributions in PIK units. The Partnership issued 204,804 and 111,740 PIK Units to ACII in lieu of cash distributions of $5.8 million and $2.8 million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively.    In June 2014, the Partnership issued 2,990,000 common units in a public offering at a price of $23.67 per
unit. Net proceeds of the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $67.1 million. The proceeds from the offering were used to pay the purchase price of certain properties acquired and repay
outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s Credit Facility.    In March 2013, the Partnership issued 1,610,000 common units in a
public offering at a price of $25.35 per unit. Net proceeds of the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $38.4 million. The proceeds from the offering were used to repay outstanding borrowings on
the Partnership s Credit Facility.  
      68  

Table of Contents  

   18. SEGMENT INFORMATION   
 The Partnership s operations include two reportable operating segments, Cemetery Operations and Funeral Homes. These operating
segments reflect the way the Partnership manages its operations and makes business decisions as of December 31, 2015 and represent a change from prior periods. Prior periods were revised to the current year presentation. Operating segment
data for the periods indicated were as follows (in thousands):      
    19. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
 On January 26, 2016, the Partnership announced a quarterly cash distribution of $0.66 per common unit pertaining to the results for
the fourth quarter of 2015. The distribution was paid on February 12, 2016 to common unit holders of record as of the close of business on February 5, 2016. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2015, the Partnership issued 474,657 common units under the ATM Equity Program for net proceeds of approximately
$12.4 million. No issuances occurred during February 2016.  
      69  

Table of Contents  

   20. QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)   
 As disclosed in Note 2,  Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements,  the consolidated financial statements of the
Partnership as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 have been revised to give effect to the Restatement. Accordingly, the table below presents quarterly results of operations for the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, as revised to give effect to the Restatement:      
   Net income (loss) per limited partner unit is computed independently for each quarter and the full year based
upon respective average units outstanding. Therefore, the sum of the quarterly per share amounts may not equal to the annual per share amounts.  
      70  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 9A.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (As Revised)        CONCLUSION REGARDING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES (As Revised)     We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 In connection with our Original Filing, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Disclosure
Committee and management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based on that evaluation, as of December
31, 2015, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in our reports under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    In connection with the restatement of our
consolidated financial statements (see Note 2,  Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements , under Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data), under the supervision and with the participation of
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we re-evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. In conducting our re-evaluation, we considered the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as discussed below. Based on this re-evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2015.  
  MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING (As Revised)   
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate.  
 In connection with the Original Filing, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2015. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in  Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)    issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on
that assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015. Subsequently, we determined to restate our previously issued financial statements to correct for errors associated
with the recognition and presentation of certain revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities, both recognized and deferred, the allocation of income and loss to our partners, and errors in the recording of transactions . As a result of this
restatement, management identified deficiencies in our process and procedures that constitute material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as follows:     

A. 
 The Partnership did not design and maintain effective controls over establishing accounting policies nor did they periodically review them for appropriate application in the financial statements.    

B. 
 The Partnership did not design and maintain effective controls over the review of certain recorded balances within  Deferred cemetery revenues, net,   Merchandise liability,   Investment and
other  revenues,  Cemetery property  and  Partners  Capital.         

C. 
 The Partnership did not design and maintain effective controls over the reconciliation of amounts recorded in the general ledger to relevant supporting details.    
      71  

Table of Contents  

  In connection with the restatement of our consolidated financial statements for the periods
covered by this Form 10-K/A, management has re-evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this re-assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of
December 31, 2015, due to the material weaknesses described above. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.    Our
management communicated the results of its reassessment to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of our General Partner.    Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte   Touche LLP, has revised their previously issued audit report on our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 to express an
adverse opinion on our internal control over financial reporting.     REMEDIATION OF MATERIAL WEAKNESS   
 Management is committed to the remediation of the material weaknesses, as well as the continued improvement of our internal control
over financial reporting ( ICFR ). We are in the process of implementing measures to remediate the underlying causes of the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material weaknesses, which primarily include:  

1. 
 Reevaluating and establishing, on a periodic basis, accounting policies and the appropriate application thereof;        

2. 
 Enhancing control procedures related to the review of certain recorded balances affected by the material weaknesses to ensure the appropriateness of such balances; and    

3. 
 Enhancing the control procedures related to the reconciliation of amounts recorded in the general ledger to relevant supporting details.    
 We believe these measures will remediate the material weaknesses noted. While we have completed some of these measures as of the
date of this report, we have not completed and tested all of the planned corrective processes, enhancements, procedures and related evaluation that we believe are necessary to determine whether the material weaknesses have been
fully remediated. We believe the corrective actions and controls need to be in operation for a sufficient period of time for management to conclude that the control environment is operating effectively and has been adequately tested through
audit procedures. Therefore, the material weaknesses have not been fully remediated as of the date of this report. As we continue to evaluate and work to remediate the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material
weaknesses, we may determine that additional measures or time are required to address the control deficiencies or that we need to modify or otherwise adjust the remediation measures described above. We will continue to assess the effectiveness of
our remediation efforts in connection with our evaluation of our ICFR.     CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING   
 Except as set forth above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal
quarter ended December 31, 2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      72  

Table of Contents  

   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 To the Board of Directors of StoneMor GP LLC and Unitholders of StoneMor Partners L.P.  
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of StoneMor Partners L.P. and subsidiaries (the  Partnership ) as of
December 31, 2015 based on criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Partnership s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company s internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company s board of directors,
management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.    A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included
in management s assessment:      

A. 
 The Partnership did not design and maintain effective controls over establishing accounting policies nor did they periodically review them for appropriate application in the financial statements.    

B. 
 The Partnership did not design and maintain effective controls over the review of certain recorded balances within  Deferred cemetery revenues, net,   Merchandise liability,   Investment and
other  revenues,  Cemetery property,  and  Partners  Capital .        

C. 
 The Partnership did not design and maintain effective controls over the reconciliation of amounts recorded in the general ledger to relevant supporting details.    
 These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, of the Partnership and this report does not affect our report on such financial statements.  
      73  

Table of Contents  

  In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses identified above on the
achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Partnership has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated
Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.    We have also audited, in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 of the Partnership and our report dated February 29, 2016, (November 9, 2016 as
to the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements) expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the restatement.  
  /s/  Deloitte   Touche LLP  
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  
 February 29, 2016 (November 9, 2016 as to the effects of the material weaknesses described in  Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting (as revised) )  
      74  

Table of Contents  

      Part IV    

ITEM 15.  
  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES         

(a) 
 Financial Statements        

(1) 
 The following financial statements of StoneMor Partners L.P. are included in Item 8:    
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 (restated)  
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (restated)  
 Consolidated Statement of Partners  Capital for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (restated)  
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 (restated)  
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (restated)      

(2) 
 Other schedules have not been included either because they are not applicable or because the information is included elsewhere in this Form 10-K/A or the Original Filing.    

(c) 
 Exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference.    
      75  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

STONEMOR PARTNERS L.P.  

By: 
   
 StoneMor GP LLC, its General Partner  

November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Lawrence Miller   

Lawrence Miller  

Chief Executive Officer, President and  

Chairman of the Board  
 
      76  

Table of Contents  

   Exhibit Index       

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
  Description   

3.1*   
    
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of StoneMor Partners L.P. (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 9, 2004 (Exhibit 3.1)).  

3.2*   
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of StoneMor Partners L.P. dated as of September 9, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15,
2008).  

4.1.1*   
    
 Indenture, dated as of November 24, 2009, by and among StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary, Inc., Osiris Holding of Maryland Subsidiary, Inc., the guarantors
named therein and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2009).  

4.1.2*   
    
 Form of 10.25% Senior Note due 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2009).  

4.1.3*   
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2009, by and among StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary, Inc., Osiris Holding of Maryland Subsidiary,
Inc., the Initial Guarantors party thereto and Banc of America Securities LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2009).  

4.1.4*   
    
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 24, 2013, by and among StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary, Inc., Osiris Holding of Maryland Subsidiary, Inc.,
the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee to Indenture, dated as of November 24, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28,
2013).  

4.2.1*   
    
 Indenture, dated as of May 28, 2013, by and among StoneMor Partners L.P., Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary, Inc., the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, including Form of 7
7/8% Senior Note due 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2013).  

4.2.2*   
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2013, by and among StoneMor Partners L.P., Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary, Inc., the Initial Guarantors party thereto, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner   Smith Incorporated, as representative of the initial purchasers listed on Schedule A to the Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28,
2013).  

4.2.3*   
    
 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of August 8, 2014, by and among Kirk   Nice, Inc., Kirk   Nice Suburban Chapel, Inc., StoneMor Operating LLC, and Osiris Holding of Maryland Subsidiary, Inc., subsidiaries of
StoneMor Partners L.P. (or its successor), and Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary, Inc., the Guarantors under the Indenture, dated as of May 28, 2013, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014).  

4.3*   
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2014, by and between StoneMor Partners L.P. and American Cemeteries Infrastructure Investors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014).  

10.1.1*   
    
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated April 29, 2011, among StoneMor Operating LLC, each of its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2011).  
 
      77  

Table of Contents  

10.1.2*   
    
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 4, 2011, among StoneMor Operating LLC, each of its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011).  

10.1.3*   
    
 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 28, 2011, among StoneMor Operating LLC, each of its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2011).  

10.1.4*   
    
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 19, 2012, among StoneMor Operating LLC, each of its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2012).  

10.1.5*   
    
 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated February 19, 2013, by and among StoneMor Operating LLC, each of its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and Bank
of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2013).  

10.1.6*   
    
 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended, dated May 8, 2013, by and among StoneMor Operating LLC, each of its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2013).  

10.1.7*   
    
 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Security Documents, dated June 18, 2013, by and among StoneMor Operating LLC, its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party
thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2013).  

10.1.8*   
    
 Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 22, 2014, by and among StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, its Subsidiaries, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014).  

10.1.9*   
    
 Joinder to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 10 2014, by and among Kirk   Nice, Inc., Kirk   Nice Suburban Chapel, Inc. and the other Credit Parties named therein in favor of the Lenders and Bank of
America, N.A. as Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, as Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as Swing Line Lender and as L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014).  

10.1.10*   
    
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated December 19, 2014, among StoneMor Operating LLC, each of its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2014).  

10.1.11*   
    
 First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 10, 2015, by and among StoneMor Operating LLC, its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015).  

10.1.12**   
    
 Second Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 12, 2015, by and among StoneMor Operating LLC, its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer.  
 
      78  

Table of Contents  

10.2*   
    
 Confirmation and Amendment Agreement, dated January 19, 2012, among StoneMor Operating LLC, each of its Subsidiaries, StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P. and Bank of America, N.A., as Collateral Agent (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2012).  

10.3*   
    
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated April 29, 2011, among StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, the Subsidiary Debtors listed therein and Bank of America, N.A. as Collateral Agent
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2011).  

10.3.1*   
    
 Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated December 19, 2014, among StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, the Subsidiary Debtors listed therein and Bank of America, N.A. as Collateral Agent
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2014).  

10.4*   
    
 Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated April 29, 2011, among StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, the Subsidiary Pledgors listed therein and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative and collateral
agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2011).  

10.4.1*   
    
 Second Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, December 19, 2014, among StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, the Subsidiary Pledgors listed therein and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative and
collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2014).  

10.5*   
    
 Purchase Agreement, dated November 18, 2009, by and among StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor Operating LLC, Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary, Inc., Osiris Holding of Maryland Subsidiary, Inc., the guarantors
named therein and Banc of America Securities LLC, acting on behalf of itself and as the representative for the purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24,
2009).  

10.6*   
    
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 16, 2013, by and among StoneMor Partners L.P., Cornerstone Family Services of West Virginia Subsidiary, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith
Incorporated, acting on behalf of itself and as the representative for the initial purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2013).  

10.7.1*    
    
 StoneMor Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended April 19, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on June 4, 2010).  

10.7.1.1*    
    
 StoneMor Partners L.P. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on October 9, 2014).  

10.7.2*    
    
 Form of the Director Restricted Phantom Unit Agreement Under the StoneMor Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated November 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on November 15, 2006).  

10.7.3*    
    
 Form of the Key Employee Restricted Phantom Unit Agreement Under the StoneMor Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated November 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on November 15, 2006).  

10.7.4*    
    
 Form of the Unit Appreciation Rights Agreement Under the StoneMor Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated as of November 27, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on December 1, 2006).  

10.7.5*    
    
 Director Restricted Phantom Unit Agreement by and between StoneMor GP LLC and Robert Hellman dated June 23, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23,
2009).  
 
      79  

Table of Contents  

80  

Table of Contents  

10.10.1*    
    
 Letter Agreement by and between David Meyers and StoneMor GP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.1 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).  

10.10.2*    
    
 Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreement by and between David Meyers and StoneMor GP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.2 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2013).  

10.10.3*    
    
 Payback Agreement by and between David Meyers and StoneMor GP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.3 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).  

10.11.1*    
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between StoneMor GP LLC and Lawrence Miller, Robert B. Hellman, Jr., Fenton R. Talbott, Martin R. Lautman, William Shane, Allen R. Freedman, effective September 20, 2004 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004).  

10.11.2*    
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between StoneMor GP LLC and Howard Carver and Peter Grunebaum, effective February 16, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended September 30, 2004).  

10.11.3*    
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between StoneMor GP LLC and Leo J. Pound and Jonathan Contos, dated February 26, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2015).  

10.12*    
    
 General Release of Claims between Timothy K. Yost and StoneMor GP LLC, the general partner of StoneMor Partners L.P., dated May 18, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015).  

10.13.1*    
    
 Letter Agreement by and between Sean P. McGrath and StoneMor GP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015).  

10.13.2*    
    
 Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreement by and between Sean P. McGrath and StoneMor GP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2015).  

10.14*   
    
 Settlement Agreement by and among StoneMor Indiana LLC, StoneMor Operating LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P., Chapel Hill Associates, Inc., Chapel Hill Funeral Home, Inc., Covington Memorial Funeral Home, Inc., Covington Memorial
Gardens, Inc., Forest Lawn Memorial Chapel Inc., Forest Lawn Memory Gardens Inc., Fred W. Meyer, Jr. by James R. Meyer as Special Administrator to the Estate of Fred W. Meyer, Jr., James R. Meyer, Thomas E. Meyer, Nancy Cade, and F.T.J. Meyer
Associates, LLC dated June 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2010).  

10.15.1*   
    
 Omnibus Agreement by and among McCown De Leeuw   Co. IV, L.P., McCown De Leeuw   Co. IV Associates, L.P., MDC Management Company IV, LLC, Delta Fund LLC, Cornerstone Family Services LLC, CFSI LLC, StoneMor Partners L.P.,
StoneMor GP LLC, StoneMor Operating LLC, dated as of September 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004).  

10.15.2*   
    
 Amendment No. 1 to Omnibus Agreement entered into on, and effective as of, January 24, 2011 by and among MDC IV Trust U/T/A November 30, 2010, MDC IV Associates Trust U/T/A November 30, 2010, Delta Trust U/T/A November 30, 2010
(successors respectively to McCown De Leeuw   Co. IV, L.P., a California limited partnership, McCown De Leeuw IV Associates, L.P., a California limited partnership, Delta Fund LLC, a California limited liability company, and MDC Management
Company IV, LLC, a California limited liability company), Cornerstone Family Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, CFSI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, StoneMor Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, StoneMor GP LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, for itself and on behalf of the Partnership in its capacity as general partner of the Partnership, and StoneMor Operating LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2011).  
 
      81  

Table of Contents  

10.16*   
    
 Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement by and among StoneMor Partners L.P., StoneMor GP LLC, CFSI LLC, StoneMor Operating LLC, dated as of September 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004).  

10.17.1*   
    
 Lease Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2013, by and among StoneMor Operating, LLC, StoneMor Pennsylvania LLC and StoneMor Pennsylvania Subsidiary LLC, the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, and StoneMor Partners L.P., solely in its
capacity as guarantor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2013).  

10.17.2*   
    
 Amendment No. 1 to Lease Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2014, by and among StoneMor Operating, LLC, StoneMor Pennsylvania LLC and StoneMor Pennsylvania Subsidiary LLC, the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, and StoneMor Partners
L.P., solely in its capacity as guarantor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2014).  

10.17.3*   
    
 Amendment No. 2 to Lease Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2014, by and among StoneMor Operating, LLC, StoneMor Pennsylvania LLC, StoneMor Pennsylvania Subsidiary LLC, the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, and StoneMor Partners L.P.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014).  

10.18.1*   
    
 Asset Sale Agreement dated April 2, 2014, by and among StoneMor Operating LLC, StoneMor Florida LLC, StoneMor Florida Subsidiary LLC, StoneMor North Carolina LLC, StoneMor North Carolina Subsidiary LLC, StoneMor North Carolina
Funeral Services, Inc., Loewen [Virginia] LLC, Loewen [Virginia] Subsidiary, Inc., Rose Lawn Cemeteries LLC, Rose Lawn Cemeteries Subsidiary, Incorporated, StoneMor Pennsylvania LLC, StoneMor Pennsylvania Subsidiary LLC, CMS West Subsidiary LLC,
S.E. Funeral Homes of Florida, LLC, S.E. Cemeteries of Florida, LLC, S.E. Combined Services of Florida, LLC, S.E. Cemeteries of North Carolina, Inc., S.E. Funeral Homes of North Carolina, Inc., Montlawn Memorial Park, Inc., S.E. Cemeteries of
Virginia, LLC, SCI Virginia Funeral Services, Inc., George Washington Memorial Park, Inc., Sunset Memorial Park Company and S.E. Mid- Atlantic Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
April 8, 2014).  

10.18.2*   
    
 Asset Sale Agreement dated April 2, 2014, by and among StoneMor Operating LLC, StoneMor North Carolina LLC, StoneMor North Carolina Subsidiary LLC, Laurel Hill Memorial Park LLC, Laurel Hill Memorial Park Subsidiary, Inc.,
StoneMor Pennsylvania LLC, StoneMor Pennsylvania Subsidiary LLC, S.E. Cemeteries of North Carolina, Inc., Clinch Valley Memorial Cemetery, Inc., and S.E. Acquisition of Pennsylvania, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2014).  

10.19*   
    
 Common Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2014, by and between StoneMor Partners L.P. and American Cemeteries Infrastructure Investors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014).  

21.1**   
    
 Subsidiaries of Registrant.  

23.1   
    
 Consent of Deloitte   Touche LLP.  

31.1   
    
 Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) of Lawrence Miller, Chief Executive Officer President and Chairman of the Board of Directors.  

31.2   
    
 Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) of Sean P. McGrath, Chief Financial Officer.  

32.1   
    
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350) and Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) of Lawrence Miller, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
(furnished herewith).  

32.2   
    
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350) and Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) of Sean P. McGrath, Chief Financial Officer (furnished herewith).  

99.1*   
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of StoneMor GP LLC, dated as of May 21, 2014, entered into by StoneMor GP Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014).   
      82  

Table of Contents  

99.2**   
    
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 17, 2015, to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of StoneMor GP LLC, dated as of May 21, 2014, entered into by StoneMor GP Holdings, LLC.  

101   
    
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following Interactive Data Files formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014; (ii)
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013; (iii) Consolidated Statement of Partners  Capital; (iv) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013; and
(v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Users of this data are advised pursuant to Rule 401 of Regulation S-T that the information contained in the XBRL documents is unaudited and these are not the official publicly filed financial
statements of StoneMor Partners L.P.  

*  
  Incorporated by reference, as indicated     

**  
  Previously filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 as originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016.     

Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement     
      83  

<EX-23.1>
 2
 d274518dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1   
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-192670, 333-196913, 333-210264 on Form S-3, Registration
Statement No. 333-210265 on Form S-4 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-143863, 333-176789 and 333-203018 on Form S-8 of our reports relating to the consolidated financial statements of StoneMor Partners L.P. and subsidiaries
( Partnership ) dated February 29, 2016, November 9, 2016 as to the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 2, (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the restatement discussed
in Note 2), and our report relating to the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting dated February 29, 2016, November 9, 2016, as to the effects of the material weaknesses described in Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (as revised), (which report expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting because of material weaknesses), appearing in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of the Partnership for the year ended December 31, 2015.     /s/  Deloitte   Touche LLP  
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  
 November 9, 2016  
      84  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d274518dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1    
  CERTIFICATION     I, Lawrence Miller,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K/A, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, of StoneMor Partners
L.P.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   (b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 9, 2016       

By: 
   
   /s/ Lawrence Miller   
 
   Lawrence Miller   President and Chief
Executive Officer   (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d274518dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2    
  CERTIFICATION     I, Sean P. McGrath,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K/A, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, of StoneMor Partners
L.P.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   (b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 9, 2016       

By: 
   
   /s/ Sean P. McGrath   

Sean P. McGrath  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d274518dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1    
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
of the United States Code), the undersigned officer of StoneMor GP, LLC, the general partner of StoneMor Partners L.P. (the  Partnership ), does hereby certify with respect to the Annual Report of the Partnership on Form 10-K/A for
the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Report ) that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.    

/s/ Lawrence Miller  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
    
   Date: November 9, 2016   
   The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350
of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d274518dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2    
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
of the United States Code), the undersigned officer of StoneMor GP, LLC, the general partner of StoneMor Partners L.P. (the  Partnership ), does hereby certify with respect to the Annual Report of the Partnership on Form 10-K/A for
the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Report ) that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.    

/s/ Sean P. McGrath  

Chief Financial Officer 
    
   Date: November 9, 2016   
   The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350
of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 ston-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ston-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ston-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ston-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ston-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ston-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

