<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161020_10-Q_edgar_data_1390844_0001390844-16-000035_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7337075</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100219</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2223678</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1734581</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2286546</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>892156</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001390844-16-000035.hdr.sgml : 20161020
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161020070116
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001390844-16-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161020
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WABCO Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001390844
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		IRS NUMBER:				208481962
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33332
		FILM NUMBER:		161943503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2770 RESEARCH DRIVE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		248-270-9299

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2770 RESEARCH DRIVE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001390844-16-000035.txt : 20161020

10-Q
 1
 wbc10q9302016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
  x        QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
  o        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from                  to                 . 
  Commission file number 1-33332 
  WABCO Holdings Inc. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code +32 2 663 98 00 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      x    Yes      o    No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      x    Yes      o    No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).    
                           Large Accelerated Filer 
      
    x 
       
    Accelerated Filer 
      
    o 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
      
    o 
       
    Smaller Reporting Company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      o    Yes      x    No 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.    

Table of Contents  

WABCO HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  FORM 10-Q 
  For the Quarter ended   September 30, 2016 
                   Contents 

FORM 10-Q  
      
     2 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     3 
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
     3 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
     3 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
     4 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
     5 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
     6 
       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
     7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     20 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     30 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
     30 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
     31 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
     31 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     31 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
     31 
       SIGNATURE  
      
     32 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

WABCO HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    3 

Table of Contents  

WABCO HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

WABCO HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    5 

Table of Contents  

WABCO HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    6 

Table of Contents  

WABCO HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. 
    Basis of Financial Statement Presentation 
       
  WABCO Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively WABCO or the Company) engineers, develops, manufactures and sells integrated systems controlling advanced braking, stability, suspension and transmission automation as well as air compression  and processing primarily for commercial vehicles. WABCO s largest selling products are pneumatic anti-lock braking systems (ABS), electronic braking systems (EBS), electronic stability control (ESC), automated manual transmission systems, air disc brakes and a large variety of conventional mechanical products such as actuators, air compressors and air control valves for medium- and heavy-duty trucks, buses and trailers. In addition, we supply commercial vehicle aftermarket distributors and service partners as well as fleet operators with replacement parts, fleet management solutions, diagnostic tools, training and other expert services. WABCO sells its products primarily to four groups of customers around the world: truck and bus original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), trailer OEMs, commercial vehicle aftermarket distributors of replacement parts and services, and automotive OEMs. We also provide remanufacturing services globally. 
    
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial information and with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, including normal recurring items, considered necessary for a fair presentation of financial data have been included. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year. The condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Based on the organizational structure, as well as the nature of financial information available and reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker to assess performance and make decisions about resource allocations, the Company has concluded that its total WABCO operations represent one reportable segment and that WABCO s performance and future net cash flow perspectives are best understood and assessed as such.  All majority-owned subsidiaries of WABCO are included in the consolidated financial statements and intercompany transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. WABCO s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are included at cost plus its equity in undistributed earnings less dividends and changes in foreign currency in accordance with the equity method of accounting and reflected as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures in the consolidated balance sheet. Certain amounts in the prior year's condensed consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation as a result of the Company's adoption during the current year of new accounting standards. 
    
  Preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the condensed consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Notes 2 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, describe the most significant accounting estimates and policies used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results in these areas could differ materially from management s estimates. There have been no significant changes in the Company s assumptions regarding critical accounting estimates during the first   nine   months of   2016  .  

NOTE 2. 
    Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
       
  The adoption of recently issued accounting standards did not have a material impact on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update 2016-15 (ASU 2016-15)   Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which provides guidance on the presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows in order to reduce diversity in existing practice. ASU 2016-15 is effective for   
  
    7 

     Table of Contents  

interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect any material impact from adoption of this guidance on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09   Compensation - Stock Compensation  , in order to simplify certain aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liability, classification of excess tax benefits, and taxes withheld and paid on employee stock award vestings on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 requires that companies elect to account for forfeitures based on an estimate of the number of awards for which the requisite service period will not be rendered or to account for forfeitures as they occur. ASU 2016-09 is effective for the interim and annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted, and the Company adopted the provisions of ASU 2016-09 as of January 1, 2016. The impact from adoption of the provisions related to forfeiture rates was reflected in the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements on a modified retrospective basis, resulting in an adjustment of   $0.4 million   to retained earnings as of January 1, 2016. Provisions related to income taxes have been adopted prospectively resulting in a tax benefit of   $1.1 million   for the first quarter of 2016, and provisions related to the statement of cash flows have been adopted retrospectively. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02   Leases  , which requires lessees to recognize most leases on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for the interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of the adoption of this guidance on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern  , which provides guidance about management's responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt relating to an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures as applicable. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the interim and annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect any material impact from adoption of this guidance on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which is a new comprehensive revenue recognition standard on the financial reporting requirements for revenue from contracts entered into with customers. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The FASB subsequently deferred the effective date of this standard to December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted as of December 15, 2016.  The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of the adoption of this guidance on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3. 
     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
          
  The table below presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss for the   three   and   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  
    8 

     Table of Contents  

(1) Relates to intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long term investment nature, when the entities to the transaction are consolidated, combined or accounted for by the equity method in the Company's financial statements. 
    
  (2) The adjustment for the period is net of taxes of   $0.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . See Note 14 for further discussion. 
    
  (3) This accumulated other comprehensive loss component, net of taxes of   $1.1 million   and   $1.0 million   for the   three   months ended    September 30, 2016   and   2015   and   $3.4 million   and   $3.0 million   for the   nine   months ended    September 30, 2016   and   2015  , is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 13 for additional details. 

NOTE 4. 
     Financing Receivables 
       
  The Company's receivables available for financing include receivables from reputable state owned and public enterprises in China that are settled through bankers acceptance drafts, which are registered and endorsed to the Company. These notes receivable are fully guaranteed by banks and generally have contractual maturities of six months or less, but the ultimate recourse remains against the trade debtor. These guaranteed drafts are available for discounting with banking institutions in China or transferring to suppliers to settle liabilities. The total amount of notes receivable discounted or transferred for the first   nine   months of   2016    
  
    9 

     Table of Contents  

and   2015   were $  83.6 million   and   $62.6 million  , respectively. Expenses related to discounting these notes were   $0.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The fair value of these guaranteed notes receivable is determined based on Level 2 inputs including credit ratings and other criteria observable in the market. The fair value of these notes equal their carrying amounts of $  48.3 million   and $  53.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  The Company monitors the credit quality of both the drawers of the drafts and guarantors on a monthly basis by reviewing various factors such as payment history, level of state involvement in the institution, size, national importance as well as current economic conditions in China. Since the Company has not experienced any historical losses nor is expecting future credit losses based on a review of the various credit quality indicators described above, we have not established a loss provision against these receivables as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 

NOTE 5. 
    Net Income Attributable to Company per Share 
       
  Basic net income attributable to Company per share has been computed using the weighted average number of WABCO common shares outstanding. The average number of outstanding shares of common stock used in computing diluted net income attributable to Company per share includes weighted average incremental shares when the impact is not anti-dilutive. The weighted average incremental shares represent the net amount of shares the Company would issue upon the assumed exercise of in-the-money stock options and vesting of restricted stock units (RSUs) and deferred stock units (DSUs) after assuming that the Company would use the proceeds from the exercise of options to repurchase stock.  The weighted average incremental shares also includes the net amount of shares issuable for performance stock units (PSUs) at the end of the reporting period, if any, based on the number of shares issuable if the end of the period were the end of the vesting period. 

NOTE 6. 
    Capital Stock 
     The following is a summary of net shares outstanding and shares issued or reacquired during the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  .    

The Company accounts for purchases of treasury stock under the cost method with the costs of such share purchases reflected in treasury stock in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. When treasury shares are reissued, they are recorded at the average cost of the treasury shares acquired since the inception of the share repurchase programs, net of shares previously reissued and the Company reflects the difference between the average cost paid and the amount received for the reissued shares in capital surplus. As of   September 30, 2016   the Company has reissued a total of   41,637   treasury shares related to certain employee vestings under its equity incentive program. 
    
  On May 26, 2011, the Board of Directors approved the repurchase of shares in an amount not to exceed   $400 million  , which expired on May 31, 2013. On October 26, 2012, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to enter into an additional share repurchase program for   $400 million   of common shares. An additional repurchase program for   $200 million   of common shares  
  
    10 

     Table of Contents  

was further authorized on October 29, 2013. Both of these authorizations expired on December 31, 2014.  On December 5, 2014, the Board of Directors approved a repurchase program for an additional   $500 million   of common shares. This authorization expires on December 31, 2016. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has repurchased a total of $  1,408.5 million   of shares under these   four   repurchase programs, leaving an unexpended balance of $  63.3 million   available to repurchase shares in the future. The Company plans to continue to purchase shares at prevailing market prices.  The timing and amount of share repurchases, if any, will depend on a variety of factors, including, among other things, share price, market conditions and applicable regulatory requirements.   

NOTE 7. 
    Stock-Based Compensation 
       
  The Company records stock-based compensation based on the estimated fair value of the award at the grant date and recognizes that as an expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations over the requisite service period. The estimated fair value of the award is based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 
    
  As part of its equity incentive program, the Company grants PSUs, the vesting of which would occur, if at all, and at levels depending upon, the achievement of three-year cumulative goals tied to earnings per share. The Company assesses the expected achievement levels at the end of each reporting period. The grant date fair value of the number of awards expected to vest based on the Company s best estimate of ultimate performance against the respective targets is recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite vesting period of the awards. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company believes it is probable that the performance conditions will be met and has recognized compensation expense accordingly. 
    
  The Company also grants DSUs to its non-management directors as part of the equity portion of their annual retainer. The DSUs are fully vested at grant. Each DSU provides the right to the issuance of a share of our common stock, within ten days after the earlier of the director s death or disability, the 13-month anniversary of the grant date or the director s separation from service. Each director may also elect within a month after the grant date to defer the receipt of shares for five or more years. No election can be made to accelerate the issuance of stock from a DSU.  
    
  Total stock-based compensation cost recognized during the   three   and   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

The total number and type of awards granted during the periods presented and the related weighted-average grant-date fair values were as follows: 

The RSUs granted during the periods presented above have vesting terms as follow: 
  
    11 

     Table of Contents  

Senior Notes 
    
  On   May 8, 2015  , the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement) for the issuance of   $150 million   of   2.83%   senior unsecured notes due   June 25, 2022   (the Series A Notes),   $200 million   of   3.08%   senior unsecured notes due   June 25, 2025   (the Series B Notes) and   $150 million   of   3.18%   senior unsecured notes due   June 25, 2027    (the Series C Notes; and together with the Series A Notes and the Series B Notes, collectively, the Senior Notes). The Senior Notes were issued and funded on   June 25, 2015  . The Company paid approximately   $2.1 million   of debt issuance costs in connection with the Senior Notes, which has been presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as a direct reduction of the related debt liability.  Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year. As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding debt balance, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, was $  498.2 million  . 
    
  The proceeds from the Senior Notes were partially utilized to repay the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facilities. The remaining proceeds are intended to fund our share repurchase program, finance acquisitions, refinance existing indebtedness and meet general financing requirements. 
    
  Subject to certain conditions, the Company may, at its option, prepay all or part of the Senior Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of prepayment and certain penalties as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement.  The Company may also be required, subject to certain events and conditions, to make an offer to prepay all of the Senior Notes including any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of prepayment. Each holder has the option to accept or reject such offer to prepay. 
    
  The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, and financial covenants consisting of a consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization adjusted for certain items) ratio of not more than three times at the end of fiscal quarter based upon the preceding twelve consecutive months, as well as a consolidated EBITDA to consolidated net interest expense ratio of not less than three times at the end of fiscal quarter based upon the preceding twelve consecutive months. The Note Purchase Agreement also provides for customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in an acceleration of the Company's obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement.  We were in compliance with all of the covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  See also Note 16 for discussion of the Note Purchase Agreement recently entered into that will, upon closing, result in the additional issuance of an aggregate amount of    440 million   of senior unsecured notes. 
    
  Revolving Credit Facilities 
    
  On   July 8, 2011  , the Company entered into a   $400 million   multi-currency   five  -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility which was amended and restated on September 30, 2015 (the 2015 Facility, previously referred to as the 2011 Facility) to, among other things, extend the original expiry date (subject to two 1-year extension options) and amend the applicable margins on the original revolving credit facility. The term of the 2015 Facility was subsequently extended by an additional one year to expire on   September 30, 2021  . As of   September 30, 2016  , this is our principal bank credit facility. 
    
  On   December 17, 2014  , the Company entered into a new   $100 million   multi-currency   five  -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the 2014 Facility) which will expire on   December 17, 2019  . 
    
  Under the revolving credit facilities, the Company may borrow, on a revolving basis, loans in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not in excess of   $500 million  .  Up to   $30 million   under the 2015 Facility may be used for issuing letters of credit, of which   $30 million   was unused as of   September 30, 2016  , and up to   $50 million   is available in the form of swing line loans, all   $50 million   of which was available for use as of   September 30, 2016  .  

12 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the balance outstanding on these facilities: 

The carrying amounts of the facilities approximated fair value based upon Level 2 inputs as of each of the periods presented above. 
    
  Interest on loans under the revolving credit facilities will be calculated at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin, which can vary from   0.45%   to   1.00%   for both the 2014 Facility and the 2015 Facility based on the Company's leverage ratio, plus LIBOR for loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, EURIBOR for loans denominated in Euros, HIBOR for loans denominated in Hong Kong Dollars and SIBOR for loans denominated in Singapore Dollars, plus mandatory costs, if any.  
    
  The revolving credit facilities contain terms and provisions (including representations, covenants and conditions) customary for credit agreements of this type. Our primary financial covenant is a leverage test which requires net indebtedness not to exceed three times adjusted four quarter trailing EBITDA. Additional financial covenants include an interest coverage test and a maximum subsidiary indebtedness test.  The interest coverage test requires three times interest expense not to exceed adjusted four quarter trailing EBITDA.  The maximum subsidiary indebtedness test limits the total aggregate amount of indebtedness of WABCO's subsidiaries, excluding indebtedness under the facilities, to   $500 million   under both the 2014 Facility and the 2015 Facility, of which not more than   $150 million   may be secured. All cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on the balance sheet can be deducted for net indebtedness purposes. In addition, expenses and payments related to any streamlining of WABCO s operations are excluded when calculating the four quarter trailing adjusted EBITDA. Other covenants include delivery of financial reports and other information, compliance with laws including environmental laws and permits, ERISA and U.S. regulations, limitations on liens, mergers and sales of assets and change of business.  We were in compliance with all of the covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Other Debt 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company's various subsidiaries had borrowings from banks totaling   $2.2 million  , of which   $0.6 million   was classified as long-term debt. The remaining $  1.6 million   supports local working capital requirements. This is in comparison to   $5.7 million   as of   December 31, 2015   of which   $0.7 million   was classified as long-term debt. 

NOTE 9. 
    Warranties, Guarantees, Commitments and Contingencies 
     Warranties 
  Products sold by WABCO are covered by a basic limited warranty with terms and conditions that vary depending upon the product and country in which it was sold. The limited warranty covers the equipment, parts and labor (in certain cases) necessary to satisfy the warranty obligation generally for a period of   two   years. Estimated product warranty expenses are accrued in cost of goods sold at the time the related sale is recognized. Estimates of warranty expenses are based primarily on warranty claims experience and specific customer contracts. Warranty expenses include accruals for basic warranties for product sold, as well as accruals for product recalls, service campaigns and other related events when they are known and estimable. To the extent WABCO experiences changes in warranty claim activity or costs associated with servicing those claims, its warranty accrual is adjusted accordingly. Warranty accrual estimates are updated based upon the most current warranty claims information available. 
  The following is a summary of changes in the Company s product warranty liability for the   three   and   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
  
    13 

     Table of Contents  

In the third quarter of 2016, the Company initiated a recall and service campaign related to certain defects in components from one of our suppliers. The defective parts impacted certain shipments to our customers over a two month period. The Company currently estimates the costs of the warranty campaign to be $  28.3 million  .  These costs have almost entirely been offset by anticipated supplier recoveries of $  28.1 million  .  The Company expects the majority of this campaign to conclude in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  Guarantees and Commitments 
    
  The Company has uncollateralized bank guarantees for $  59.1 million  , of which $  54.6 million   is related to statutorily-required guarantees for tax and other litigation, $  0.4 million   is related to letters of credit, and $  4.1 million   is related to other individually immaterial items. 
    
  Right of Recourse 
    
  As discussed in Note 4, the Company may receive bankers acceptance drafts from customers in China in payment of outstanding accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business. These banker's acceptance drafts are non-interest bearing obligations of the issuing bank and     generally have contractual maturities of six months or less. The Company may use these bankers acceptance drafts prior to the scheduled maturity date to settle outstanding accounts payable with vendors. Bankers acceptance drafts transferred to vendors are subject to customary right of recourse provisions prior to their scheduled maturity date.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   $22.9 million   of bankers acceptance drafts subject to customary right of recourse provisions, which were transferred to vendors and had not reached their scheduled maturity date. Historically, the bankers acceptance drafts have settled upon maturity without any claim of recourse against the Company. 
    
  Contingencies 
    
  General 
    
  We are subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims related to products and other matters. We are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable and reasonably possible losses. A determination of the amount of liability to be recorded, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each individual issue. 
    
  Other 
    
  In conjunction with the Tax Sharing Agreement, as further discussed in Note 11, WABCO is responsible for certain tax and indemnification liabilities. These liabilities include probable indemnification liabilities to Trane of $  0.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . It is reasonably possible that the Company could incur losses in excess of the amount accrued. Although this amount cannot be estimated, we believe that any additional losses would not have a material adverse impact on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

The income tax expense was   $105.1 million   on pretax income of   $274.5 million   before adjusting for noncontrolling interest for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   $31.8 million   on pretax income of   $216.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Income tax expense is the net result of taxes on the mix of earnings in multiple tax jurisdictions, foreign tax credits and rulings, the assessment and accrual of uncertain tax positions resulting from tax authority audits or changes in the interpretation of the law.  
    
  The Company has operations and a taxable presence in 28 countries outside the United States and all of these countries have a tax rate that is lower than the rate in the U.S.. The countries in which the Company has a material presence include Belgium, China, Germany, India, the Netherlands and Poland. Belgium has historically had the largest impact on the Company s effective tax rate primarily because of the Company s participation in the Belgian Excess Profit Ruling (EPR) program. During 2016, Belgium continues to have a significant beneficial impact on the Company's effective tax rate due to the reasons explained below. In Q3 2016, the estimated GAAP effective tax rate for the year before discrete tax items is   19%  . In the current year, none of the other foreign jurisdictions in which the Company has operations (including any individual tax benefit or provision within such jurisdiction) has an impact equal or greater than 5% on the Company s effective tax rate. 
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the income tax provision included a non-cash tax expense of   $86.4 million   related to the EPR program which the Company qualified for from January 1, 2012. See discussion below for further details regarding the EPR program. This tax provision was reduced in the third quarter of 2016 by $  17.2 million   to reflect the amount originally estimated for the EPR benefit for 2015 but which the Company did not apply in its 2015 Belgium tax return filed in September 2016. In addition, a tax provision relating to uncertain tax positions of $  10.6 million   was released in the current quarter due to expiration of the statute of  limitations for the tax years in question.  
    
  On January 11, 2016, the European Commission ruled that the EPR program permitted under Belgian law is illegal and incompatible with European State Aid law (hereinafter referred to as the "Decision"). As a result, the European Commission requires Belgium to stop applying the EPR program and to recover all past tax benefits received by applicable companies under the program (i.e. a  clawback ). As stated above, the Company recorded an income tax provision of   $86.4 million   in Q1 2016 with respect to the clawback of the tax benefits obtained under the EPR program for tax years 2012 to 2015. This income tax provision should not have any cash impact because the Company has net operating losses available to deduct against any incremental taxable profit. 
    
  The Belgium Government has announced that it has submitted an appeal of the Decision to the General Court of the European Union (General Court). During Q3 2016 the Company submitted a separate appeal, since it is directly affected by the Decision. If the appeal is successful, the EPR tax reserve of   $69.8 million   may be entirely or partly reversed. The income tax provision of   $69.8 million   consists of the   $86.4 million   established during Q1 2016 which was reduced by   $17.2 million   during Q3 2016 as a result of filing the 2015 Belgian tax return without claiming the EPR benefit and increased by   $0.6 million   related to the effect of cumulative translation adjustment. 
    
  After several months of discussions with the Belgian government, on July 12, 2016, WABCO received a ruling from the Belgium Government confirming that it may claim a Patent Income Deduction (PID) tax relief for both 2015 and 2016. The benefit for 2016 remains within our Q3 2016 provision and the benefit for 2015 was recognized for the first time in Q3 2016 upon filing the Belgium tax return.  
    
  With respect to the clawback, we understand that the Belgium Government is in discussions with the European Commission on the procedures to determine how affected companies may take advantage of alternative tax relief programs that may have been available to them during the years they qualified for the EPR program. We are currently assessing the extent to which  we would be eligible to claim alternative tax reliefs for years prior to 2015. We will only recognize alternative tax benefits related to prior years when it is probable that such alternative tax reliefs can be claimed and amended tax returns have been submitted to the Belgium tax authorities.  
    
  Unrecognized tax benefits at   September 30, 2016   amounted to $  74.8 million  , of which $  2.8 million   was classified as a long-term liability.  The remaining unrecognized tax benefits of $  72.0 million  , including the   $69.8 million   related to the clawback under the EPR program, were classified as a reduction to deferred tax assets, since they are non-cash unrecognized tax benefits.  During  
  
    15 

     Table of Contents  

Q3 2016, the Company released a reserve for previously unrecognized tax benefits of   $10.6 million   due to the expiration of statute of limitations.  The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.   
    
  The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various state and foreign jurisdictions. With no material exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local or foreign examinations by tax authorities for years before 2008. 

NOTE 11. 
    Tax and Indemnification Liabilities Transferred from Trane to WABCO 
       
  Pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement between Trane and WABCO, entered into on July 16, 2007, and other agreements with Trane as filed in WABCO s Form 10 prior to its spin-off from Trane, WABCO is responsible for certain tax contingencies and indemnification liabilities. As discussed in Note 9, the Company had indemnification liabilities of $  0.7 million   which were classified within long-term liabilities on the balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Under an indemnification agreement, WABCO Brazil is responsible for certain claims related to its business for periods prior to the spin-off of WABCO from Trane. In particular, there are tax claims pending in various stages of the Brazilian legal process related to income, social contribution and/or value added taxes for which a contingency exists and which may or may not ultimately be incurred by the Company. The estimated total amount of the contingency as of   September 30, 2016   was $  49.9 million   including interest. However, based on management s assessment and advice of our external legal counsel, the Company believes that it has valid arguments in all of these cases and thus no accrual is required at this time.  

NOTE 12. 
    Streamlining Expenses 
       
  The Company accounts for employee-related streamlining charges as either a one-time benefit arrangement or an ongoing benefit arrangement as appropriate. From time to time the Company also has streamlining charges that are not related to employees, such as facility exit costs. 
    
  In the third quarter of 2015, the Company announced proposals to cease manufacturing at two production facilities to preserve the Company s global competitiveness for certain mechanical products. These proposals are expected to result in a workforce reduction of approximately 320 positions and includes a smaller program initiated in the fourth quarter of 2014 (the 2014/2015 Program). We currently anticipate that production at both facilities would be transferred to other facilities within the Company s globally integrated supply chain by the end of 2017. 
    
  Based on the Company s efforts to maintain our global footprint, the Company has periodically entered into other streamlining programs as deemed necessary which may include workforce reductions, site closures and rotation of manufacturing footprint to low cost regions (Other Programs).  
    
  The following is a summary of changes in the Company s streamlining program liabilities for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  .  

16 

     Table of Contents  

A balance of $  39.0 million   has been included in other liabilities (non-current) and $  22.0 million   has been included in other accrued liabilities (current) as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  The following is a summary of current and cumulative streamlining costs related to the above programs: 

NOTE 13. 
    Post-retirement Benefits 
       
  Post-retirement pension, health and life insurance costs had the following components for the   three   and   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The Company makes contributions to funded pension plans that, at a minimum, meet all statutory funding requirements. Contributions in   2016  , as well as payments of benefits incurred by unfunded plans, were in line with the expectations for   2016   and also in line with the contributions made during   2015  . 
    
  Defined benefit plan cost is included in selling and administrative expenses and cost of sales on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

NOTE 14. 
    Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
       
  ASC 815,   Derivatives and Hedging  , requires a company to recognize all of its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as a relationship hedge. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, a company must designate the hedging instrument, based upon the exposure being hedged, as a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge, or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation.  
       
  The Company recognizes all derivative financial instruments on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at fair value using Level 2 inputs and these are classified as  other current assets,   other assets,   other accrued liabilities  or  other liabilities  on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Level 2 inputs used by the Company in valuing its derivative instruments include model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.   
       
  The earnings impact resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments is recorded in the same line item in the condensed consolidated statement of operations as the underlying exposure being hedged or in accumulated other comprehensive income for derivatives that qualify and have been designated as cash flow hedges or hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.  Any ineffective portion of a financial instrument's change in fair value is recognized in earnings together with changes in the fair value of any derivatives not designated as relationship hedges.  
    
  Cash Flow Hedges 
  
    17 

     Table of Contents  

During the first quarter of 2015, the Company entered into and settled treasury rate lock agreements which were designated as cash flow hedges in anticipation of issuing the Senior Notes as discussed in Note 8.  A loss related to these cash flow hedges of   $1.3 million  , net of taxes of   $0.7 million  , was recognized in other comprehensive income at the time of settlement. The related amount of hedge ineffectiveness was immaterial. The amount of unrealized loss reclassified to earnings for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.2 million  . 
    
  Net Investment Hedges 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company entered into forward contracts with an aggregate notional amount of    100.0 million   (  $112.2 million   at September 30, 2016 exchange rates) that were designated as partial hedges of the foreign currency exposure of its investments in certain Euro-denominated wholly-owned subsidiaries. These contracts mature in   November 2016  . The amount of unrealized loss related to these contracts recognized in other comprehensive income for the period ended   September 30, 2016   was immaterial. There was no hedge ineffectiveness. 
    
  Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges 
    
  Foreign exchange contracts are also used by the Company to offset the earnings impact relating to the variability in exchange rates on certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies and have not been designated as relationship hedges. As of   September 30, 2016  , forward contracts for an aggregate notional amount of    99.1 million   ($  111.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   exchange rates) were outstanding with an average duration of   one   month. These foreign exchange contracts have offset the revaluation of assets and liabilities. The combined net non-operating gain for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  0.3 million  . The majority of these exchange contracts were entered into on   September 30, 2016  . The fair value of these derivatives was   zero   at   September 30, 2016  .   

NOTE 15.   
    Business Combinations 
       
  Acquisition of MICO, Inc. 
    
  On   February 1, 2016  , the Company acquired MICO, Inc. (MICO) for cash consideration of   $67.2 million  , excluding cash acquired of   $6.4 million  , resulting in net cash paid of   $60.8 million  . MICO manufactures and markets hydraulic components, controls and brake systems for heavy-duty, off-highway vehicles in agriculture, construction, mining and similar industries. 
    
  The allocation of the purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date is provisional as of   September 30, 2016  , pending receipt of a final valuation. The following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the net purchase consideration: 

The intangible assets include amounts recognized for the fair value of trade name, customer-based and technology-related assets. The fair values of the intangible assets were determined based on an income and cost approach. The intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average useful life of approximately   11   years and are deductible for tax purposes.  The goodwill generated is primarily attributable to expected synergies and is deductible for tax purposes.  The transaction-related costs were expensed as incurred and were recorded within other non-operating expense. The pro forma effects of this acquisition would not  
  
    18 

     Table of Contents  

materially impact the Company's reported results for any period presented and as a result, no pro forma financial statements have been presented. 
    
  Acquisition of Laydon Composites Ltd. 
    
  On   April 15, 2016  , the Company acquired Laydon Composites Ltd. (LCL), a manufacturer of aerodynamic devices for heavy-duty trucks and trailers, for total consideration of   $34.2 million  . The Company paid   $31.1 million  , excluding cash acquired of   $0.8 million  , with additional contingent consideration of up to   $4.3 million   contingent upon the achievement of certain goals tied to annual and cumulative sales and earnings over a three year period. The range of undiscounted amounts the Company could be required to pay under this arrangement is between $  0   and   $4.3 million  . As of the closing date of the acquisition, the contingent consideration was assigned a fair value of approximately   $3.1 million  . 
    
  The allocation of the purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date is provisional as of   September 30, 2016  , pending receipt of a final valuation of tangible and intangible assets. The following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the net purchase consideration: 
    
                     (Amounts in millions) 
      
      Purchase price, cash consideration 
    $ 
    31.1 
      
      Purchase price, fair value of contingent consideration 
    3.1 
      
         Net purchase consideration 
    $ 
    34.2 

Cash and cash equivalents 
    $ 
    0.8 
      
      Intangible assets 
    16.3 
      
      Other assets acquired 
    3.2 
      
      Deferred tax liabilities 
    (4.3 
    ) 
      Other liabilities assumed 
    (1.0 
    ) 
         Identifiable net assets acquired 
    $ 
    15.0 
      
      Goodwill 
    19.2 
      
         Net purchase consideration 
    $ 
    34.2 

The intangible assets include amounts recognized for the fair value of trade name, customer-based and technology-related assets. The fair values of the intangible assets were determined based on an income and cost approach. The intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average useful life of approximately   18   years and are not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill generated is primarily attributable to expected synergies and is not deductible for tax purposes.  The transaction-related costs were expensed as incurred and were recorded within other non-operating expense. The pro forma effects of this acquisition would not materially impact the Company's reported results for any period presented and as a result, no pro forma financial statements have been presented. 
    
  Other Acquisitions 
    
  On February 1, 2016, the Company acquired assets from Trans-Safety LOCKS GmbH for $  1.9 million  . 

NOTE 16. Subsequent Events 
    
  On   October 17, 2016  , the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the EUR Note Purchase Agreement) relating to the issuance of an aggregate amount of    440 million   of senior unsecured notes (collectively, the Senior EUR Notes) as follows: 

The Senior EUR Notes are expected to be issued and funded on   November 15, 2016  . Interest on the Senior EUR Notes will be payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing July 1, 2017.  The proceeds from the Senior EUR Notes are expected to be partially utilized to repay outstanding balances on our revolving credit facilities. The remaining proceeds are intended to fund our share repurchase program, finance acquisitions and meet general financing requirements. 
    
  Subject to certain conditions, the Company may, at its option, prepay all or part of the Senior EUR Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of prepayment and certain penalties as defined in the EUR Note Purchase Agreement.  The Company may also be required, subject to certain events and conditions, to make an offer to prepay all of the Senior EUR Notes including any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of prepayment. Each holder has the option to accept or reject such offer to prepay. 

19 

     Table of Contents  

The EUR Note Purchase Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, and financial covenants consisting of a consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization adjusted for certain items) ratio of not more than three times at the end of fiscal quarter based upon the preceding twelve consecutive months, as well as a consolidated EBITDA to consolidated net interest expense ratio of not less than three times at the end of fiscal quarter based upon the preceding twelve consecutive months. The EUR Note Purchase Agreement also provides for customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in an acceleration of the Company's obligations under the EUR Note Purchase Agreement.   
    
  The Company also agreed to indemnify the note purchasers holding Senior EUR Notes that are subject to a swap agreement for certain losses associated with swap breakage resulting from the Company's failure to issue the Senior EUR Notes on the closing date, from a prepayment of the Senior EUR Notes or from an acceleration of the Senior EUR Notes as a result of an event of default. 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     Executive Overview 
       
  Our sales for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period one year ago increased by   4.9%   on a reported basis and   5.2%   excluding foreign currency translation effects, while global truck and bus production declined   1%   year-over-year. Acquisitions contributed   2.1%   to our sales growth, both on a reported basis and excluding foreign currency translation effects. Our global aftermarket sales increased   4.5%   (  4.1%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) in the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
    
  During the   third   quarter of   2016  , the WABCO Operating System (WOS) continued to enable fast and flexible responses to major market changes, delivering   $20.9 million   of materials and conversion productivity, a continued solid performance for us. Gross materials productivity represented   5.4%   of total materials cost, while deflation in raw material prices resulted in net materials productivity of   5.9%  . Conversion productivity represented   7.1%  , a continued robust result for us. In addition, we did not have the same levels of streamlining costs as incurred one year ago, which contributed to an increase in gross profit of   $48.1 million   (  $49.2 million   excluding foreign currency translation effects). 
       
  As previously disclosed in our 2015 Form 10-K and further discussed in Note 10 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, on January 11, 2016 the European Commission ruled that the Excess Profit Ruling (EPR) program granted by the Belgian Government is illegal and incompatible with European State Aid law.  As a result, the European Commission requires Belgium to stop applying the EPR program and to recover all past tax benefits received by applicable companies under the program (i.e. a  clawback ). The Belgium Government has announced that it has submitted an appeal of the Decision to the General Court of the European Union (General Court). The income tax provision of   $86.4 million   established during Q1 2016 was reduced by $17.2 million during Q3 2016 as a result of filing the 2015 Belgian tax return without claiming the EPR benefit. During Q3 2016 the Company submitted a separate appeal, since it is directly affected by the Decision. If the appeal is successful, the EPR tax reserve of   $69.8 million   may be entirely or partly reversed. 
    
  On July 12, 2016 WABCO received a ruling from the Belgian Government confirming that it may claim a Patent Income Deduction (PID) tax relief for both 2015 and 2016.  The benefit for 2016 remains within our Q3 2016 provision and the benefit for 2015 was recognized for the first time in Q3 2016 upon filing the Belgium tax return.  We expect the 2016 benefit to be between   $17 million   to   $20 million   and that the total benefit for both years to be between $  36 million   to $  39 million  . We are currently assessing the extent to which we would be eligible to claim alternative tax benefits for years prior to 2015. We will only recognize alternative tax benefits related to prior years when it is probable that such alternative tax benefits can be claimed and amended tax returns have been submitted to the Belgium tax authorities. 
  Results of Operations 
  Approximately   86%   of our sales are outside the United States, and therefore changes in exchange rates can have a significant impact on the reported results of our operations, which are presented in U.S. dollars. Quarter-over-quarter changes in sales, cost of sales, gross profit and expenses for   2016   compared with   2015   are presented both with and without the effects of foreign currency translation. Changes in sales, cost of sales, gross profit and expenses excluding foreign exchange effects are calculated using current year sales, cost of sales, gross profit and expenses translated at prior year exchange rates. Presenting changes in sales, cost of sales, gross profit and expenses excluding the effects of foreign currency translation is not in conformity with U.S. GAAP, but management analyzes the data in this manner because it is useful to us in understanding the operating performance of our business. We believe this data is also useful to shareholders for the same reason. The changes in sales, cost of sales, gross profit and expenses  
  
    20 

     Table of Contents  

excluding the effects of foreign exchange translation are not meant to be a substitute for measurements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, nor to be considered in isolation.   
  
    21 

     Table of Contents  

Third   Quarter Results of Operations for   2016   Compared with   2015 

* Percentage change not meaningful  
  ** Amounts translated using average exchange rates for the three month period ending   September 30, 2015 
    
  Sales 
    
  Our sales for the   third   quarter of   2016   were $  675.4 million  , an increase of   4.9%   (  5.2%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) from   $643.6 million   in   2015  .  
    
  Total sales in Europe, our largest market, increased approximately   4.1%   (  4.5%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) for the   third   quarter of   2016  . This increase was primarily driven by increased content per vehicle including contributions from the advanced emergency braking systems (AEBS) mandate, further ramp-up of air disc brakes (ADB) at a key customer, and an increase of our market share of automated manual transmission (AMT), partly offset by an approximately   2%   decline in European original equipment manufacturer production. 
    
  Sales in North America decreased   13.2%   (  11.8%   excluding foreign currency translation effects), driven by an estimated   25%   decrease in production of new trucks and buses, while the heavy duty segment dropped approximately 35% on which WABCO has a higher value per vehicle, partially offset by the impact from recently acquired companies MICO and LCL. Sales in South America increased   23.3%   (  13.4%   excluding foreign currency translation effects), driven by a favorable product mix in the region, more than offsetting an estimated   8%   decline in the production of new trucks and buses in the region.  
    
  Total sales in Asia increased   20.3%   (  19.3%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) compared to an estimated   9%   increase in new vehicle production in the region. The sales in China grew   42.5%   (  50.7%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) which was primarily supported by increased WABCO value per vehicle, higher penetration rate of ABS on light duty vehicles as well as by an estimated increase of 28% in truck and bus production. The sales in India increased   2.7%   (  5.8%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) driven by higher ABS content per vehicle which more than offset the decline in vehicle production, and Japan increased   19.1%   (  zero   excluding foreign currency translation effects). Sales in Korea however decreased   6.0%   (  7.2%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) following subsequent low vehicle production levels of new trucks and buses.  
    
  WABCO's aftermarket sales, included in the geographic numbers provided above, increased by   4.5%   (  4.1%   excluding foreign currency translation effects), despite market headwinds from NAFTA, the Middle East, China and Turkey. This increase demonstrates the continued success of the Company's aftermarket strategies.  
    
  Cost of Sales and Gross Profit 
    
  Within cost of sales, our largest expense is material costs, which mainly represents the purchase of components and parts. Our continued focus on productivity generated   7.1%   of production and conversion cost savings, as well as   5.4%   of material savings before the impact of commodity deflation, which had a positive impact of   0.5%  , bringing net materials productivity to   5.9%   for the year.  
  
    22 

     Table of Contents  

*      Foreign exchange impacts include both translational and transactional effects.  
    
  Operating Expenses 
    
  Operating expenses include selling and administrative expenses, product engineering expenses and other operating expenses. 

Equity Income of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
    
  Equity in net income of unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by $  3.1 million   to $  6.4 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016   as compared to $  9.5 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015  , primarily driven by lower income from our North American joint venture due to the market decline. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  The income tax expense for the   third   quarter of   2016   was a benefit of   $16.4 million   on pre-tax income of $  83.9 million   before adjusting for noncontrolling interest, compared with a benefit of $  5.2 million   on pre-tax income of   $36.1 million   before adjusting for noncontrolling interest in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  In the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , the income tax provision was primarily the net result of taxes on the mix of earnings in multiple tax jurisdictions, foreign tax credits and rulings, and the assessment and accrual of uncertain tax positions resulting from tax authority audits or changes in the  
  
    23 

     Table of Contents  

interpretation of the law.  The income tax provision in the three months ended September 30, 2015 also included the reversal of reserves for previously unrecognized uncertain tax positions.  

Year to Date Results of Operations for   2016   Compared with   2015 

*  Percentage change not meaningful 
  ** Amounts translated using average exchange rates for the   nine   month period ending   September 30, 2015 
    
  Sales 
    
  Our sales for the first   nine   months of   2016   were $  2,096.3 million  , an increase of   7.1%   (  8.8%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) from $  1,956.9 million   in   2015  .  
    
  Total sales in Europe, our largest market, increased approximately   8.6%   (  9.1%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to an estimated   4%   growth in European new truck and bus production. This increase was also driven by increased content per vehicle.  
    
  Sales in North America decreased   7.1%   (  5.3%   excluding foreign currency translation effects), driven by an estimated   15%   decrease in production of new trucks and buses. Sales in South America decreased   7.9%   (increased   3.8%   excluding foreign currency translation effects), where favorable product mix as well as increased content per vehicle helped to offset the impact from a   21%   decline in the production of new trucks and buses. 
    
  Total sales in Asia increased   16.3%   (  18.3%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) compared to an estimated   11%   increase in new vehicle production in the region. This sales growth was mainly driven by an increase in WABCO content per vehicle in India supported by the ABS mandate as well as a strong increase in new builds in China. Sales in India increased   30.6%   (  38.0%   excluding foreign currency translation effects), China increased   14.0%   (  20.2%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) and Japan increased   14.2%   (  2.5%   excluding foreign currency translation effects). Sales in Korea however decreased   11.8%   (  9.0%   excluding foreign currency translation effects) driven by low vehicle production volumes impacted by a slow-down in exports.  
    
  WABCO's aftermarket sales, included in the geographic numbers provided above, increased by   3.9%   (  5.6%   excluding foreign currency translation effects). This increase demonstrates the continued success of the Company's aftermarket strategies.  

Cost of Sales and Gross Profit 
    
  Within cost of sales, our largest expense is material costs, which mainly represents the purchase of components and parts. Our continued focus on productivity generated   6.6%   of production and conversion cost savings, as well as   5.5%   of material savings before the impact of commodity deflation, which had a positive impact of   0.5%  , bringing net materials productivity to   6.0%   for the year.  
  
    24 

     Table of Contents  

*      Foreign exchange impacts include both translational and transactional effects.  
    
  Operating Expenses 
    
  Operating expenses include selling and administrative expenses, product engineering expenses and other operating expenses. 

Equity Income of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
    
  Equity in net income of unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by   $5.1 million   to   $18.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $24.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily driven by lower income from our North American joint venture due to the market decline. 
    
  Interest Expense, net 
    
  Interest expense was   $9.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $4.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , mainly as a result of interest expense incurred on our Senior Notes issued in 2015 as discussed in Note 8 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Income Taxes 
    
  The income tax expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $105.1 million   on pre-tax income of   $274.5 million   before adjusting for noncontrolling interest, compared with an expense of   $31.8 million   on pre-tax income of   $216.2 million   before adjusting for noncontrolling interest for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , the income tax provision was primarily the net result of the mix of earnings in multiple tax jurisdictions, foreign tax credits and rulings, and the assessment and accrual of uncertain tax positions resulting from tax authority audits or changes in the interpretation of the law. 
    
  As previously disclosed in our 2015 Form 10-K and further discussed in Note 10 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, on January 11, 2016 the European Commission ruled that the excess profit ruling (EPR)  program  granted by the Belgian Government is illegal and incompatible with European State Aid law. As a result, the European Commission requires Belgium to stop applying the EPR program and to recover all past tax benefits received by applicable companies under the program (i.e. a  clawback ). The Belgium Government has announced that it has submitted an appeal of the Decision to the General Court of the European Union (General Court). The income tax provision of $86.4 million established during Q1 2016 was reduced by $17.2 million during Q3 2016 as a result of filing the 2015 Belgian tax return without claiming the EPR benefit.  During Q3 2016 the Company submitted a separate appeal, since it is directly affected by the Decision. If the appeal is successful, the EPR tax reserve of $69.8 million may be entirely or partly reversed. 
    
  On July 12, 2016 WABCO received a ruling from the Belgian Government confirming that it may claim a Patent Income Deduction (PID) tax relief  for both 2015 and 2016. The benefit for 2016 remains within our Q3 2016 provision and the benefit for 2015 was recognized for the first time in Q3 2016 upon filing  the Belgium tax return.  We expect the 2016 benefit to be between $17 million to $20 million and that the total benefit for both years to be between $36 million to $39 million. We are currently assessing the extent to which we would be eligible  to claim alternative tax benefits  for years prior to 2015. We will only recognize alternative tax benefits related to prior years when it is probable that such alternative tax benefits can be claimed and amended tax returns have been submitted to the Belgium tax authorities. 

26 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We employ several means to manage our liquidity, and we are not dependent upon any one source of funding. Our sources of financing include cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, our senior unsecured notes, revolving credit facilities and the use of operating leases.  
  Cash Flows for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  Operating activities -   Net cash provided by operating activities was $  288.6 million   and   $283.4 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company recorded net income including noncontrolling interests of   $169.4 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared with net income of $  184.4 million   for the first   nine   months of   2015  . Net income attributable to the Company in   2016   included noncash elements such as depreciation and amortization of $  72.0 million   and post-retirement benefit expense of   $31.8 million  . Our use of working capital amounted to $  53.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  47.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This use of working capital was due primarily to higher levels of accounts receivables and inventory resulting from increased business, partially offset by a higher level of accounts payable. 
    
  Other accrued liabilities and taxes increased $  77.5 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to an increase of $  37.5 million   for the first   nine   months of   2015  . The major driver of this increase in 2016 is due to higher accruals for tax-related items as well as higher warranty accruals as discussed in Note 9 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Other current and long-term assets for the first   nine   months of   2016   increased $  61.1 million   compared to an increase of $  21.3 million   for the first   nine   months of   2015  . This increase was mainly driven by supplier prepayments on warranty claims as well as an increase in tax-related items, partially offset by a decrease in guaranteed notes receivable in China. Other long-term liabilities for the first   nine   months of   2016   decreased $  31.7 million   compared to an increase of $  33.4 million   for the first   nine   months of   2015  , primarily driven by the continued shift from non-current to current liabilities on our streamlining accruals primarily related to our 2014/2015 Program as discussed in Note 12 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Investing activities -   Net cash used in investing activities amounted to $  170.6 million   and   $131.6 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The net cash usage for   2016   includes capital expenditures of $  27.2 million   of investments in tooling, $  40.4 million   in plant and equipment and $  7.5 million   in software to support the Company's long-term growth strategies. This is compared to $  27.6 million   of investments in tooling, $  32.3 million   in plant and equipment and $  7.7 million   in software during the first   nine   months of   2015  .   
    
  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , we entered into   $84.8 million   of repurchase agreements and received   $38.9 million   from the maturity of a repurchase agreement, all of which were classified within other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. We also received   $44.3 million   from the sale of short-term investments.  In 2016, we paid a total of   $93.0 million   for business acquisitions as well as   $0.9 million   for an additional minority stake in SmartDrive Systems. In comparison, during the first   nine   months of   2015  , we purchased   $44.0 million   of short-term investments and acquired an initial minority stake in SmartDrive Systems for   $20.0 million  .  
    
  Financing activities   - Net cash provided by financing activities amounted to $  64.0 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to $  7.3 million   for the first   nine   months of   2015  .  Our total third-party debt increased   $257.6 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $187.2 million   for the first   nine   months of   2015  . This increase was primarily driven by additional borrowings on our revolving credit facilities, mainly to finance our acquisitions of MICO and LCL, and also to fund our share repurchase program.  
    
  During the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , we repurchased shares for a total amount of   $187.5 million   and   $186.8 million  , respectively.  We  received $  3.2 million   of stock option proceeds in   2016   compared with $  16.8 million   in   2015  . We also withheld   $6.0 million   of shares during the first   nine   months of   2016   related to employee tax payments made during the period for equity award vestings, as compared to   $5.0 million   during the first   nine   months of   2015  . 
  Senior Notes 
    
  On   May 8, 2015  , the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement) for the issuance of   $150 million   of   2.83%   senior unsecured notes due   June 25, 2022   (the Series A Notes),   $200 million   of   3.08%   senior unsecured notes due   June 25, 2025   (the Series B Notes) and   $150 million   of   3.18%   senior unsecured notes due   June 25, 2027    (the Series C Notes; and together with the Series A Notes and the Series B Notes, collectively, the Senior Notes). The Senior Notes were issued and funded on   June 25, 2015  . The Company paid approximately   $2.1 million   of debt issuance costs in connection with the Senior  
  
    27 

     Table of Contents  

Notes, the balance of which has been presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as a direct reduction of the related debt liability.  Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year.  
    
  The proceeds from the Senior Notes were partially utilized to repay the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facilities. The remaining proceeds are intended to fund our share repurchase program, finance acquisitions, refinance existing indebtedness and meet general financing requirements. 
    
  The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, and financial covenants consisting of a consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization adjusted for certain items) ratio and a consolidated EBITDA to consolidated net interest expense ratio of not less than three times at the end of fiscal quarter, always based upon the preceding twelve consecutive months. The Note Purchase Agreement also provides for customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in an acceleration of the Company's obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement. We were in compliance with all of the covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Credit Facilities 
       
  On   July 8, 2011  , the Company entered into a   $400 million   multi-currency   five  -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility which was amended and restated on September 30, 2015 (the 2015 Facility) to, among other things, extend the original expiry date subject to two 1-year extension options and amend the applicable margins on the original revolving credit facility. This facility will expire on   September 30, 2021  . 
    
  On   December 17, 2014  , the Company entered into a new   $100 million   multi-currency   five  -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the 2014 Facility) which will expire on   December 17, 2019  . 
    
  Under the revolving credit facilities, the Company may borrow, on a revolving basis, loans in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not in excess of   $500 million  , of which $  239.0 million   was unused as of   September 30, 2016  . The proceeds from the revolving credit facilities are available to finance acquisitions, refinance existing indebtedness and meet general financing requirements. 
    
  Also, various subsidiaries had borrowings from banks totaling   $2.2 million  , of which   $0.6 million   was classified as long-term debt. The remaining $  1.6 million   supports local working capital requirements. 
  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
    
  Foreign exchange contracts are used by the Company to offset the earnings impact relating to the variability in exchange rates on certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies and have not been designated as relationship hedges. As of   September 30, 2016  , forward contracts for an aggregate notional amount of    99.1 million   ($  111.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   exchange rates) were outstanding with an average duration of   one   month. These foreign exchange contracts have offset the revaluation of assets and liabilities and resulted in a net non-operating gain of $  0.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The majority of these exchange contracts were entered into on   September 30, 2016  .  The fair value of these derivatives was   zero   as of   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  During the first quarter of 2015, the Company entered into and settled treasury rate lock agreements which were designated as cash flow hedges in anticipation of issuing the Senior Notes.  A loss related to these cash flow hedges of   $1.3 million  , net of taxes of   $0.7 million  , was recognized in other comprehensive income at the time of settlement.  
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company entered into forward contracts with an aggregate notional amount of    100.0 million   (  $112.2 million   at September 30, 2016 exchange rates) that were designated as partial hedges of the foreign currency exposure of its investments in certain Euro-denominated wholly-owned subsidiaries. These contracts mature in   November 2016  . The amount of unrealized loss related to these contracts recognized in other comprehensive income for the period ended   September 30, 2016   was immaterial.  
    
  The total amount of unrealized loss reclassified to earnings for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.2 million  . 
  Aggregate Contractual Obligations 
    
  The Company has contractual obligations for debt, operating leases, tax indemnifications, purchase obligations, unfunded pension and post-retirement benefit plans and tax liabilities that were summarized in a table of aggregate contractual obligations  
  
    28 

     Table of Contents  

for the year ended   December 31, 2015   disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to those obligations since   December 31, 2015  . 
  Information Concerning Forward Looking Statements 
    
  Certain of the statements contained in this report (other than the historical financial data and other statements of historical fact), including, without limitation, statements as to management s expectations and beliefs, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements were based on various facts and were derived utilizing numerous important assumptions and other important factors, and changes in such facts, assumptions or factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our future financial performance, financial condition, liquidity, business strategy, projected plans and objectives. Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words  believes ,  expects ,  anticipates ,  strategies ,  prospects ,  intends ,  projects ,  estimates ,  continues ,  evaluates ,  forecasts ,  seeks ,  plans ,  goals ,  potential ,  may increase ,  may fluctuate  and similar expression or future or conditional verbs such as  will,   should,   would,   may  and  could  are generally forward looking in nature and not historical facts. This report includes important information as to risk factors in  Item 1A. Risk Factors , and  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations, including: 

the actual level of commercial vehicle production in our end-markets; 

adverse developments in the business of our key customers; 

periodic changes to contingent liabilities; 

adverse developments in general business, economic and political conditions or any outbreak or escalation of hostilities on a national, regional or international basis; 

changes in international or U.S. economic conditions, such as inflation, interest rate fluctuations, foreign exchange rate fluctuations or recessions in our markets; 

unpredictable difficulties or delays in the development of new product technology; 

pricing changes to our products or those of our competitors, and other competitive pressures on pricing and sales; 

our ability to receive components and parts from our suppliers or to obtain them at reasonable price levels due to fluctuations in the costs of the underlying raw materials; 

our ability to access credit markets or capital markets on a favorable basis or at all; 

our ability to service our debt obligations; 

changes in the environmental regulations that affect our current and future products; 

competition in our existing and future lines of business and the financial resources of competitors; 

our failure to comply with regulations and any changes in regulations; 

our failure to complete potential future acquisitions or to realize benefits from completed acquisitions; 

our inability to implement our growth plan; 

our ability to service our pension obligations; 

the loss of any of our senior management; 

difficulties in obtaining or retaining the management and other human resource competencies that we need to achieve our business objectives; 

the success of, and costs and savings associated with, our current streamlining initiatives; 
     
    29 

     Table of Contents  

labor relations;  

the European Commission s decision relating to the Belgian excess profit ruling program, including the risks that the European Commission s decision may not be successfully appealed, or the actions that the Company takes to otherwise mitigate the impact of the European Commission s decision, including availing itself of alternative tax relief in Belgium through the Patent Income Deduction (PID) for years prior to 2015 that are subject to clawback pursuant to the European Commission's decision, may not be successful; 

risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including exposure to local economic conditions, government regulation, currency restrictions and other restraints, changes in tax laws and rulings, expropriation, political instability and diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual rights; 

the risk that we will not close the    440 million   senior note offering referred to in Note 16 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
       
  We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events unless we are required to do so by law. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  Preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period.  Management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management s Discussion and Analysis and Notes 2 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015   in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, describe the most significant accounting estimates and policies used in preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results in these areas could differ materially from management s estimates. There have been no significant changes in the Company s assumptions regarding critical accounting estimates during the first   nine   months of   2016  . 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
       
  There were no material changes to the disclosure on this matter for the year ended   December 31, 2015   made in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
       
  The Company has established a Disclosure Controls Committee that assists the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in their evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), Rule 13a-15(e), are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
    30 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
       
  There have been no new material risks identified that were not disclosed in the Company s risk factor disclosure in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 2.         Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  The Company's Board of Directors has approved   four   programs as noted below to purchase shares of the Company's common stock.  A summary of the repurchase activity for the first   nine   months of   2016   is as follows: 
    
  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

All share repurchases were effected in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
     The exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

31 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WABCO HOLDINGS INC. 
        
      /  S  /    SEAN DEASON 
      Sean Deason 
      VP Controller and Assistant Secretary 
      (Principal Accounting Officer) 

October 20, 2016    
  
    32 

Table of Contents  

WABCO HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
  (The File Number of the Registrant, WABCO Holdings Inc., is 1-33332) 
    
                     Exhibit 
  No. 
      
    Description 
      10.1 
    Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 17, 2016, among WABCO Holdings Inc. and each of the purchasers party thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33332), filed on October 20, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
      10.2 
    Management Agreement, effective January 1, 2012 between WABCO Europe SPRL/BVBA and Nick Rens. 
      31.1 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.2 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101 
    The following financial information from WABCO Holdings Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on October 20, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

33 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 managementagreementrens.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

managementagreementrens  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 wbc_exhibit311x09302016.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Jacques Esculier, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WABCO Holdings Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   October 20, 2016    
               /s/ Jacques Esculier 
      Jacques Esculier 
      Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 wbc_exhibit312x09302016.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WABCO Holdings Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   October 20, 2016    
               /s/ Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah 
      Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 wbc_exhibit321x09302016.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO SECTION 906

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  WABCO HOLDINGS INC. 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of WABCO Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jacques Esculier, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
           (i) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (ii) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report.    
                  /s/ Jacques Esculier 
      Jacques Esculier 
      Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Dated:   October 20, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 wbc_exhibit322x09302016.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO SECTION 906

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  WABCO HOLDINGS INC. 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of WABCO Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (i) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (ii) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report.    
                  /s/ Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah 
      Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah 
      Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:   October 20, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 wbc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wbc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wbc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wbc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wbc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wbc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

