<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1627452_0001640334-16-001923_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>685716</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>39863</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>55454</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>142509</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>194517</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>202773</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-16-001923.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108171055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-16-001923
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ME Renewable Power Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001627452
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				300845224
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202234
		FILM NUMBER:		161982008

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PUCES IELA 47 DZ. 40
		CITY:			RIGA
		STATE:			1R
		ZIP:			LV-1082
		BUSINESS PHONE:		371-2810-2618

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PUCES IELA 47 DZ. 40
		CITY:			RIGA
		STATE:			1R
		ZIP:			LV-1082

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JAREX SOLUTIONS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-16-001923.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 jrsc_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   jrsc_10q.htm      
 
         UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         Form 10-Q       (Mark One)             or                  TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                     For the transition period from _______________ to _______________           Commission File Number   333-202234                 ME RENEWABLE POWER CORPORATION        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                 371-2810-2618    (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)       JAREX SOLUTIONS CORP.    (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  x  YES        NO     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  x  YES        NO     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.             Large accelerated filer     o     Accelerated filer     o       Non-accelerated filer        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)    Smaller reporting company     x          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)  x  YES        NO      APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS     Check whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.     YES        NO     APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.     7,375,000 common shares issued and outstanding as of November 7, 2016.      

ME RENEWABLE POWER CORPORATION        TABLE OF CONTENTS                  PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION.                                        Item 1.       Financial Statements (Unaudited)         3                              Item 2.       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation.         9                              Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.         13                              Item 4.       Controls and Procedures.         13                              PART II - OTHER INFORMATION.                                        Item 1.       Legal Proceedings.         14                              Item 1A.       Risk Factors.         14                              Item 2.       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.         14                              Item 3.       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.         14                              Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures.         14                              Item 5.       Other Information.         14                              Item 6.       Exhibits.         15                              SIGNATURES.         16                    PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION         Item 1. Financial Statements       The unaudited financial statements of our company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( US GAAP ) and are expressed in U.S. dollars.                 3       
     Table of Contents          ME Renewable Power Corporation (formerly Jarex Solutions Corp.)    CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS        (Unaudited)               The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements.                  4       
     Table of Contents          ME Renewable Power Corporation (formerly Jarex Solutions Corp.)    CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS       (Unaudited)            * denotes a loss of less than $(0.01) per share.      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements.                  5       
     Table of Contents          ME Renewable Power Corporation (formerly Jarex Solutions Corp.)    CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS       (Unaudited)               The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements.                  6       
     Table of Contents          ME Renewable Power Corporation (formerly Jarex Solutions Corp.)    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       September 30, 2016       (Unaudited)        NOTE 1   NATURE OF OPERATIONS       ME Renewable Power Corporation (the "Company") was incorporated in the State of Nevada under the name Jarex Solutions Corp. on October 28, 2014 ("Inception") and originally intended to commence operations in the business of Automatic Number Plate Recognition ( ANPR ) software development for businesses which have parking zones or access control on their sites. Jarex Solutions Corp. intended to develop software based on the ANPR technologies in Latvia.      On June 14, 2016, the Company merged with its wholly-owned subsidiary ME Renewable Power Corporation, a Nevada corporation, and changed its name from Jarex Solutions Corp. to ME Renewable Power Corporation. The Company now intends to distribute green energy-saving and reusable equipment and materials.       NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES         Basis of Presentation   The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in US dollars. The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.      Unaudited Interim Financial Statements   The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.     In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring entries necessary for a fair statement of the periods presented for: (a) the financial position; (b) the result of operations; and (c) cash flows, have been made in order to make the financial statements presented not misleading. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year.     While management of the Company believes that the disclosures presented herein are adequate and not misleading, these condensed interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the footnotes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015.      Use of Estimates and Assumptions   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.      Prepaid Expenses      Prepaid expenses consist of prepaid filing fees. Prepaid expenses are amortized as the related expense is incurred.                 7       
     Table of Contents          Basic Income (Loss) Per Share   The Company computes loss per share in accordance with  ASC-260 ,  Earnings per Share  which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share on the face of the statement of operations.     Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period. Diluted loss per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive loss per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive.     For the nine month period ended to September 30, 2016 there were no potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding and any such shares would have been excluded from the computation because they would have been anti-dilutive as the Company incurred losses in this period.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements   The Company reviewed all the recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company.       NOTE 3   GOING CONCERN       The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company has incurred a loss since Inception (October 28, 2014) resulting in an accumulated deficit of $59,883 as of September 30, 2016 and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.      The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand and loans from directors and/or private placement of common stock.        NOTE 4   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS       In support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it may rely on advances from related parties until such time that the Company can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. There is no formal written commitment for continued support by shareholders or directors. Amounts represent advances or amounts paid in satisfaction of liabilities. The advances were considered temporary in nature and were not formalized by a promissory note.      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 a previous shareholder forgave loans to the Company in the amount of $11,074. The transaction was recorded to additional paid in capital.     During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company was provided loans of $37,747 by a new shareholder.     Loans to shareholders at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $37,747 and $11,074, respectively. The advances are non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured.       NOTE 5   INCOME TAXES       As of September 30, 2016, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $59,883 that may be available to reduce future years' taxable income in varying amounts through 2036. Future tax benefits which arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards.       NOTE 6 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS       The Company has evaluated subsequent events from September 30, 2016 to the date the financial statements were issued and has determined that there are no items to disclose.                  8       
     Table of Contents           Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation        FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS      This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.      Our unaudited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this quarterly report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this quarterly report.      Unless otherwise specified in this quarterly report, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to  common stock  refer to shares of our common stock.      As used in this quarterly report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our  and  our company  mean ME Renewable Power Corporation., unless otherwise indicated.         Corporate History      ME Renewable Power Corporation (the "Company") was incorporated in the State of Nevada under the name Jarex Solutions Corp. on October 28, 2014 ("Inception") and originally intended to commence operations in the business of Automatic Number Plate Recognition ( ANPR ) software development for businesses which have parking zones or access control on their sites. Jarex Solutions Corp. intended to develop software based on the ANPR technologies in Latvia.      Our principal office address is located at Puces iela 47 dz.40, Riga, Latvia, LV-1082.      On May 31, 2016, our board of directors approved an agreement and plan of merger to merge with our wholly-owned subsidiary ME Renewable Power Corporation, a Nevada corporation, to effect a name change from Jarex Solutions Corp. to ME Renewable Power Corporation. Our company will remain the surviving company. ME Renewable Power Corporation was formed solely for the change of name.     Articles of Merger to effect the merger and change of name were filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 7, 2016, with an effective date of June 14, 2016.     The name change became effective with the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board at the opening of trading on June 21, 2016. In addition to the change of name, our trading symbol changed to MEPW. Our CUSIP number is 552745 101.                   9       
     Table of Contents           Current Business      Since the change of control, the Company now intends to develop and manage clean energy solutions and reductions in emissions as well as municipal solid waste through business in China.        Results of Operations       Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.      Our operating expenses for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are outlined in the table below:            Operating Revenues      From October 28, 2004 (date of inception) to September 30, 2016, our company recorded revenue of $4,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. No revenues were recorded for the three and nine months ended June 30, 2016.      Operating Expenses and Net Loss      Operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $13,494 compared with $18,665 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in operating expenses were attributed to a decrease in general and administrative expenses and an increase in professional fees due to change in the Company s business plan and decrease in operating activities.      Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $13,494 compared with $14,665 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The net loss decreased by only $1,171 despite of the large decrease in the operating expenses because the Company did not generate revenues in the current period      Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $30,776 compared with $27,249 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in operating expenses was attributed to an increase in professional fees related to legal and accounting fees incurred in connection with the transfer of ownership, which was partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expenses due to decrease in operating activity.      Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $30,776 compared with $23,249 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net loss is because the Company did not generate revenues in the current period.              Liquidity and Capital Resources        Working Capital             Cash Flows            As at September 30, 2016, our cash balance was $19,535 and total assets were $22,868 compared to cash balance of $14,535 and total assets of $15,467 as at December 31, 2015. The increase in cash and total assets was due primarily to loans from related parties which provided $37,747 of cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     As at September 30, 2016, we had total liabilities of $38,177 compared with total liabilities of $11,074 as at December 31, 2015. The increase in total liabilities was due to loans received from related parties.     As at September 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of $15,309 compared with a working capital of $3,461 as at December 31, 2015. The increase in working capital deficit is due to cash provided by related parties to fund the Company s operation.       Cashflow from Operating Activities      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $32,747 of cash for operating activities compared to the use of $22,983 of cash for operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to increased professional fees, increased office and general expenses, as well as an increase in prepaid expenses of $3,333.      Cashflow from Investing Activities      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not have any investing activities compared to net cash used in investing activities of $1,307 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      Cashflow from Financing Activities      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received proceeds of $37,747 as a loan from a shareholder of our company. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received proceeds of $30,500 from the proceeds of sales of stock of our company and by way of a loan from a related party.               Going Concern      We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive acquisitions and activities. For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report on our audited financial statements that they have substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern without further financing.        Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders.        Future Financings      We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds, further issuances of securities and loans from our principal shareholder. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business.     Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next three months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii) developmental expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations.        Critical Accounting Policies      Our financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.     We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. Our fiscal year end is December 31.      Use of Estimates      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period             Basic Income (Loss) Per Share      Our company computes loss per share in accordance with "ASC-260", "Earnings per Share" which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share on the face of the statement of operations.     Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period. Diluted loss per share give effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive loss per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive.     For the nine month period ended to September 30, 2016 there were no potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding and any such shares would have been excluded from the computation because they would have been anti-dilutive as our company incurred losses in this period.        Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements       Our company has reviewed all the recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on our company.         Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.         Item 4. Controls and Procedures        Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures       We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our president and chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.      As of the end of our quarter covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our president (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our president and chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in providing reasonable assurance in the reliability of our reports as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.       Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting       During the period covered by this report there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.              PART II - OTHER INFORMATION         Item 1. Legal Proceedings       We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which our director, officer or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.         Item 1A. Risk Factors       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.         Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       None.         Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities       None.         Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures       Not Applicable.         Item 5. Other Information       None.                 Item 6. Exhibits          __________  *  Filed herewith.                  SIGNATURES       In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                        ME RENEWABLE POWER CORPORATION                (Registrant)                              Dated: November 8, 2016    By:    /s/ Anthony Williams               Anthony Williams               Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director               (Principal Executive Officer)                   Dated: November 8, 2016    By:    /s/ Ka Sing Edmund Yeung               Ka Sing Edmund Yeung               President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director               (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)                     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit_31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   exhibit_31_1.htm     EXHIBIT 31.1   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   I, Anthony Williams, certify that:     1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ME Renewable Power Corporation;     2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and     5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     Date: November 8, 2016                 /s/ Anthony Williams       Anthony Williams      Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)              

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit_31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   exhibit_31_2.htm         EXHIBIT 31.2   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   I, Ka Sing Edmund Yeung, certify that:     1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ME Renewable Power Corporation;     2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and     5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     Date: November 8, 2016                 /s/ Ka Sing Edmund Yeung       Ka Sing Edmund Yeung      President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director   (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)          

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit_32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
   exhibit_32_1.htm         EXHIBIT 32.1     CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Anthony Williams, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:     (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ME Renewable Power Corporation for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the " Report ") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of ME Renewable Power Corporation.                                        Dated: November 8, 2016          /s/ Anthony Williams                   Anthony Williams             Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)             ME Renewable Power Corporation                 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to ME Renewable Power Corporation and will be retained by ME Renewable Power Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.       

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit_32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2
 
   exhibit_32_2.htm         EXHIBIT 32.2     CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Ka Sing Edmund Yeung, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:     (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ME Renewable Power Corporation for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the " Report ") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of ME Renewable Power Corporation.                                        Dated: November 8, 2016          /s/ Ka Sing Edmund Yeung                   Ka Sing Edmund Yeung             President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)             ME Renewable Power Corporation                 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to ME Renewable Power Corporation and will be retained by ME Renewable Power Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.       

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 jrsc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 jrsc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 jrsc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 jrsc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 jrsc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 jrsc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

