<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_824416_0001213900-16-018362_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1509396</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>50251</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>98957</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>310904</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>611481</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>406539</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>10</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018362.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114112127
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018362
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000824416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MISCELLANEOUS NONDURABLE GOODS [5190]
		IRS NUMBER:				112873662
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-18099-NY
		FILM NUMBER:		161992203

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 THEODORE FREMD AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206S
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8887437577

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 THEODORE FREMD AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206S
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUEST PRODUCTS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHASE OUT OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018362.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_questpatent.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)  

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

or  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from __________ to __________  

QUEST
PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION    

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (888) 743-7577   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and
 smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
        filer  
          (Do
        not check if smaller reporting company)   
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes      No    

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 313,038,334
shares of common stock are issued and outstanding as of November 14, 2016.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page
    No.    
 
       PART
    I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.   
      Financial
    Statements.  
      1   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
      1   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      2   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      3   

Notes
    to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      4   
 
       Item
    2.   
      Management's
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
      8   
 
       Item
    3.   
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
      13   
 
       Item
    4.   
      Controls
    and Procedures.  
      13   

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
    5.   
      Other
    Information  

Item
    6.   
      Exhibits.  
      14   

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report
contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such
as  expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks, 
 estimates  and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements,
but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this report. Additionally,
statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements.  

Although
forward-looking statements in this report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based
on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties
and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those
specifically addressed under the headings  Risks Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, in  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in this Form 10-Q and in other reports that we
file with the SEC.  You are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date of this report.  

We file
reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. You can also read and copy any materials we
file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain additional
information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.  

We undertake
no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this report, except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made throughout the entirety of this quarterly report, which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors
that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our SEC filings are available on our website at http://www.qprc.com/InvestorRelations/SECFilings.aspx.  

OTHER
PERTINENT INFORMATION  

Unless
specifically set forth to the contrary,  Quest ,  Company ,  we,   us,   our 
and similar terms refer to Quest Patent Research Corporation, and its subsidiaries.  

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

   Item
1. Financial Statements   

QUEST
PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  UNAUDITED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See
accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

1  

QUEST
PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  UNAUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  

See
accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

2  

QUEST
PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  UNAUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

See
accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

3  

QUEST
PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

NOTE
1   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

The Company
is a Delaware corporation, incorporated on July 17, 1987 and has been engaged in the intellectual property monetization business
since 2008.  

As used
herein, the  Company  refers to Quest Patent Research Corporation and its wholly and majority-owned and controlled
operating subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. All intellectual property acquisition, development, licensing and
enforcement activities are conducted by the Company s wholly and majority-owned and controlled operating subsidiaries.  

The
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the US (GAAP) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of
Regulation S-X. Accordingly, these interim financial statements do not include all of the information and notes required by
GAAP for complete financial statements. All adjustments (consisting of normal recurring items) necessary to present fairly
the Company s consolidated financial position have been included. These interim financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015. Certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-period
presentation. Operating results for the interim periods presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the results that
may be expected for any other interim period or for the entire year.  

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Principles
of consolidation and financial statement presentation   

The consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( US GAAP ) and
present the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries as of September
30, 2016.   

The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts and operations of:  

Quest
Patent Research Corporation  

  Wynn
Technologies, Inc.  

  Quest
Licensing Corporation (NY)  

  Quest
Licensing Corporation (DE) (wholly owned)  

  Quest
Packaging Solutions Corporation (90% owned)  

  Quest
Nettech Corporation (wholly owned)  

  Semcon
IP, Inc. (wholly owned)  

  Mariner
IC, Inc. (wholly owned)  

  IC
Kinetics, Inc. (wholly owned)  

The operations
of Wynn Technologies Inc. are not included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as there are significant contingencies
related to its control of Wynn Technologies Inc. The sole asset of Wynn Technologies Inc. is US Patent No. RE38,137E. Wynn Technologies
Inc. cannot transfer, assign, sell, hypothecate or otherwise encumber US Patent No. RE38,173E without the express written consent
of Sol Li, owner of 35% of Wynn Technologies Inc., unless, as of the date of such transfer, assignment, sale, hypothecation or
other encumbrance, Mr. Li has received a total of at least $250,000.    

The Company
accounts for its 65% interest in Wynn Technologies, Inc. under the equity method whereby the investment accounts are increased
for contributions by the Company plus its 60% share of income pursuant to the contractual agreement which provide that Sol Li
retains 40% of the income, and reduced for distributions and its 60% share of losses incurred, respectively, with the restriction
whereby the account balances cannot go below zero.  

4  

Significant
intercompany transaction and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.   

Inventor/Former
Owner Royalties and Contingent Legal/Litigation Finance Expenses   

In connection
with the investment in certain patents and patent rights, certain of the Company s operating subsidiaries may execute related
agreements which grant to the inventors and/or former owners of the respective patents or patent rights, the right to receive
a percentage of future net revenues (as defined in the respective agreements) generated as a result of licensing and otherwise
enforcing the respective patents or patent portfolios.  

The Company s
operating subsidiaries may retain the services of law firms that specialize in patent licensing and enforcement and patent law
in connection with their licensing and enforcement activities. These law firms may be retained on a contingent fee basis
whereby such law firms are paid a percentage of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded.  

The Company s
operating subsidiaries may engage funding sources that specialize in providing financing for patent licensing and enforcement. These
litigation finance firms may be engaged on a non-recourse basis whereby such litigation finance firms are paid a percentage of
any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded in exchange for providing funding for  legal fees and out of pocket expenses
incurred as a result of the licensing and enforcement activities.  

The economic
terms of the inventor agreements, operating agreements, contingent legal fee arrangements and litigation financing agreements
associated with the patent portfolios owned or controlled by the Company s operating subsidiaries, if any, including royalty
rates, contingent fee rates and other terms, vary across the patent portfolios owned or controlled by such operating subsidiaries. Inventor/former
owner royalties, payments to non-controlling interests, contingent legal fees expenses and litigation finance expenses fluctuate
period to period, based on the amount of revenues recognized each period, the terms and conditions of revenue agreements executed
each period and the mix of specific patent portfolios with varying economic terms and obligations generating revenues each period.
Inventor/former owner royalties, contingent legal fees expenses and litigation finance expenses will continue to fluctuate and
may continue to vary significantly period to period, based primarily on these factors. The agreements with the funding sources
provide that we have no liability or obligation to the funding source, other than with respect to their interest in the proceeds
of the recovery, if any.  

Going
Concern   

As shown
in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $15,233,128 and negative working capital of
$354,725 as of September 30, 2016. Because of the Company s continuing losses, the working capital deficiency, the uncertainty
of future revenue, the Company s low stock price and the absence of a trading market in its common stock, and the ability
of the Company to raise funds in equity market or from lenders is severely impaired. These conditions raise substantial doubt
as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Although the Company may seek to raise funds and to obtain third
party funding for litigation to enforce its intellectual property rights, the availability of such funds is uncertain. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.   

5  

NOTE
3   SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM DEBT   

The following
table shows the Company s short-term and long-term debt at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Short
term debt   

The loan
payable   third party is a demand loan made by former officers and directors, who are unrelated third parties at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, in the amount of $163,000. The loans are payable on demand plus accrued interest at 10% per annum. These
third parties are also shareholders, but their stockholdings are not significant.  See Note 6.  

Long-term
debt   

The loan
payable at September 30, 2016 represents the principal amount of the Company s 10% note to United Wireless Holdings, Inc.
( United Wireless ) due September 30, 2020, in the amount of $2,375,000 pursuant to securities purchase agreement
dated October 22, 2015 more fully described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase
in the loan amount reflects the second $1,000,000 installment of the purchase price of the patents and release of $125,000 cash
proceeds to the Company. Because of its stock ownership in the Company and its right to elect a director of the Company, United
Wireless is treated as a related party. Prior to the consummation of the transactions described in this Note 3, the Company had
no relationship with United Wireless.  

NOTE
4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Increase
in Authorized Common Stock   

On January
22, 2016, the Company amended and restated its certificate of incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 390,000,000
shares to 1,250,000,000 shares. The Company s financial statements at December 31, 2015 reflect this increase.  

Issuance
of Common Stock and Options   

Pursuant
to the restated employment agreement dated November 30, 2014, the Company issued to its chief executive officer a stock grant
for 30,000,000 shares which vested on January 15, 2015. For the period ended September 30, 2015 the Company recognized compensation
expense of $63,000, representing closing price of the common stock on the vesting date. There was no stock-based compensation
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

As of
September 30, 2016, there was no unamortized option expense associated with compensatory options.   

A summary
of the status of the Company's stock options and changes is set forth below:  

6  

Warrants   

A summary
of the status of the Company's stock warrants and changes is set forth below:   

NOTE
5   NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST   

The following
table reconciles equity attributable to the non-controlling interest related to Quest Packaging Solutions Corporation.  

NOTE
6   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

The Company
has at various times entered into transactions with related parties, including officers, directors and major shareholders, wherein
these parties have provided services, advanced or loaned money, or both, to the Company needed to support its daily operations.
The Company discloses all related party transactions.  

During
2003, the Company received loans from then officers and directors, now unrelated third parties, in the amount of $79,490. The
loans are payable on demand plus accrued interest at 10% per annum. During 2014, all loan holders ceased to be related parties
as a result of employee separation agreements and director resignations. As a result, in 2014, approximately $54,490 in principal
on the loans was cancelled pursuant to a separation agreement and $25,000 in principal was reclassified as loans payable to third
parties upon resignation of the loan holder from the board.  

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company contracted with an entity owned by the chief technology
officer for the provision of information technology services to the Company. The cost of such services were approximately $600
and $1,800 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and $600 and $1,800 for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  

7  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Overview   

Our principal
operations include the development, acquisition, licensing and enforcement of intellectual property rights that are either owned
or controlled by us or one of our wholly owned subsidiaries. We currently own, control or manage eight intellectual property
portfolios, which principally consist of patent rights. As part of our intellectual property asset management activities
and in the ordinary course of our business, it has been necessary for either us or the intellectual property owner who we represent
to initiate, and it is likely to continue to be necessary to initiate patent infringement lawsuits and engage in patent infringement
litigation. To date, we have not generated any significant revenues from our intellectual property rights.  

We seek
to generate revenue from three sources:  

Patent
    licensing fees relating to our intellectual property portfolio, which includes fees from the licensing of our intellectual
    property, primarily from litigation relating to enforcement of our intellectual property rights.   

Management
    fees, which we receive for managing structured licensing programs, including litigation, related to our intellectual property
    rights.   

Licensed
    packaging sales, which relate to the sale of licensed products   

Because
of the nature of our business transactions to date, we recognize revenues from licensing upon execution of a license agreement
following settlement of litigation and not over the life of the patent. Thus, we would recognize revenue when we receive the license
fee or settlement payment. Although we intend to seek to develop portfolios of intellectual property rights that provide us
a continuing stream of revenue, to date we have not been successful in doing so, and we cannot give you any assurance that we
will be able to generate any significant revenue from licenses that provide a continuing stream of revenue. Thus, to the extent
that we continue to generate cash from single payment licenses, our revenue can, and is likely to, vary significantly from quarter
to quarter and year to year. Our gross profit from license fees reflects any royalties which we pay in connection with our license.  

Fees generated
in connection with the management of litigation are paid to us by one of the third-party funding source in support of the litigation
seeking to enforce our intellectual property rights. Our agreement with the funding source provides that the funding source pays
the litigation costs and provides that this funding source receives a percentage of the recovery, thus reducing our recovery in
connection with any settlement of the litigation. As a result, in connection with litigation funded by the third party, we would,
if the litigation is successful, receive fees both for managing the litigation, if the agreement with the funding source provides
for such payments, and from a license of the intellectual property, which will be net of that portion of the recovery payable
to the funding source. To the extent that we have agreements with counsel and/or litigation funding sources pursuant to which
payments made to them represent a portion of the gross recovery, and such payment is contingent upon a recovery, our revenue from
litigation reflects the gross recovery from litigation as licensing fees, and payments to counsel and/or litigation funding sources
are reflected as cost of revenue. Our gross profit from management fees reflects payments to third party support services providers
which we pay in connection with management of the licensing program.  

To a lesser
extent, we generate revenue from sale of packaging materials based on our TurtlePak TM  technology. Our gross profit
from sales reflects the cost of contract manufacturing and labor. We did not generate any revenue from the TurtlePak TM  Portfolio
other than from the sale of products using our technology.  

In March
2016, we entered into two funding agreements whereby a third party agreed to provide funds to us to enable us to implement a structured
licensing program, including litigation if necessary, for the power management/bus control portfolio, which is owned by our subsidiary
Semcon IP, Inc., and the anchor structure portfolio, which is owned by Mariner IC, Inc. These portfolios are two of the portfolios
we acquired from Intellectual Ventures Assets 16 LLC ( Intellectual Ventures ) in October 2015. We engaged counsel
on a partial contingency basis in connection with a proposed patent infringement action relating to these portfolios.  

Following
the execution of the funding agreements and the engagement of counsel, in April 2016, (i) Semcon brought patent infringement suits
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Huawei Technologies, MediaTek Inc., STMicroelectronics
Inc., Texas Instruments Incorporated and ZTE Corporation, and (ii) Mariner IC brought patent infringement suits in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against MediaTek Inc., Texas Instruments Incorporated, LG Electronics,
Inc., Toshiba Corporation, and Panasonic Corporation.   

Pursuant
to the terms of the funding agreements and the partial contingency agreements with counsel, we do not have any liability or obligations
with respect to the costs associated with prosecuting the actions, and we do not receive any payments for any assistance which
we may provide in connection with the litigation. Both the funding source and counsel will participate in any recovery in these
lawsuits.  

8  

Results
of Operations   

Three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Revenues
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $706,000, an increase of approximately $561,000, or 387%, from
the comparable period of 2015, which were approximately $145,000. Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately
$1,190,000, an increase of approximately $874,000, or 277%, from the comparable period of 2015, which was approximately $316,000.
The increase in revenue was primarily due to an increase in management fees of approximately $280,000 and approximately $612,000
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 respectively from the comparable periods of 2015, relating to our services
in support of mobile data portfolio litigation which are paid by the firm that is providing the funding for the litigation. The
increase in revenue was also due to an increase in patent licensing fees of approximately $285,000 and approximately $265,000
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 respectively from the comparable periods of 2015, relating to licenses
granted to our intellectual property portfolios. These management fees and patent licensing fees represent the only significant
source of revenue in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016.  

Operating
expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by approximately $449,000, or 240%, and by approximately
$1,247,000, or 240%, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our principal operating expense
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was royalties due to patent owners, legal counsel and litigation funding sources
under our inventor, legal fee and litigation financing agreements associated with our patent portfolios. Royalties were approximately
$337,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and approximately $53,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively. Our principal operating expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was management support services in
support of mobile data portfolio litigation which are paid by the firm that is providing the funding for the litigation. Management
support services were approximately $805,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and approximately $49,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Due to the timing of payables and receivables, management fees exceeded management
support services paid during the nine-months ended September 30, 2016.  

Other
income (expense) included interest expense of $74,333 and $229,712 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
and $4,075 and $12,225 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increase in interest expense
primarily reflect the accrued interest on our note to United Wireless. Other income (expense) for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 included $32,182, reflecting the gain on the settlement of an account payable for less than the amount previously accrued.  

As a result
of the foregoing, we sustained a net loss of approximately $5,000, or $0.000 per share (basic and diluted), for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and a net loss of approximately $808,000, or $0.003 per share (basic and diluted), for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to net loss of approximately $46,000, or $0.000 per share (basic and diluted), for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 and a net loss of approximately $186,000, or $0.001 per share (basic and diluted), for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.   

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

At September
30, 2016, we had current assets of approximately $269,237, and current liabilities of approximately $623,511. Our current liabilities
include loans payable of $163,000 and accrued interest of $244,838 due to former directors and minority stockholders. Our agreement
with United Wireless requires United Wireless to lend us the funds to make the payments to Intellectual Ventures. As of September
30, 2016, we have an accumulated deficit of approximately $15,233,000 and a negative working capital of approximately $354,275.
Other than salary to our chief executive officer, we do not contemplate any other material operating expense in the near future
other than normal general and administrative expenses, including expenses relating to our status as a public company filing reports
with the SEC.   

9  

We cannot
assure you that we will be successful in generating future revenues, in obtaining additional debt or equity financing or that
such additional debt or equity financing will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all, or that we will be able to obtain
any third party funding in connection with any of our intellectual property portfolios. We have no credit facilities.   

We
have an agreement with a funding source which is providing litigation financing in connection with our pending litigation
relating to our mobile data portfolio, and we have two agreements with a second funding source which is providing litigation
financing in connection with our pending litigation relating to our power management/bus control and anchor structure
portfolios. We cannot predict the success of any pending or future litigation. Our obligations to United Wireless are not
contingent upon the success of any litigation. If we fail to generate a sufficient recovery in these actions (net of any
portion of any recovery payable to the funding source or our legal counsel) in a timely manner to enable us to pay United
Wireless on the outstanding loans and the additional loans which United Wireless has agreed to make to us, we would be in
default under our agreements with United Wireless which could result in United Wireless obtaining ownership of the three
subsidiaries which own the patent rights we acquired from Intellectual Ventures. Our agreements with the funding sources
provide that the funding sources will participate in any recovery which is generated. We believe that our financial
condition, our history of losses and negative cash flow from operations, and our low stock price make it difficult for us to
raise funds in the debt or equity markets.  

As noted
below, there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.   

Significant
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

The discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements that have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. On an on-going
basis, we evaluate our estimates including the allowance for doubtful accounts, the salability and recoverability of our products,
income taxes and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions.  

Management
believes the following critical accounting policies affect the significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of
the financial statements.  

Principles
of Consolidation   

The condensed
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with US GAAP and present the financial statements of the Company
and our wholly-owned subsidiary. In the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, intercompany transactions and balances
are eliminated.  

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions   

The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

10  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

We adopted
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , for
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. ASC 820 establishes a common definition for fair value to
be applied to existing US GAAP that require the use of fair value measurements which establishes a framework for measuring fair
value and expands disclosure about such fair value measurements.   

ASC 820
defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally, ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below:  

Level 1:  
      Observable
    inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities   

Level 2:  
      Observable
    market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data   

Level 3:   
      Unobservable
    inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity s own assumptions.   

In addition,
FASB ASC 825-10-25  Fair Value Option  was effective for January 1, 2008. ASC 825-10-25 expands opportunities
to use fair value measurements in financial reporting and permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and
certain other items at fair value.  

Stock-based
Compensation   

The Company
accounts for share-based awards issued to employees in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 718,  Compensation-Stock
Compensation.  Accordingly, employee share-based payment compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value
of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period, which is normally the vesting period. Share-based
compensation to directors is treated in the same manner as share-based compensation to employees, regardless of whether the directors
are also employees. The Company accounts for share-based compensation to persons other than employees in accordance with FASB
ASC 505-50. Equity instruments issued to other than employees are valued at the earlier of a commitment date or upon completion
of the services, based on the fair value of the equity instruments and is recognized as expense over the service period. The Company
estimates the fair value of share-based payments using the Black Scholes option-pricing model for common stock options and warrants
and the closing price of the Company s common stock for common share issuances.  

Long-Lived
Assets   

We review
for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable, pursuant to
guidance established in ASC 360-10-35-15,  Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . We recognize an impairment
loss when the sum of expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment
is measured as the difference between the asset s estimated fair value and its book value.  

Revenue
Recognition   

We recognize
revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition . Revenue is recognized when (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) all obligations have been substantially performed, (iii) amounts are fixed or determinable
and (iv) collectability of amounts is reasonably assured.  

We consider
our licensing and enforcement activities as one unit of accounting under ASC 605-25,  Multiple-Element Arrangements 
as the delivered items do not have value to customers on a standalone basis, there are no undelivered elements and there is no
general right of return relative to the license. Under ASC 605-25, the appropriate recognition of revenue is determined for the
combined deliverables as a single unit of accounting and revenue is recognized upon delivery of the final elements, including
the license for past and future use and the release. Also due to the fact that the settlement element and license element for
past and future use are the major central business, we do not present these two elements as different revenue streams in its statement
of operations. We do not expect to provide licenses that do not provide some form of settlement or release.  

11  

Cost
of Revenue   

Cost of
revenues mainly includes expenses incurred in connection with our patent enforcement activities, such as legal fees, consulting
costs, patent maintenance, royalty fees for acquired patents and other related expenses. Cost of revenue does not include
expenses related to product development, patent amortization, integration or support, as these are included in general and administrative
expenses.   

Inventor/Former
Owner Royalties and Contingent Legal/Litigation Finance Expenses   

In connection
with the investment in certain patents and patent rights, certain of our operating subsidiaries may execute related agreements
which grant to the inventors and/or former owners of the respective patents or patent rights, the right to receive a percentage
of future net revenues (as defined in the respective agreements) generated as a result of licensing and otherwise enforcing the
respective patents or patent portfolios.  

Our operating
subsidiaries may retain the services of law firms that specialize in patent licensing and enforcement and patent law in connection
with their licensing and enforcement activities. These law firms may be retained on a contingent fee basis whereby such law
firms are paid a percentage of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded.  

Our operating
subsidiaries may engage with funding sources that specialize in providing financing for patent licensing and enforcement. These
litigation finance firms may be engaged on a non-recourse basis whereby such litigation finance firms are paid a percentage of
any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded in exchange for providing funding for a legal fees and out of pocket expenses
incurred as a result of the licensing and enforcement activities.  

The economic
terms of the inventor agreements, operating agreements, contingent legal fee arrangements and litigation financing agreements
associated with the patent portfolios owned or controlled by our operating subsidiaries, if any, including royalty rates, contingent
fee rates and other terms, vary across the patent portfolios owned or controlled by such operating subsidiaries. Inventor/former
owner royalties, payments to non-controlling interests, contingent legal fees expenses and litigation finance expenses fluctuate
period to period, based on the amount of revenues recognized each period, the terms and conditions of revenue agreements executed
each period and the mix of specific patent portfolios with varying economic terms and obligations generating revenues each period.
Inventor/former owner royalties, contingent legal fees expenses and litigation finance expenses will continue to fluctuate and
may continue to vary significantly period to period, based primarily on these factors.  To the extent that we have agreements
with counsel and/or litigation funding sources pursuant to which payments made to them represent a portion of the gross recovery,
and such payment is contingent upon a recovery, our revenue from litigation reflects the gross recovery from litigation as licensing
fees, and payments to counsel and/or litigation funding sources are reflected as cost of revenue.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Management
does not anticipate that the recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements will materially impact the Company s
financial condition.  

Going
Concern   

We have
an accumulated deficit of $15,233,128 and negative working capital of $354,275 as of September 30, 2016. Because of our continuing
losses, our working capital deficiency, the uncertainty of future revenue, our obligations to Intellectual Ventures and United
Wireless, our low stock price and the absence of a trading market in our common stock, our ability to raise funds in equity market
or from lenders is severely impaired, and we may not be able to continue as a going concern. Although we may seek to raise funds
and to obtain third party funding for litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, the availability of such funds in
uncertain. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

12  

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We have
not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties.
We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholder s equity
or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest
in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

We are
a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the
information under this item.    

Item
4. Controls and Procedures.   

Management s
Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our  disclosure controls and procedures  ( Disclosure Controls ),
as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
as of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Disclosure Controls evaluation
was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, which positions are held by the same person. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure
controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance
of achieving their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded
that, due to the inadequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting, our sole employee being our chief executive and
financial officer and our limited internal audit function, our disclosure controls were not effective as of September 30, 2016,
such that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated
to the president and treasurer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.   

As reported
in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, management has determined that our internal audit our
internal controls contains material weaknesses due to insufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions as well as
lack of qualified accounting personnel and excessive reliance on third party consultants for accounting, financial reporting and
related activities. These problems continue to affect us as we only have one full-time executive officer, who is our only full-time
employee and who serves as chief executive officer and chief financial officer.  

During
the period ended September 30, 2016, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.  

Item
6. Exhibits.   

13  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Date:
November 14, 2016   

QUEST
    PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION    

By:   
      /s/
    Jon C. Scahill   

Jon
    C. Scahill   

Chief
    executive officer and acting chief financial officer   

14 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_questpat.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER    

   PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE    

   SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002    

I,
Jon C. Scahill, certify that:  

1.    I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Quest Patent Research Corporation;  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this quarterly report;  

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)  
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;    

b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation;    

d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting;   

5.    The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):  

a)  
      all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.   

Dated:  November
    14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Jon C. Scahill   

Chief
        Executive Officer and  
          Acting
        Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10q0916ex32i_questpat.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Quest Patent Research Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I,
Jon C. Scahill, chief executive officer and acting chief financial officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section
1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)    The
                                         Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
                                         Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)    The
                                         information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
                                         condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Jon C. Scahill    

Jon
        C. Scahill  
          Chief
        Executive Officer and  
          Acting
        Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 qprc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 qprc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 qprc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 qprc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 qprc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 qprc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

