<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1469367_0001564590-16-028935_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11359149</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>241844</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>351441</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2734513</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3983981</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2464753</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028935.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110162112
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028935
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sunrun Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001469367
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEATING EQUIP, EXCEPT ELEC & WARM AIR & PLUMBING FIXTURES [3430]
		IRS NUMBER:				262841711
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37511
		FILM NUMBER:		161988325

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		595 MARKET STREET, 29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-580-6900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		595 MARKET STREET, 29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SunRun Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028935.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 run-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

run-10q_20160930.htm

ffedf 
   
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

Commission File Number: 001-37511 
   
 Sunrun Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

26-2841711  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

595 Market Street, 29 th  Floor 
 San Francisco, California 94105 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
 (415) 580-6900 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES           NO        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES           NO        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    YES           NO        
 As of November 7, 2016, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was 103,816,524. 

Table of Contents  

Page  

Item 1  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)      

2  

Consolidated Balance Sheets      

2  

Consolidated Statements of Operations      

4  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)      

5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows      

6  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      

7  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      

24  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      

39  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures      

39  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings      

39  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors      

39  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      

64  

Item 5.  

Other Information      

64  

Item 6.  

Exhibits      

64  

Signatures      

65  

1 
 
        Sunrun   Inc.  
     Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands, Except Share Par Values) 

2 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3 
 
    Sunrun Inc.  
     Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

4 
 
    Sunrun Inc.  
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In Thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

5 
 
    Sunrun Inc.  
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In Thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Sunrun Inc.  
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1. Organization 
 Sunrun Inc. ( Sunrun  or the  Company ) was originally formed in 2007 as a California limited liability company and was converted into a Delaware corporation in 2008. The Company is engaged in the design, development, installation sale, ownership and maintenance of residential solar energy systems ( Projects ) in the United States. 
 Sunrun acquires customers directly and through relationships with various solar and strategic partners ( Partners ). The Projects are constructed either by Sunrun or by Sunrun s Partners and are owned by the Company. Sunrun s customers enter into a power purchase agreement ( PPA ) or a lease (each, a  Customer Agreement ) which typically has a term of 20 years. Sunrun monitors, maintains and insures the Projects. The Company also sells solar energy systems and products, such as panels and racking, to customers. 
 The Company has formed various subsidiaries ( Funds ) to finance the development of Projects. These Funds, structured as limited liability companies, obtain financing from outside investors and purchase or lease Projects from Sunrun under master purchase or master lease agreements. The Company currently utilizes three legal structures in its investment Funds, which are referred to as: (i) lease pass-throughs, (ii) partnership-flips and (iii) joint venture ( JV ) inverted leases. 
 Sunrun acquired Clean Energy Experts, LLC ( CEE ), a consumer demand and solar lead generation company, in April 2015, to support the growth of the business, including reducing costs of obtaining customer leads externally. As a result of the acquisition, the Company also sells a portion of solar leads generated to customers.  
 The Company completed its initial public offering in August 2015 and its common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol  RUN . 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. As such, these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The unaudited consolidated financial statements are prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments (all of which are considered of normal recurring nature) considered necessary to present fairly the Company s financial results. The results of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 or other future periods. 
 The consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts and operations of the Company and those of its subsidiaries, including Funds, in which the Company has a controlling financial interest. The typical condition for a controlling financial interest ownership is holding a majority of the voting interests of an entity. However, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as variable interest entities ( VIEs ), through arrangements that do not involve controlling financial interests. In accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810 ( ASC 810 ) Consolidation, the Company consolidates any VIE of which it is the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary, as defined in ASC 810, is the party that has (1) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb the losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company evaluates its relationships with its VIEs on an ongoing basis to determine whether it continues to be the primary beneficiary. The consolidated financial statements reflect the assets and liabilities of VIEs that are consolidated. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 7 

Reclassifications  
 Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. In addition, during 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  and   ASU 2015-15,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangement . The impact of the Company s adoption of the ASUs on the prior period consolidated balance sheet was as follows (in thousands): 

Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The Company regularly makes significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the estimates that affect the collectability of accounts receivable, the valuation of inventories, the useful lives and estimated residual values of solar energy systems, the useful lives of property and equipment, the valuation and useful lives of intangible assets, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, the effective interest rate used to amortize lease pass-through financing obligations, the valuation of stock-based compensation, the determination of valuation allowances associated with deferred tax assets, the fair value of debt instruments disclosed and the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. Actual results may differ from such estimates. 
 Segment Information 
 The Company has one operating segment with one business activity, providing solar energy services and products to customers. The Company s chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) is its Chief Executive Officer, who manages operations on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources. When evaluating performance and allocating resources, the CODM reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis. 
 Revenues from external customers (including, but not limited to homeowners) for each group of similar products and services are as follows (in thousands): 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
   The Company defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or an exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company uses valuation techniques to measure  
 8 

fair value that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The FASB establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy for discl  osure of fair value measurements as follows:  

Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date;     

Level 2 Inputs are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and     

Level 3 Inputs that are unobservable, significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities and are supported by little or no market data.     

 The Company s financial instruments include cash, receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses, distributions payable to noncontrolling interests, derivatives, and recourse and non-recourse debt. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606), to replace the existing revenue recognition criteria for contracts with customers and to establish the disclosure requirements for revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of this standard is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 including the interim reporting periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this ASU is either retrospective to each prior period presented or retrospective with a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings or accumulated deficit as of the adoption date. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory , to specify that inventory should be subsequently measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is the ordinary selling price less any completion, transportation and disposal costs. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Adoption of this ASU is prospective. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases.  Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. The accounting for lessors is largely unchanged. However, the new guidance now defines what qualifies as sales-type and direct financing leases, as well as the related accounting. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this ASU is applied using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . The new guidance will require all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. It will also allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
   In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a current expected credit losses model. The amendment applies to entities which hold financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income as well as loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off-balance sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this ASU is applied using a modified retrospective approach,  
 9 

with certain aspects requiring a prospective approach. The Company is currently e  valuating this guidance and the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,  Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory , which requires entities to recognize income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this ASU is applied using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 3. Fair Value Measurement 
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and distributions payable to noncontrolling interests approximates fair value due to their short-term nature. The carrying values and fair values of debt instruments are as follows (in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016, the fair value of the Company s lines of credit, syndicated term loans and bank term loans due in July 2021 and September 2022 approximates their carrying values because their interest rates are variable rates that approximate rates currently available to the Company. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of the Company s line of credit and syndicated term loans approximates their carrying values because their interest rates are variable rates that approximate rates currently available to the Company. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of the Company s bank term loan due in April 2022, note payable and solar asset-backed notes are based on rates currently offered for debt with similar maturities and terms. The Company s fair value of the debt instruments fell under the Level 3 hierarchy. These valuation techniques involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the instruments or market.  
 The Company determines the fair value of its interest rate swaps using a discounted cash flow model which incorporates an assessment of the risk of non-performance by the interest rate swap counterparty and an evaluation of the Company s credit risk in valuing derivative instruments. The valuation model uses various inputs including contractual terms, interest rate curves, credit spreads and measures of volatility. 
 The Company determines the fair value of its warrants issued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the warrant liability was the expected volatility of the Company. Generally, increases (decreases) in the expected volatility of the Company would result in a directionally similar impact to the measurement of the Company s warrants. 
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis, based upon the fair value hierarchy are as follows (in thousands): 

10 

Note 4. Inventories 
 Inventories consist of the following (in thousands): 

Note 5. Solar Energy Systems, net 
 Solar energy systems, net consists of the following (in thousands): 

All solar energy systems, construction-in-progress and inverters have been leased to or are subject to signed Customer Agreements with customers. The Company recorded depreciation expense related to solar energy systems of $24.5 million and $19.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $67.4 million and $51.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The depreciation expense was reduced by the amortization of deferred grants of $3.7 million and $3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $11.1 million and $10.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

11 

Note 6. Indebtedness  
 As of September 30, 2016, debt consisted of the following (in thousands, except percentages): 

As of December 31, 2015, debt consisted of the following (in thousands, except percentages): 

(2)    
 
   Loans under the facility bear interest at LIBOR + 2.50% for the initial three-year revolving availability period, stepping up to LIBOR + 2.75% in the following two-year period.    

(3)    
 
 Loans under the facility bear interest at LIBOR + 5.50% for contracted SRECs and LIBOR + 9.00% for uncontracted SRECs.    

 12 

Bank Line of Credit  
 In April 2015, the Company entered into a syndicated working capital facility with banks for a total commitment of up to $205.0 million. In June 2016, the Company entered into amendments to  increase the syndicated working capital facility commitment by an incremental $40.0 million, for a total commitment of up to $245.0 million. In July 2016, the Company entered into an amendment to increase the syndicated working capital facility by an incremental $5.0 million, for a total commitment of up to $250.0 million.  The working capital facility is secured by substantially all of the unencumbered assets of the Company, as well as ownership interests in certain subsidiaries of the Company.  
 Under the terms of the working capital facility, the Company is required to meet various restrictive covenants, including meeting certain reporting requirements, such as the completion and presentation of audited consolidated financial statements. The Company is also required to maintain minimum unencumbered liquidity of at least $25.0 million in the aggregate as of the last day of each calendar month. The Company is further required to maintain a modified interest coverage ratio of 2.00 or greater, measured quarterly as of the last day of each quarter. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 
 Syndicated Credit Facilities 
 In January 2016, certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into secured credit facilities agreements with a syndicate of banks for up to $250.0 million in committed facilities. The facilities include a $220.0 million aggregation facility ( Aggregation Facility ), a $23.0 million term loan ( Term Loan ) and a $7.0 million letter of credit facility. The Aggregation Facility bears an interest rate of LIBOR + 2.50% in the initial three-year revolving availability period, stepping up to LIBOR + 2.75% in the following two-year period. The Term Loan bears an interest rate of LIBOR + 5.00% in the first three years, stepping up to LIBOR + 6.50% in the following two-year period, with a LIBOR floor of 1.00% in all cases. The principal and accrued interest on any outstanding loans mature on December 31, 2020. In May 2016, certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into amendments which increased the committed Aggregation Facility by $90.0 million to $310.0 million. No other material amendments were entered into in respect of these facilities. 
 The facilities are non-recourse to the Company and are secured by net cash flows of certain subsidiaries from Customer Agreements, less certain operating, maintenance and other expenses which are available to the borrowers after distributions to tax equity investors. The facilities contain customary covenants including the requirement to maintain certain financial measurements and provide lender reporting. The credit facilities also contain certain provisions in the event of default which entitle lenders to take certain actions including acceleration of amounts due under the facilities. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 
 In December 2014, subsidiaries of the Company entered into secured credit facilities agreements with a syndicate of banks for up to $195.4 million in committed facilities. These facilities include a $158.5 million senior term loan ( Term Loan A ) and a $24.0 million subordinated term loan ( Term Loan B ). In addition, the credit facilities also include a $5.0 million working capital revolver commitment and a $7.9 million senior secured revolving letter of credit facility which draws are solely for the purpose of satisfying the required debt service reserve amount if necessary. Term Loan A, the working capital revolver and the letter of credit bear interest at a rate of LIBOR + 2.75% with a 25 basis point step up triggered on the fourth anniversary. Term Loan B bears interest at a rate of LIBOR + 5.00% with a LIBOR floor of not less than 1.00%. Prepayments are permitted under Term Loan A at par without premium or penalty, and under Term Loan B prepayment penalties range from 0% - 2%, depending on the timing of the prepayment. 
 One of the Company s subsidiaries is the borrower under the Term Loan A agreement and another of the Company s subsidiaries is the borrower under the Term Loan B agreement. All obligations under Term Loan A, the working capital revolver and letter of credit are collateralized by the subsidiary borrower s membership interests and assets in the Company s investment Funds. All obligations under Term Loan B are collateralized by the membership interest in the subsidiary borrower. The credit facilities also contain certain provisions in the event of default, which entitle lenders to take actions, including acceleration of amounts due under the credit facilities and acquisition of membership interests and assets that are pledged to the lenders under the terms of the credit facilities. 
 The Company is required to maintain certain financial measurements and reporting covenants under the terms of the credit facilities. The Company was in compliance with the credit facility covenants as of September 30, 2016. 
 13 

Bank Term Loans  
 In July 2016, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a $33.0 million secured credit agreement. The facility is non-recourse to the Company and is secured by substantially all of the assets of the subsidiary, including its rights in and the net cash flows from the generation of contracted and uncontracted solar renewable energy credits ( SRECs ) by certain subsidiaries. The facility includes two tranches, one priced at LIBOR + 5.50% for SRECs currently under purchase contracts with counterparties and another tranche priced at LIBOR + 9.00% for uncontracted SRECs. Both tranches are subject to a LIBOR floor of 0.75%. During the initial six month commitment period, amounts borrowed may be repaid and reborrowed. The loan matures in July 2021. The facility contains customary covenants including the requirement to provide lender reporting. The Company guarantees the delivery of SRECs on the subsidiary s underlying contracts in the event of a delivery shortfall pursuant to the SREC contracts with counterparties. The Company does not guarantee payments of principal or interest on the loan. The credit facility also contains certain provisions in the event of default which entitles the lender to take certain actions including acceleration of amounts due under the facilities. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2016  
 In March 2016, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a $24.5 million secured, non-recourse loan agreement. The loan will be repaid through cashflows from a lease pass-through arrangement previously entered into by the Company. The loan matures in September 2022 and has an interest rate of LIBOR + 2.25%. The loan agreement contains customary covenants including the requirement to maintain certain financial measurements and provide lender reporting. The loan also contains certain provisions in the event of default which entitles the lender to take certain actions including acceleration of amounts due under the loan. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2016 
 In December 2013, a subsidiary of the Company entered into an agreement for a term loan of $38.0 million. The loan matures in April 2022 and has a fixed interest rate of 4.50%. The proceeds of this term loan were distributed to the members of this subsidiary, including the Company. The loan is secured by the assets and related cash flow of this subsidiary and is non-recourse to the Company s other assets. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 
   
 Notes Payable 
 In December 2013, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with an investor for the issuance of senior notes in exchange for proceeds of $27.2 million. The loan proceeds were distributed to the Company for general corporate purposes. On the last business day of each quarter, commencing with March 31, 2014, to the extent the Company s subsidiary has insufficient funds to pay the full amount of the stated interest of the outstanding loan balance, a payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest rate of 12% is accrued and added to the outstanding balance. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the portion of the outstanding loan balance that related to PIK interest was $9.0 million and $6.3 million, respectively. The senior notes are secured by the assets and related cash flows of certain of the Company s subsidiaries and are non-recourse to the Company s other assets. The entire outstanding principal balance is payable in full on the December 2018 maturity date. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 
 Solar Asset-Backed Notes 
 In July 2015, the Company entered into a securitization transaction pursuant to which the Company pooled and transferred qualifying solar energy systems and related lease agreements secured by associated customer contracts ( Solar Assets ) into a special purpose entity ( Issuer ), and issued $100.0 million in aggregate principal of Solar Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2015-1, Class A, and $11.0 million in aggregate principal of Solar Asset-Backed Notes, Class B, backed by these Solar Assets to certain investors ( Notes ). The Issuer is wholly owned by the Company and is consolidated in the Company s financial statements. Accordingly, the Company did not recognize a gain or loss on the transfer of these assets. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, these Solar Assets had a carrying value of $184.0 million and $190.2 million, respectively, and are included under solar energy systems, net, in the consolidated balance sheets. The Notes were issued at a discount of 0.08%. 
   The Company retained $7.3 million net of fees from proceeds from the Notes. In connection with the transaction, the Company modified two lease pass-through arrangements with an investor. The lease pass-through arrangements had been accounted for as a borrowing and any amounts outstanding from the arrangements were reported as lease pass-through financing obligation as further explained in Note 8,  Lease Pass-Through Financing Obligations . The balance that was then outstanding under these arrangements was $119.7 million. The Company partially repaid this obligation by  
 14 

paying the lease pass-through Fund investor an aggregate amount of $88.9 million. The Company accounted for the modification of the lease pass-through obligation as   a modification of debt and did not record any gain or loss on the transaction.  
 The modified lease-pass through arrangements require the majority of the cash flows generated by the Solar Assets to be passed on to the Issuer through monthly lease payments from the Fund investor. Those cash flows are used to service the monthly principal of the Notes and interest payments and satisfy the Issuer s expenses, and any residual cash flows are retained by the Fund investor and recorded as a reduction in the remaining financing obligation. The Company recognizes revenue earned from the associated Customer Agreements in accordance with the Company s revenue recognition policy. The assets and cash flows generated by the Solar Assets are not available to the other creditors of the Company, and the creditors of the Issuer, including the Note holders, have no recourse to the Company s other assets. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

Note 7. Derivatives 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge variable interest payments due on its syndicated term loans. These swaps allow the Company to incur fixed interest rates on these loans and receive payments based on variable interest rates with the swap counterparty based on the three month LIBOR on the notional amounts over the life of the swaps.  
 In January 2015, the Company purchased interest rate swaps with a notional amount aggregating $109.1 million. The interest rate swap contracts were executed with four counterparties who were part of the lender group on the Company s syndicated term loans. In April 2016, the Company purchased an interest rate swap with a notional amount of $13.1 million. The interest rate swap contract was executed with the lender on the Company s bank term loan which matures in September 2022. As of September 30, 2016, the unrealized fair market value loss on the interest rate swaps was $7.9 million as included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 The interest rate swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the hedge relationships on the Company s interest rate swaps have been assessed as highly effective as the critical terms of the interest rate swaps match the critical terms of the underlying forecasted hedged transactions. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are subsequently reclassified into earnings, and are included in interest expense, net in the Company s statement of operations, in the period that the hedged forecasted transactions affects earnings.  
 The Company recorded an unrealized gain of $0.4 million and an unrealized loss of $5.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, net of applicable tax expense of $0.3 million and tax benefit of $3.3 million, respectively. The Company recorded an unrealized loss of $4.7 million and $3.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, net of applicable tax benefit of $0.9 million and $0.0 million, respectively. The Company recognized interest expense on derivatives into earnings of $0.3 million and $0.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, net of tax expense of $0.2 million and $0.6 million, respectively. The Company recognized interest expense on derivatives into earnings of $0.6 million and $0.9 million, for three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, net of tax expense of $0.0 million for both periods. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional $1.7 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense. There were no undesignated derivative instruments recorded by the Company as of September 30, 2016. 
 At September 30, 2016, the Company had the following designated derivative instruments classified as derivative liabilities as reported in other liabilities in the Company s balance sheet (in thousands, other than quantity and interest rates): 

15 

Warrants  
 In July 2015, the Company entered into a letter of intent to issue warrants to purchase up to 1,250,764 shares of the Company s common stock to the former Series D and E preferred stockholders as an inducement to convert their shares of convertible preferred stock into shares of common stock immediately prior to the closing of the Company s initial public offering and waive any potential anti-dilution adjustments resulting from the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock in the Company s initial public offering. The warrants were issued on September 30, 2015. The warrants are exercisable for three years from the date of grant and have an exercise price of $22.50 per share. The warrant derivatives are recorded at fair value as derivative liabilities as reported in other liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The fair market value of the warrants on the commitment date was $1.5 million. The warrants are remeasured at each reporting period with the changes in the fair value presented in other expenses (income), net in the Company s statement of operations. 
 At  September 30, 2016 , the fair market value of the warrants was $0.1 million. At December 31, 2015, the fair market value of the warrants was $0.6 million, resulting in a gain of $0.0 million and $0.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Note 8. Lease Pass-Through Financing Obligations 
 The Company has five ongoing transactions referred to as  lease pass-through arrangements.  Under lease pass-through arrangements, the Company leases solar energy systems to Fund investors under a master lease agreement, and these investors in turn are assigned the leases with customers. The Company receives all of the value attributable to the accelerated tax depreciation and some or all of the value attributable to the other incentives. The Company assigns to the Fund investors the value attributable to the investment tax credits ( ITC ), and, for the duration of the master lease term, the long-term recurring customer payments. Given the assignment of the operating cash flows, these arrangements are accounted for as financing obligations. In addition, in one of the lease pass-through structures, the Company sold, as well as leased, solar energy systems to a Fund investor under a master purchase agreement. As the substantial risks and rewards in the underlying solar energy systems were retained by the Company, this arrangement was also accounted for as a financing obligation. 
 Under these lease pass-through arrangements, wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company finance the cost of solar energy systems with investors for an initial term of 20   25 years. The solar energy systems are subject to Customer Agreements with an initial term not exceeding 20 years. These solar energy systems are reported under the line item solar energy systems, net in the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the cost of the solar energy systems placed in service under the lease pass-through arrangements was $495.1 million and $447.4 million, respectively. The accumulated depreciation related to these assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $46.2 million and $33.5 million, respectively. 
 As discussed in Note 6,  Indebtedness , in connection with the pooling of assets related to the securitization transaction entered into in July 2015, an aggregate amount of $88.9 million of the lease pass-through financing obligation was repaid. 
 In September 2015, the Company entered into a new lease pass-through arrangement and in connection with this arrangement, the Company agreed to defer a portion (up to 25%) of the amounts required to be paid upfront under the arrangement through a loan between an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and a subsidiary of the investor. The term loan agreement as amended is for an aggregate amount up to $25.0 million. The loan is collateralized by the related cash flows assigned to the investor. There is a legal right to offset the loan if an event of default has occurred. Therefore, the lease pass-through financing obligation related to this arrangement is recorded net of the loan. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the loan amount was $23.8 million and $21.8 million, respectively. 

16 

Note 9. VIE   Arrangements  
 The Company consolidated various VIEs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The carrying amounts and classification of the VIEs  assets and liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows (in thousands): 

The Company holds a variable interest in an entity that provides the noncontrolling interest with a right to terminate the leasehold interests in all of the leased projects on the tenth anniversary of the effective date of the master lease. In this circumstance, the Company would be required to pay the noncontrolling interest an amount equal to the fair market value, as defined in the governing agreement of all leased projects as of that date. 
 The Company holds certain variable interests in nonconsolidated VIEs established as a result of five lease pass-through Fund arrangements as further explained in Note 8,  Lease Pass-Through Financing Obligations.  The Company does not have material exposure to losses as a result of its involvement with the VIEs in excess of the amount of the financing liability recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. 

17 

Note 10. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity  
 The changes in redeemable noncontrolling interests, total stockholders  equity and noncontrolling interests were as follows (in thousands):  

The carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interests was greater than the redemption value except for three and two Funds at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, where the carrying value has been adjusted to the redemption value.  

Note 11. Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock Options 
 The following table summarizes the activity for all stock options under all of the Company s equity incentive plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (shares in thousands): 

18 

Restricted Stock Units  
 The following table summarizes the activity for all restricted stock units ( RSUs ) under all of the Company s equity incentive plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (shares in thousands): 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In July 2015, the board of directors approved the 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ). Eligible employees are offered shares bi-annually through two six month offering periods, which begin on the first trading day on or after May 15 and November 15 of each year. The first offering period began on November 16, 2015. Employees may purchase a limited number of shares of the Company s common stock via regular payroll deductions at a discount of 15% of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first trading date of each offering period or on the exercise date. Employees may deduct up to 15% of payroll, with a cap of $25,000 of fair market value of shares in any calendar year and 2,000 shares per employee per offering period.  
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense, including ESPP expenses, in the consolidated statements of operations as follows (in thousands): 

Note 12. Income Taxes  
 The income tax expense rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 15.3% and 6.4%, respectively. The income tax expense rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was 1.3%. The income tax benefit rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was 3.0%. The differences between the actual consolidated effective income tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate were primarily attributable to the allocation of losses on noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests, which assumes a hypothetical liquidation of these partnerships as of the reporting dates. The effective tax rate was also impacted by prepaid income taxes due to intercompany transactions and other miscellaneous items. 
 The Company sells solar energy systems to investment Funds. As the investment Funds are consolidated by the Company, the gain on the sale of the assets has been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. These transactions are treated as intercompany sales and any tax expense incurred related to these sales is deferred and amortized over the depreciable life of the underlying solar energy systems which has been estimated to be 20 years. The deferral of the tax expense results in the recording of a prepaid tax asset. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company recorded long-term prepaid tax assets of $323.7 million and $190.1 million, respectively, net of amortization. 
 19 

Uncertain Tax Positions 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $1.5 million of unrecognized tax benefits related to the acquisition of CEE. In addition, there was $0.3 million of interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company does not have any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of gross unrecognized benefits will increase or decrease within the next 12 months. The Company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the United States, and various state and local jurisdictions. Due to the Company s net losses, substantially all of its federal, state and local income tax returns since inception are still subject to audit. 
   
  Net Operating Loss Carryforwards 
 As a result of the Company s net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2015, the Company does not expect to pay income tax, including in connection with its income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, until the Company s net operating losses are fully utilized. As of December 31, 2015, the Company s federal and state net operating loss carryforwards were $595.0 million and $546.6 million, respectively. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss will begin to expire in the year 2028 and the state net operating losses will begin to expire in the year 2020. 

Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Letters of Credit 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $7.7 million and $3.5 million, respectively, of unused letters of credit outstanding, which carry fees of 2.75%, per annum.  
 Non-cancellable Operating Leases 
 The Company leases facilities and equipment under non-cancellable operating leases. Total operating lease expenses were $2.9 million and $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $8.5 million and $4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Certain operating leases contain rent escalation clauses, which are recorded on a straight-line basis over the initial term of the lease with the difference between the rent paid and the straight-line rent recorded as a deferred rent liability. Lease incentives received from landlords are recorded as deferred rent liabilities and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term as a reduction to rent expense. Deferred rent liabilities were $2.7 million and $1.9 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 Capital Lease Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, capital lease obligations were $26.7 million and $24.0 million, respectively. The capital lease obligations bear interest at rates up to 10% per annum. 
 20 

Product Warranty  
  The Company accrues warranty costs when revenue is recognized for solar energy systems sales, based on the estimated future costs of meeting its warranty obligations. Warranty costs primarily consist of replacement costs for supplies and labor costs for service personnel since warranties for equipment and materials are covered by the original manufacturer s warranty (other than a small deductible in certain cases). As such, the warranty reserve is immaterial in all periods presented. The Company makes and revises these estimates based on the number of solar energy systems under warranty, the Company s historical experience with warranty claims, assumptions on warranty claims to occur over a systems  warranty period and the Company s estimated replacement costs.  
 Purchase Commitments 
 In January 2015, the Company entered into a purchase commitment with one of its suppliers to purchase $70.0 million of photovoltaic modules over the next 12 months with the first modules delivered in January 2015. In October 2015, the Company amended its commitment to purchase additional photovoltaic modules to be delivered until December 2016, with an option to extend certain commitments until March 31, 2017, for a total commitment of $146.0 million. In February 2016, the Company amended its commitment to reduce the price for products delivered after April 1, 2016. In July 2016, the Company amended its commitment to reduce the price of products delivered after July 11, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $21.8 million of purchase commitments remaining.  
 Guarantees 
 The Company guarantees one of its investors in one of its Funds an internal rate of return, calculated on an after-tax basis, in the event that it purchases the investor s interest or the investor sells its interest to the Company. The Company does not expect the internal rate of return to fall below the guaranteed amount; however, due to uncertainties associated with estimating the timing and amount of distributions to the investor and the possibility for and timing of the liquidation of the Fund, the Company is unable to determine the potential maximum future payments that it would have to make under this guarantee. 
 ITC and Cash Grant Indemnification 
 The Company is contractually committed to compensate certain investors for any losses that they may suffer in certain limited circumstances resulting from reductions in ITCs or U.S. Treasury grants. Generally, such obligations would arise as a result of reductions to the value of the underlying solar energy systems as assessed by the Internal Revenue Service (the  IRS ) or U.S. Department of the Treasury. At each balance sheet date, the Company assesses and recognizes, when applicable, the potential exposure from this obligation based on all the information available at that time, including any audits undertaken by the IRS. The Company believes that any payments to the investors in excess of the amount already recognized by the Company for this obligation are not probable based on the facts known as of the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The maximum potential future payments that the Company could have to make under this obligation would depend on the difference between the fair values of the solar energy systems sold or transferred to the Funds as determined by the Company and the values the IRS would determine as the fair value for the systems for purposes of claiming ITCs. ITCs are claimed based on the statutory regulations from the IRS. The Company uses fair values determined with the assistance of an independent third-party appraisal as the basis for determining the ITCs that are passed-through to and claimed by the Fund investors. Since the Company cannot determine how the IRS will evaluate system values used in claiming ITCs, the Company is unable to reliably estimate the maximum potential future payments that it could have to make under this obligation as of each balance sheet date. 
 Litigation 
 The Company is subject to certain legal proceedings, claims, investigations and administrative proceedings in the ordinary course of its business. The Company records a provision for a liability when it is both probable that the liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. These provisions, if any, are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. Depending on the nature and timing of any such proceedings that may arise, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company s future consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position in a particular period. 
   In July 2012, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Department of Justice (together, the  Government ) opened a civil investigation into the participation by residential solar developers in the Section 1603 grant program. The  
 21 

Government served subpoenas on several developers, including Sunrun, along with their investors and valuation firms. The focus of the investigation is the claimed fair market value of the so  lar energy systems the developers submitted to the Government in their grant applications. The Company has cooperated fully with the Government and plans to continue to do so. No claims have been brought against the Company. The Company is not able to esti  mate the ultimate outcome or a range of possible loss at this point in time.  
 On April 13, 2016, a purported shareholder class action captioned  Pytel v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case No. CIV 538215, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo, against the Company, certain of the Company s directors and officers, the underwriters of the Company s initial public offering and certain other defendants. The complaint generally alleges that the defendants violated Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 by making false or misleading statements in connection with the Company s August 5, 2015 initial public offering regarding the continuation of net metering programs. The plaintiffs seek to represent a class of persons who acquired the Company s common stock pursuant or traceable to the initial public offering. Plaintiffs seek compensatory damages, including interest, rescission or rescissory damages, an award of reasonable costs and attorneys  fees, and any equitable or injunctive relief deemed appropriate by the court. On April 21, 2016, a purported shareholder class action captioned  Mancy v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case No. CIV 538303, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo. On April 22, 2016, a purported shareholder class action captioned  Brown et al. v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case No. CIV 538311, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo. On April 29, 2016, a purported shareholder class action captioned  Baker et al. v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case No. CIV 538419, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo. On May 6, 2016, a purported shareholder class action captioned  Greenberg v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case 3:16-cv-02480, was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. On May 10, 2016, a purported shareholder class action captioned  Nunez v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case No. CIV 538593, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo. On June 10, 2016, a purported shareholder class action captioned  Steinberg v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case No. 539064, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo. The  Mancy ,  Brown ,  Baker, Greenberg, Nunez  and  Steinberg  complaints are substantially similar to the  Pytel  complaint, and seek similar relief against similar defendants on behalf of the same purported class.  
 On April 21, 2016, a purported shareholder class action captioned  Cohen, et al. v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case No. CIV 538304, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo, against the Company, certain of the Company s directors and officers, and the underwriters of the Company s initial public offering. The complaint generally alleges that the defendants violated Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 by making false or misleading statements in connection with an August 5, 2015 initial public offering regarding the Company s business practices and its dependence on complex financial instruments. The  Cohen  plaintiffs seek to represent the same class and seek similar relief as the plaintiffs in the  Pytel ,  Mancy ,  Brown ,  Greenberg, Nunez, Steinberg  and  Baker  actions. 
 On September 26, 2016, the  Baker, Brown, Cohen, Mancy, Nunez, Pytel and Steinberg  actions were consolidated. The Company intends to defend itself vigorously against these complaints. The Company is not able to estimate the ultimate outcome or a range of possible loss at this time. 
 On May 19, 2016, a shareholder derivative complaint captioned  Smith v. Sunrun Inc., et al. , Case No. CIV 538739, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo, against certain of the Company s directors and officers, certain other defendants, and the Company as nominal defendant. The complaint generally alleges that the defendants caused the Company to make false or misleading statements in connection with the Company s August 5, 2015 initial public offering, in violation of Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, and as a result breached their fiduciary duties, were unjustly enriched, engaged in misconduct that constituted an abuse of their ability to control and influence the Company, engaged in gross mismanagement and caused waste of corporate assets. On September 11, 2016, the plaintiffs  requested a motion to dismiss the complaint because they decided to not proceed with the matter at this time, which the court granted without prejudice on September 20, 2016. 

22 

Note 14. Net Income (Loss) Per Share   
 The computation of the Company s basic and diluted net income (loss) per share are as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

The following shares were excluded from the computation of diluted net income (loss) per share as the impact of including those shares would be anti-dilutive (in thousands): 

Note 15. Related Party Transactions 
 An individual who serves as one of the Company s directors has direct and indirect ownership interests in Enphase Energy, Inc. ( Enphase ). For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $4.3 million and $3.3 million, respectively, and $18.7 million and $8.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, in purchases from Enphase and had outstanding payables to Enphase of $2.7 million and $0.7 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 An individual who serves as one of the Company s directors is also a director of Aquion, Inc. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $0.1 and $0.3 million, respectively, in purchases from Aquion, Inc. and had a de minimis amount of outstanding payables as of September 30, 2016. Prior to January 1, 2016, the Company did not make purchases from Aquion, Inc. 

23 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The discussion in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as  may,   will,   should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   could,   intends,   target,   projects,   contemplates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential  or  continue  or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to finance solar energy systems through financing arrangements with fund or other investors;     

our ability and intent to establish new investment funds;     

our dependence on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives;     

determinations by the Internal Revenue Service or the U.S. Department of the Treasury of the fair market value of our solar energy systems;     

the retail price of utility-generated electricity or electricity from other energy sources;     

regulatory and policy development and changes;     

our ability to maintain an adequate rate of revenue growth;     

our industry s continued ability to cut costs associated with solar service offerings;     

the sufficiency of our cash, investment fund commitments and available borrowings to meet our anticipated cash needs;      

our need to raise capital and finance our operations from new and existing investors;     

the potential impact of interest rates on our interest expense;     

our business plan and our ability to effectively manage our growth;     

our ability to further penetrate existing markets, expand into new markets and our expectations regarding market growth (including, but not limited to, expected cancellation rates);     

our expectations concerning relationships with third parties, including the attraction and retention of qualified channel partners;      

the impact of seasonality on our business;     

our investment in research and development;     

our expectations regarding certain performance objectives; and     

the calculation of certain of our key financial and operating metrics and accounting policies.     

 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in the section titled  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
   You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the  
 24 

forward-looking statements. We undertake   no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law.  
 You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 Overview 
 We provide clean, solar energy to homeowners at a significant savings compared to traditional utility energy. We have been selling solar energy to residential customers through a variety of offerings since we were founded in 2007. We, either directly or through one of our solar partners, install a solar energy system on a customer s home and either sell the system to the homeowner or, as is more often the case, sell the energy generated by the system to the homeowner pursuant to a lease or power purchase agreement ( PPA ) with no or low upfront costs. We refer to these leases and PPAs as  Customer Agreements.  Following installation, a system is interconnected to the local utility grid. The home s energy usage is provided by the solar energy system, with any additional energy needs provided by the local utility. Unless the solar energy system is connected to a battery, through the use of a bi-directional utility meter, any excess solar energy that is not immediately used by the homeowner is exported to the utility grid, and the homeowner generally receives a credit for the excess energy from their utility to offset future usage of utility-generated energy. 
 We offer our solar service offerings both directly to the homeowner and through our solar partners, which include sales and installation partners, and strategic partners, which include retail partners. In addition, we sell solar energy systems directly to customers for cash. We also sell solar energy panels and other products (such as racking) to resellers. As of September 30, 2016, we provided our solar services to customers in 15 states, plus the District of Columbia, and sold solar energy panels and other products to resellers throughout the United States. Approximately half of our cumulative systems deployed are in California.  
 We compete mainly with traditional utilities. In the markets we serve, our strategy is to price the energy we sell below prevailing local retail electricity rates. As a result, the price our customers pay to buy energy from us through our solar service offerings varies depending on the state where the customer lives, the local traditional utility that otherwise provides electricity to the customer, as well as the prices other solar energy companies charge in that region. Even within the same neighborhood, site-specific characteristics drive meaningful variability in the revenue and cost profiles of each home. Using our proprietary technology, we target homes with advantageous revenue and cost characteristics, which means we are often able to offer pricing that allows customers to save more on their energy bill while maintaining our ability to meet our targeted returns. For example, with the insights provided by our technology, we can offer competitive pricing to customers with homes that have favorable characteristics, such as roofs that allow for easy installation, high electricity consumption, or low shading, effectively passing through the cost savings we are able to achieve on these installations to the homeowner. 
 Our ability to offer Customer Agreements depends in part on our ability to finance the purchase and installation of the solar energy systems by monetizing the resulting customer cash flows and related investment tax credits ( ITCs ), accelerated tax depreciation and other incentives from governments and local utilities. We monetize these incentives under tax equity investment funds which are generally structured as non-recourse project financings. From inception to November 7, 2016, we have established 26 investment funds, which represent financing for an estimated $4.6 billion in value of solar energy systems on a cumulative basis. We intend to establish additional investment funds and may also use debt, equity and other financing strategies to fund our growth. 
 Recent Developments 
 At the end of 2015, we began to slow our operations in Nevada as the result of proposed regulatory changes, including elimination of net metering. In early 2016, we ceased our operations in Nevada in response to the issuance of the final rules by the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada ( PUCN ). However, due to a September 2016 PUCN Order, customers who had installed a solar energy system or submitted and had pending a net metering application prior to December 31, 2015, will be grandfathered in under the prior retail net metering rates for a 20-year period. 
 25 

Investment Funds  
 Our Customer Agreements provide for recurring customer payments, typically over 20 years, and the related solar energy systems are generally eligible for ITCs, accelerated tax depreciation and other government or utility incentives. Our financing strategy is to monetize these benefits at a low weighted average cost of capital. This low cost of capital enables us to offer attractive pricing to our customers for the energy generated by the solar energy system on their homes. Historically, we have monetized a portion of the value created by our Customer Agreements and the related solar energy systems through investment funds. These assets are attractive to fund investors due to the long-term, recurring nature of the cash flows generated by our Customer Agreements, the high credit scores of our customers, the fact that energy is a non-discretionary good and our low loss rates. In addition, fund investors can receive attractive after-tax returns from our investment funds due to their ability to utilize ITCs, accelerated depreciation and certain government or utility incentives associated with the funds  ownership of solar energy systems. 
 From inception to November 7, 2016, we have formed 26 investment funds. Of these 26 funds, 21 are currently active and are described below. We have established different types of investment funds to implement our asset monetization strategy. Depending on the nature of the investment fund, cash may be contributed to the investment fund by the investor upfront or in stages based on milestones associated with the design, construction or interconnection status of the solar energy systems. The cash contributed by the fund investor is used by the investment fund to purchase solar energy systems. The investment funds either own or enter into a master lease with a Sunrun subsidiary for the solar energy systems, Customer Agreements and associated incentives. We then receive on-going cash distributions from the investment funds representing a portion of the monthly customer payments received. We use the upfront cash, as well as on-going distributions to cover our costs associated with designing, purchasing and installing the solar energy systems. In addition, we also use debt, equity and other financing strategies to fund our operations. The allocation of the economic benefits between us and the fund investor and the corresponding accounting treatment varies depending on the structure of the investment fund. 
 We currently utilize three legal structures in our investment funds, which we refer to as: (i) lease pass-throughs, (ii) partnership flips and (iii) joint venture ( JV ) inverted leases. We reflect lease pass-through arrangements on our consolidated balance sheet as a lease pass-through financing obligation. We record the investor s interest in partnership flips or JV inverted leases (which we define collectively as  consolidated joint ventures ) as noncontrolling interests or redeemable noncontrolling interests. These consolidated joint ventures are usually redeemable at our option and, in certain cases, at the investor s option. If redemption is at our option or the consolidated joint ventures are not redeemable, we record the investor s interest as a noncontrolling interest and account for the interest using the hypothetical liquidation at book value ( HLBV ) method. If the investor has the option to put their interest to us, we record the investor s interest as redeemable noncontrolling interest at the greater of the HLBV and the redemption value.  
 26 

The table below provides an overview of our current investment funds (in   millions, except number of funds and MW deployed):  

For further information regarding our investment funds, including the associated risks, see  Risk Factors Our ability to provide our solar service offerings to homeowners on an economically viable basis depends in part on our ability to finance these systems with fund investors who seek particular tax and other benefits  and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 27 

Key Operating Metrics  
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key operating metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. Some of our key operating metrics are estimates that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each of these estimates, we caution you that these estimates are based on a combination of assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate over time. Such inaccuracies could be material to our actual results when compared to our calculations. Please see the section titled  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. Furthermore, other companies may calculate these metrics differently than we do now or in the future, which would reduce their usefulness as a comparative measure. 

Megawatts Booked   represents the aggregate megawatt production capacity of our solar energy systems sold directly to customers or subject to an executed Customer Agreement, net of cancellations.     

Megawatts Deployed   represents the aggregate megawatt production capacity of our solar energy systems, whether sold directly to customers or subject to executed Customer Agreements, for which we have (i) confirmation that the systems are installed on the roof, subject to final inspection or (ii) in the case of certain system installations by our partners, accrued at least 80% of the expected project cost.     

Estimated Nominal Contracted Payments Remaining   equals the sum of the remaining cash payments that customers are expected to pay over the initial terms of their Customer Agreements (not including the value of any renewal or system purchase at the end of the initial contract term, but including estimated uncollected prepayments), for systems contracted as of the measurement date.     

 28 

Estimated Retained Value   represents the cash flows, discounted at 6%, that we expect to receive from homeowners purs  uant to Customer Agreements, net of estimated cash distributions to investors in consolidated joint ventures and estimated operating, maintenance and administrative expenses for systems contracted as of the measurement date. In calculating estimated retain  ed value, we do not deduct customer payments we are obligated to pass through to investors in lease pass-throughs as these amounts are reflected on our balance sheet as long-term and short-term lease pass-through obligations, similar to the way that debt o  bligations are presented. In determining our finance strategy, we use lease pass-throughs and long-term debt in an equivalent fashion as the schedule of payments of distributions to the investor is more similar to the payment of interest to lenders than th  e IRRs paid in other tax equity structures to investors.     

 Consistent with industry standards, we use a discount rate of 6%. We consider a discount rate of 6% to be appropriate and consistent with recent market transactions that demonstrate that a portfolio of residential solar homeowner contracts is an asset class that can be securitized successfully on a long-term basis, with a coupon of less than 5%. We calculate the estimated value of the purchase or renewal amount at the expiration of the initial contract term assuming a 10-year renewal at a contract rate equal to 90% of the customer s contractual rate in effect at the end of the initial contract term. After the initial (typically 20-year) contract term, our Customer Agreements provide customers the option to renew their contracts for the remaining life of the solar energy system typically at a 10% discount to then-prevailing power prices. 
 Estimated retained value is forecasted as of a specific date. It is forward-looking, and we use judgment in developing the assumptions used to calculate it. Factors that could impact estimated retained value include, but are not limited to, customer payment defaults, or declines in utility rates or early termination of a contract in certain circumstances, including prior to installation.  

o   
 
  Estimated Retained Value Under Energy Contract   represents the net cash flows during the initial (typically 20 year) term of our Customer Agreements (less substantially all value from SRECs prior to July 1, 2015).       

o   
 
  Estimated Retained Value of Purchase or Renewal   is the forecasted net present value we would receive upon or following the expiration of the initial contract term (either in the form of cash payments during any applicable renewal period or a system purchase at the end of the initial term).     

o   
 
  Estimated Retained Value Per Watt   is calculated by dividing the estimated retained value as of the measurement date by the aggregate nameplate capacity of solar energy systems deployed with executed Customer Agreements as of such date.     

29 

The tables below provide a range of estimated retained value amounts if different default, discount and purchase and renewal assumptions were used.   
   
 Estimated retained value under energy contracts: 

Estimated retained value of purchase: 

Estimated total retained value: 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 30 

Results of Operations  
 The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

31 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
 Revenue 

Operating Leases and Incentives . Operating lease revenue increased by $10.5 million, due to both an increase in solar energy systems under Customer Agreements being placed in service in the period from October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016, and a full quarter of revenue recognized in the third quarter of 2016 for systems placed in service in the third quarter of 2015 versus only a portion recognized in the third quarter of 2015. Revenue from incentives increased by $1.0 million primarily due to an increase in ITC revenue, which relates to solar energy systems in lease pass-through funds being placed in service in the prior year as we recognize revenue from the monetization of these ITCs annually over five years on each anniversary of a solar energy system s permission-to-operate date.  
 Solar Energy Systems and Product Sales . Revenue from solar energy systems sales increased by $17.7 million compared to the prior year period due to increased sales and marketing efforts.  
 Operating Expenses 

Cost of Operating Leases and Incentives . The $12.0 million increase in cost of operating leases and incentives was primarily due to the increase in solar energy systems placed in service in the period from October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016, plus a full quarter of costs recognized for systems placed in service in the third quarter of 2015 versus only a partial quarter of such expenses related to the period in which the assets were in service in 2015. This resulted in a $6.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization of solar energy system equipment costs and initial direct costs, as well as an increase of $5.6 million in non capitalizable costs, associated with building and maintaining solar energy systems subject to Customer Agreements.   
   
   The cost of operating leases and incentives increased to 94% of operating lease and incentives revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016, from 91% during the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was due to an increase in megawatts installed directly by us, rather than installed by a solar partner, as a result of our increased internal sales and marketing efforts. Leased systems installed by us bear an allocation of costs, such as warehouse rent and utilities, information technology, administrative and product planning costs, that are expensed during the construction and installation phase as these costs do not meet the criteria for capitalization under Accounting  
 32 

Standards Codification ( ASC ) 360   Property, Plant, and Equipment  . These costs can fluctuate depending on the volume of megawatts installed directly by us for systems under an operating lease, and are not necessarily proportional   to the increase in revenue generated by our entire fleet of leased systems. As such, the cost of operating leases and incentives as a percentage of operating lease and incentives revenue can vary from period to period.  
 Cost of Solar Energy Systems and Product Sales . The $10.8 million increase in cost of solar energy systems and product sales represents an increase in material and personnel costs associated with solar energy systems sold directly to customers as well as solar panels, inverters and other solar-related products sold to resellers, as well as the costs associated with the customer lead sales for Clean Energy Experts, LLC ( CEE ).   
 Sales and Marketing Expense.  The $5.2 million decrease in sales and marketing expense was attributable to the decrease in our use of certain third party lead generation and direct mailer provider services as we continue to generate more leads internally as a result of our acquisition of CEE.   
 Research and Development Expense . The $0.2     million increase in research and development expenses primarily relates to an increase in headcount to support the growth of our business.  
 Non-Operating Expenses 

Interest Expense, net.  The increase in interest expense, net of $5.5 million was related to additional borrowings entered into in late 2015 and in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Income Tax Expense  

The tax expense at the statutory rate of 34.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was reduced by the allocation of the losses to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests of 48.0% and by other miscellaneous items of 1.3%. The tax expense at the statutory rate of 34.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was reduced by the allocation of the losses to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests of 33.1%, by the tax impact of intercompany transactions of 1.3% and other miscellaneous items of 0.9%.  
 The majority of our tax expense relates to an increase in our deferred tax liabilities related to partnerships. Given our net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2015, we do not expect to pay income tax, including in connection with our 2016 income tax provision, until our net operating losses are fully utilized. As of December 31, 2015, our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards were $595.0 million and $546.6 million, respectively. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss will begin to expire in the year 2028 and the state net operating losses will begin to expire in the year 2020. 
   
 Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

33 

The increase in net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests was primarily a result of the addition of five investment funds since September 30, 2015, as well as the HLBV method used in determining the amount of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests, which generally allocates more loss to the noncontrolling interest in the first several years after fund formation. 
   
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Revenue 

Operating Leases and Incentives . Operating lease revenue increased by $28.7 million related to an increase in solar assets under Customer Agreements being placed in service in the period from October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 and due to nine months of revenue recognized in 2016 for systems placed in service in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 versus only a portion recognized in 2015. Revenue from incentives increased by $6.0 million primarily due to an increase in ITC revenue, which relates to solar energy systems in lease pass-through funds being placed in service in the prior year as we recognize revenue from the monetization of these ITCs annually over five years on each anniversary of a solar energy system s permission-to-operate date.  
 Solar Energy Systems and Product Sales . Revenue from solar energy systems sales increased by $70.9 million compared to the prior year period due to increased sales and marketing efforts. Product sales increased by $22.7 million compared to the prior period due to increases in volume of all products sold and our acquisition of CEE in April 2015.   
 Operating Expenses 

34 

Cost of Operating Leases and Incentives  . The $40.3 million increase in cost of operating leases and incentives was primarily due to the increase in solar energ  y systems placed in service in the period from October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016, plus nine months of costs recognized for systems placed in service in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 versus only a portion of a nine month period of such e  xpenses related to the period in which the assets were in service in 2015. This resulted in a $16.1 million increase in depreciation and amortization of solar energy system equipment costs and initial direct costs and an increase of $24.2 million in non-ca  pitalizable costs, associated with building and maintaining solar energy systems subject to Customer Agreements which includes $1.7 million in severance-related expenses and cancellation expenses related to the exit of our Nevada operations during the firs  t quarter of 2016.  
   
 The cost of operating leases and incentives increased to 95% of operating lease and incentives revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from 87% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was due to an increase in megawatts installed directly by us, rather than installed by a solar partner, as a result of our increased internal sales and marketing efforts. Leased systems installed by us bear an allocation of costs, such as warehouse rent and utilities, information technology, administrative and product planning costs, that are expensed during the construction and installation phase as these costs do not meet the criteria for capitalization under ASC 360  Property, Plant, and Equipment . These costs can fluctuate depending on the volume of megawatts installed directly by us for systems under an operating lease, and are not necessarily proportional to the increase in revenue generated by our entire fleet of leased systems. As such, the cost of operating leases and incentives as a percentage of operating lease and incentives revenue can vary from period to period.  
 Cost of Solar Energy Systems and Product Sales . The $70.0 million increase in cost of solar energy systems and product sales represents an increase in material and personnel costs associated with solar energy systems sold directly to customers, solar panels, inverters and other solar-related products sold to resellers and costs associated with customer lead sales for CEE. In addition, we incurred $0.3 million in severance-related expenses and cancellation expenses related to the exit of our Nevada operations during the first quarter of 2016.  
 Sales and Marketing Expense.  The $22.8 million increase in sales and marketing expense was attributable to the expansion of our direct-to-consumer channel as well as costs associated with the growth of our business including entering new markets, which resulted in increasing hiring of sales and marketing personnel and internal lead generation costs. In addition, we incurred $1.6 million related to a write-off of initial direct costs related to canceled deals and severance-related expenses in connection with the exit of our Nevada operations.  
 General and Administrative Expense . The $6.7 million increase in general and administrative expenses primarily relates to an increase in professional services and hiring of personnel to support the growth of our business and ability to operate as a public company.  
 Amortization of Intangible Assets . The $0.5 million increase in amortization expense resulted from the amortization of intangible assets acquired from the CEE acquisition in April 2015.  
 Non-Operating Expenses 

Interest Expense, net.  The increase in interest expense, net of $14.5 million was related to additional borrowings entered into in late 2015 and in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
   Other Expenses (income), net . The decrease in other expenses (income), net of $1.9 million primarily relates to expenses incurred related to an entity which was recorded on an equity method basis of accounting in 2015, offset by the change in fair value of warrant derivatives that were issued to former Series D and E preferred stockholders as an   
 35 

inducement to convert their shares of convertible preferred stock into shares of common stock immediately prior to the closing of o  ur initial public offering.    
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit)  

The tax expense at the statutory rate of 34.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was reduced by the allocation of the losses to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests of 46.6%, by other miscellaneous items of 1.2% and increased by the tax impact of intercompany transactions of 7.4%. The tax benefit at the statutory rate of 34.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was reduced by the allocation of the losses to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests of 30.5%, other miscellaneous items of 1.1% and increased by the tax impact of intercompany transactions of 0.6%. 
 The majority of our tax expense relates to an increase in our deferred tax liabilities related to partnerships. Given our net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2015, we do not expect to pay income tax, including in connection with our 2016 income tax provision, until our net operating losses are fully utilized. As of December 31, 2015, our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards were $595.0 million and $546.6 million, respectively. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss will begin to expire in the year 2028 and the state net operating losses will begin to expire in the year 2020. 
 Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests  

The increase in net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests was primarily a result of the addition of five investment funds since September 30, 2015, as well as the HLBV method used in determining the amount of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests, which generally allocates more loss to the noncontrolling interest in the first several years after fund formation. 
 36 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of $207.5 million, which consisted of cash held in checking and savings accounts with financial institutions. We finance our operations mainly through a variety of financing fund arrangements that we have formed with fund investors, borrowings, cash generated from our sources of revenue and more recently, proceeds from secured credit facilities agreements with a syndicate of banks for up to $340.0 million in committed facilities and a $24.5 million secured, non-recourse loan arrangement. Our principal uses of cash are funding our business, including the costs of acquisition and installation of solar energy systems, satisfaction of our obligations under our debt instruments and other working capital requirements. Our business model requires substantial outside financing arrangements to grow the business and facilitate the deployment of additional solar energy systems. The solar energy systems that are operational are expected to generate a positive return rate over the term of the Customer Agreement, typically 20 years. However, in order to grow, we will continue to be dependent on financing from outside parties. If financing is not available to us on acceptable terms if and when needed, we may be required to reduce planned spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. While there can be no assurances, we anticipate raising additional required capital from new and existing investors. We believe our cash, investment fund commitments and available borrowings as further described below will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Operating Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $127.2 million in net cash in operating activities. The driver of our operating cash inflow consists of payments received from customers. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had an increase in deferred revenue of approximately $7.2 million relating to upfront lease payments received from customers and solar energy system incentive rebate payments received from various state and local utilities. This increase was offset by our operating cash outflows of $109.7 million from our net loss excluding non-cash and non-operating items. Changes in inventory resulted in a cash outflow of $14.6 million. Changes in working capital, other than deferred revenue and inventory, resulted in a cash outflow of $10.1 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we used $71.9 million in net cash from operations. The primary driver of our operating cash inflow consists of payments received from customers. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we had an increase in deferred revenue of approximately $31.9 million relating to upfront lease payments received from customers and solar energy system incentive rebate payments received from various state and local utilities. Net changes in working capital resulted in a cash inflow of $12.2 million. This increase was offset by our operating cash outflows of $116.0 million from our net loss excluding non-cash and non-operating items.  
 Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $545.7 million in cash in investing activities. Of this amount, we used $530.3 million to acquire and install solar energy systems and components under our long-term Customer Agreements, $10.4 million for the acquisition of office equipment, leasehold improvements and furniture and $5.0 million for additional purchase consideration for the acquisition of CEE. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we used $431.9 million in cash in investing activities. Of this amount, we used $408.9 million to acquire and install solar energy systems and components under our long-term Customer Agreements, $14.6   million for the CEE acquisition in April 2015 and $8.4 million for the acquisition of vehicle, office equipment, leasehold improvements and furniture. 
 37 

Financing Activities  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated $676.6 million from financing activities. This was primarily driven by $408.7 million in net proceeds from fund investors, $265.1 million in proceeds from debt, net of debt issuance costs and repayments, including repayment of asset-backed notes, and $9.1 million from state grants, net of recapture.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we generated $614.6 million from financing activities. This was primarily driven by $223.5 million in net proceeds from our initial public offering, net of offering costs, $179.9 million in net proceeds from fund investors, $414.2 million in proceeds from debt, net of debt issuance costs and repayments, offset by repayments of $201.2 million on debt. 
 Debt and Financing Fund Commitments 
 Debt Instruments 
 For a discussion of the terms and conditions of debt instruments and changes thereof in the period, refer to Note 6,  Indebtedness,  to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Investment Fund Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had undrawn committed capital of approximately $148.7 million which may only be used to purchase and install solar energy systems. We intend to establish new investment funds in the future, and we may also use debt, equity or other financing strategies to finance our business.  
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We include in our consolidated financial statements all assets and liabilities and results of operations of investment fund arrangements that we have entered into. We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

38 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitati  ve Disclosures About Market Risk  
 We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Our primary exposure includes changes in interest rates because certain borrowings bear interest at floating rates based on LIBOR plus a specified margin. We sometimes manage our interest rate exposure on floating-rate debt by entering into derivative instruments to hedge all or a portion of our interest rate exposure in certain debt facilities. We do not enter into any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and operating expenses and reducing funds available for capital investments, operations and other purposes. A hypothetical 10% increase in our interest rates on our variable rate debt facilities would have increased our interest expense by $0.5 million and $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our  disclosure controls and procedures  as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.  
 In connection with that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 See Note 13,  Commitments and Contingencies , to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
   
     Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
   Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the section titled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business,  
 39 

financial condition, results of operations, c  ash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.  
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 We need to raise capital to finance the continued growth of our residential solar service business. If capital is not available to us on acceptable terms, as and when needed, our business and prospects would be materially and adversely impacted. In addition, our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Volatility in current economic conditions could adversely impact our business, including our ability to raise financing. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to raise capital from third parties to grow our business. To date, we have funded our business principally through low-cost tax equity investment funds. If we are unable to establish new investment funds when needed, or upon desirable terms, the growth of our solar service business would be impaired. 
 The contract terms in certain of our existing investment fund documents contain various conditions with respect to our ability to draw on financing commitments from the fund investors, including conditions that restrict our ability to draw on such commitments if an event occurs that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the fund or, in some instances, us. If we were not able to satisfy such conditions due to events related to our business, a specific investment fund, developments in our industry, including tax or regulatory changes, or otherwise, and as a result, we were unable to draw on existing funding commitments, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If any of the investors that currently invest in our investment funds were to decide not to invest in future investment funds to finance our solar service offerings due to general market conditions, concerns about our business or prospects or any other reason, or materially change the terms under which they were willing to provide future financing, we would need to identify new investors to invest in our investment funds and our cost of capital may increase. 
 In addition, our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy. A general slowdown or volatility in current economic conditions, stemming from the level of U.S. national debt, currency fluctuations, unemployment rates, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. housing market, inflation levels, negative interest rates, energy costs and concerns over the slow economic recovery could adversely affect our business, including our ability to raise financing.   
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully access capital in a manner that supports the growth of our business. Certain sources of capital may not be available in the future, and competition for any available funding may increase. We cannot be sure that we will be able to maintain necessary levels of funding without incurring high funding costs, unfavorable changes in the terms of funding instruments or the liquidation of certain assets. If we are unable to continue to offer a competitive investment profile, we may lose access to these funds or they may only be available on less favorable terms than those provided to our competitors or currently provided to us. If we are unable to arrange new or alternative methods of financing on favorable terms, our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The solar energy industry is an emerging market that is constantly evolving and may not develop to the size or at the rate we expect. 
 The solar energy industry is an emerging and constantly evolving market opportunity. We believe the solar energy industry will take several years to fully develop and mature, and we cannot be certain that the market will grow at the rate we expect. For example, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we experienced increases in cancellations of our Customer Agreements in certain markets. Any future growth of the solar energy market and the success of our solar service offerings depend on many factors beyond our control, including recognition and acceptance of the solar service market by consumers, the pricing of alternative sources of energy, a favorable regulatory environment, the continuation of expected tax benefits and other incentives and our ability to provide our solar service offerings cost-effectively. If the markets for solar energy do not develop at the rate we expect, our business may be adversely affected.  
   Solar energy has yet to achieve broad market acceptance and depends in part on continued support in the form of rebates, tax credits and other incentives from federal, state and local governments. If this support diminishes, our ability to obtain external financing on acceptable terms, or at all, could be materially adversely affected. These types of funding limitations could lead to inadequate financing support for the anticipated growth in our business. Furthermore, growth in residential solar energy depends in part on macroeconomic conditions, retail prices of electricity and homeowner  
 40 

preferences, each of which can change quickly. Declining macroeconomic conditions, including in the job markets and residential real estate markets, could contribute to instabil  ity and uncertainty among homeowners and impact their financial wherewithal, credit scores or interest in entering into long-term contracts, even if such contracts would generate immediate and long-term savings.  
 Market prices of retail electricity generated by utilities or other energy sources could decline for a variety of reasons, as discussed further below. Any such declines in macroeconomic conditions or changes in homeowner preferences would adversely impact our business. 
 Our ability to provide our solar service offerings to homeowners on an economically viable basis depends in part on our ability to finance these systems with fund investors who seek particular tax and other benefits. 
 Our solar service offerings have been eligible for federal investment tax credits ( ITCs ), U.S. Treasury grants and other tax benefits. We have relied on, and will continue to rely on, tax equity investment funds, which are financing structures that monetize a substantial portion of those benefits, in order to finance our solar service offerings. If, for any reason, we were unable to continue to monetize those benefits through these arrangements, we may be unable to provide and maintain our solar service offerings for homeowners on an economically viable basis. 
 The availability of this tax-advantaged financing depends upon many factors, including: 

our ability to compete with other solar energy companies for the limited number of potential fund investors, each of which has limited funds and limited appetite for the tax benefits associated with these financings;     

the state of financial and credit markets;     

changes in the legal or tax risks associated with these financings; and     

non-renewal of these incentives or decreases in the associated benefits.     

 The federal government currently offers a 30% ITC (the  Commercial ITC ) under Section 48(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), for the installation of certain solar power facilities prior to December 31, 2016, for taxpayers using solar property in a trade or business. The Commercial ITC was set to step down to 10% at the end of 2016, however in December 2015, Congress passed legislation extending the Commercial ITC for an additional five years with a ramp down from 30% to 26% in 2020 and then further to 22% in 2021. Current law states that the Commercial ITC will remain at 10% permanently after 2021. Potential investors must remain satisfied that the funding structures that we offer will make the tax benefits associated with solar energy systems available to these investors, which depends both on the investors  assessment of the tax law and the absence of any unfavorable interpretations of that law. Adverse changes in existing law or interpretations of existing law by the Internal Revenue Service (the  IRS ) and the courts could reduce the willingness of investors to invest in funds associated with these solar energy systems. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that this type of financing will continue to be available to us. New investment fund structures or other financing mechanisms may also become available, and if we are unable to take advantage of these fund structures and financing mechanisms, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. If, for any reason, we were unable to finance our solar service offerings through tax-advantaged structures or if we were unable to realize or monetize Commercial ITCs or other tax benefits, we would no longer be able to provide our solar service offerings to new homeowners on an economically viable basis, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If the Internal Revenue Service or the U.S. Department of the Treasury makes determinations that the fair market value of our solar energy systems is materially lower than what we have claimed, we may have to pay significant amounts to our fund investors and our business, financial condition and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 
   We and our fund investors claim the Commercial ITC or the U.S. Treasury grant in amounts based on the fair market value of our solar energy systems. We have obtained independent appraisals to determine the fair market values we report for claiming Commercial ITCs and U.S. Treasury grants. The IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department review these fair market values. With respect to U.S. Treasury grants, the U.S. Treasury Department reviews the reported fair market value in determining the amount initially awarded, and the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department may also subsequently audit the fair market value and determine that amounts previously awarded must be repaid to the U.S. Treasury Department or that excess awards constitute taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. With respect to Commercial ITCs, the IRS may review the fair market value on audit and determine that the tax credits previously claimed  
 41 

must be reduced. If the fair market value is determined in these circumstances to be less than what we reported, we may owe our fund investors an amount equal to this dif  ference, plus any costs and expenses associated with a challenge to that valuation. We could also be subject to tax liabilities, including interest and penalties. If the IRS or the U.S. Treasury Department further disagrees now or in the future with the am  ounts we reported regarding the fair market value of our solar energy systems, or if we receive an adverse outcome with respect to the Department of the Treasury Inspector General investigation discussed elsewhere in the Risk Factors and in Item 1. Legal P  roceedings in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. For example, a hypothetical five percent downward adjustment in the fair market value of the solar energy systems   related to approximately $269.0 million in U.S. Treasury grants that we have received since the beginning of the U.S. Treasury grant program through December 31, 2014, would obligate us to repay approximately $14.0 million to our fund investors. Four of ou  r investment funds are currently being audited by the IRS. Since the Company cannot determine how the IRS will evaluate system values used in claiming ITCs, the Company is unable to reliably estimate the maximum potential future payments that it could have   to make under this obligation as of each balance sheet date.  
 We have historically benefited from declining costs in our industry, and our business and financial results may be harmed not only as a result of any increases in costs associated with our solar service offerings but also any failure of these costs to continue to decline as we currently expect. If we do not reduce our cost structure in the future, our ability to become profitable may be impaired. 
 Declining costs related to raw materials, manufacturing and the sale and installation of our solar service offerings has been a key driver in the pricing of our solar service offerings and, more broadly, homeowner adoption of solar energy. While historically the prices of solar panels and raw materials have declined, the cost of solar panels and raw materials could increase in the future, and such products  availability could decrease, due to a variety of factors, including trade barriers, export regulations, regulatory or contractual limitations, industry market requirements and changes in technology and industry standards. Any such cost increases or decreases in availability could slow our growth and cause our financial results and operational metrics to suffer. For example, in the past, we and our solar partners purchased a significant portion of the solar panels used in our solar service offerings from manufacturers based in China or such panels have contained components from China. The U.S. government has recently imposed antidumping and countervailing duties on solar cells manufactured in China. In addition, we may face other increases in our operating expenses, including increases in wages or other labor costs, as well as marketing, sales or branding related costs. In addition, we are investing heavily in building our direct-to-consumer capabilities after our 2014 acquisition of the residential sales and installation business of Mainstream Energy Corporation, as well as its fulfillment business, AEE Solar, and its racking business, SnapNrack, which we refer to collectively as MEC. These investments included significantly increasing our installation capacity through the opening of new branches, increasing our hiring in construction and in associated management personnel, and increasing brand and sales and marketing expenses.  
 We may continue to make significant investments to drive growth in the future. Increases in any of these costs could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and harm our business and prospects. If we are unable to reduce our cost structure in the future, we may not be able to achieve profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 
 We rely on net metering and related policies to offer competitive pricing to homeowners in all of our current markets, and changes to net metering policies may significantly reduce demand for electricity from our solar service offerings.      
 As of September 30, 2016, a substantial majority of states have adopted net metering policies. Net metering policies are designed to allow homeowners to serve their own load using on-site energy generation. Electricity that is generated by a solar energy system and consumed on-site avoids a retail energy purchase from the applicable utility, and excess electricity that is exported back to the electric grid generates a retail credit within a homeowner s monthly billing period. At the end of the monthly billing period, if the homeowner has generated excess electricity within that month, the homeowner typically carries forward a credit for any excess electricity to be offset against future utility energy purchases. At the end of an annual billing period or calendar year, utilities either continue to carry forward a credit, or reconcile the homeowner s final annual or calendar year bill using different rates (including zero credit) for the exported electricity. 
   Utilities, their trade associations, and fossil fuel interests in the country are currently challenging net metering policies, and seeking to either eliminate it, cap it, or impose charges on homeowners that adopt net metering. For example, in October 2015 the Hawaii Public Utilities Commission issued an Order that eliminates net metering for all new customers. In its place, the Commission created an interim tariff that sets a reduced rate for the credit customers receive when they export power, and generally sets a path where all future solar energy systems will no longer be able to export  
 42 

power to the broader electrical grid. All existing net metering custom  ers and customers who submitted net metering applications before October 12, 2015 are grandfathered indefinitely under the old rules. We will continue to build and service these systems. In addition  , in early 2016 we ceased our operations in Nevada in resp  onse to the elimination of net metering by the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada ( PUCN ). However, in September 2016, the PUCN issued an Order grandfathering in customers under the prior net metering rules who had installed a solar energy system or ha  d submitted a net metering application prior to December 31, 2015.   
 Some states set limits on the total percentage of a utility s customers that can adopt net metering. For example, New Hampshire, South Carolina and New Jersey have net metering caps. New York currently has no cap but that policy could be subject to change in the future, and other states we serve now or in the future may adopt net metering caps. If the net metering caps in these jurisdictions are reached without an extension of net metering policies, homeowners in the future will not have access to the economic value proposition net metering allows. For example, New Hampshire has commenced a regulatory proceeding to study net metering and determine whether the policy should continue as is once the state s newly-extended 100 MW cap is hit. If changes to net metering policies occur without grandfathering to existing homeowners, those existing homeowners could be negatively impacted, which could create a default risk from those homeowners. Our ability to sell our solar service offerings may be adversely impacted by the failure to extend existing limits to net metering or the elimination of currently existing net metering policies. The failure to adopt a net metering policy where it currently is not in place would pose a barrier to our offering services in those states. Additionally, the imposition of charges that only or disproportionately impact homeowners that utilize net metering, or the introduction of rate designs that reduce the value of the electricity our solar energy systems produce and savings homeowners receive by purchasing our solar service offerings, would adversely impact our business. 
 Electric utility statutes and regulations and changes to statutes or regulations may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of our solar service offerings that may significantly reduce demand for such offerings. 
 Federal, state and local government statutes and regulations concerning electricity heavily influence the market for our solar service offerings. These statutes and regulations relate to electricity pricing, net metering, incentives, taxation, competition with utilities, and the interconnection of homeowner-owned and third party-owned solar energy systems to the electrical grid. These statutes and regulations are constantly evolving. Governments, often acting through state utility or public service commissions, change and adopt different rates for residential customers on a regular basis and these changes can have a negative impact on our ability to deliver savings to homeowners. 
 Utilities, their trade associations, and fossil fuel interests in the country, each of which has significantly greater economic and political resources than the residential solar industry, are currently challenging solar-related policies to reduce the competitiveness of residential solar energy. Any adverse changes in solar-related policies could have a negative impact on our business and prospects. For example, in early 2016, we ceased operations in Nevada as a result of the elimination of net metering (which was recently amended by the PUCN to grandfather in customers who had installed a solar energy system or submitted a net metering application prior to December 31, 2015) and are engaged in a lawsuit challenging that decision. 
 We face competition from traditional energy companies as well as solar energy companies. 
 The solar energy industry is highly competitive and continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish themselves within their markets and compete with large utilities. We believe that our primary competitors are the established utilities that supply energy to homeowners by traditional means. We compete with these utilities primarily based on price, predictability of price, and the ease by which homeowners can switch to electricity generated by our solar service offerings. If we cannot offer compelling value to homeowners based on these factors, then our business and revenues will not grow. Utilities generally have substantially greater financial, technical, operational and other resources than we do. As a result of their greater size, these competitors may be able to devote more resources to the research, development, promotion and sale of their products or respond more quickly to evolving industry standards and changes in market conditions than we can. Furthermore, these competitors are able to devote substantially more resources and funding to regulatory and lobbying efforts. 
   Utilities could also offer other value-added products or services that could help them compete with us even if the cost of electricity they offer is higher than ours. In addition, a majority of utilities  sources of electricity are non-solar, which may allow utilities to sell electricity more cheaply than us. Moreover, regulated utilities are increasingly seeking approval to  rate-base  their own residential solar businesses. Rate-basing means that utilities would receive guaranteed rates of return for their solar businesses. This is already commonplace for utility scale solar projects and commercial solar  
 43 

projects. While few utilities to date have received regulatory permission to rate-base residential solar, our competitiveness would be significantly harmed should more utilities receive such permiss  ion because we do not receive guaranteed profits for our solar service offerings.  
 We also face competition from other residential solar service providers. Some of these competitors have a higher degree of brand name recognition, differing business and pricing strategies, and greater capital resources than we have, as well as extensive knowledge of our target markets. If we are unable to establish or maintain a consumer brand that resonates with homeowners, or competes with the pricing offered by our competitors, our sales and market share position may be adversely affected as our growth is dependent on originating new homeowners. We may also face competitive pressure from companies who offer lower priced consumer offerings than us. 
 We also compete with companies that are not regulated like traditional utilities but that have access to the traditional utility electricity transmission and distribution infrastructure. These energy service companies are able to offer homeowners electricity supply-only solutions that are competitive with our solar service offerings on both price and usage of solar energy technology while avoiding the long-term agreements and physical installations that our current fund-financed business model requires. This may limit our ability to attract homeowners, particularly those who wish to avoid long-term contracts or have an aesthetic or other objection to putting solar panels on their roofs. 
 We also face competition from purely finance-driven nonintegrated competitors that subcontract out the installation of solar energy systems, from installation businesses (including solar partners) that seek financing from external parties, from large construction companies and from electrical and roofing companies. In addition, local installers that might otherwise be viewed as potential solar partners may gain market share by being able to be the first providers in new local markets. Some of these competitors may provide energy at lower costs than we do. Finally, as declining prices for solar panels and related equipment has resulted in an increase in consumers purchasing instead of leasing solar energy systems, we face competition from companies that offer consumer loans for these solar panel purchases. 
 As the solar industry grows and evolves, we will continue to face existing competitors as well as new competitors who are not currently in the market (including those resulting from the consolidation of existing competitors) that achieve significant developments in alternative technologies or new products such as storage solutions, loan products or other programs related to third-party ownership. Our failure to adapt to changing market conditions, to compete successfully with existing or new competitors and to adopt new or enhanced technologies could limit our growth and have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 
 Regulations and policies related to rate design could deter potential homeowners from purchasing our solar service offerings, reduce the value of the electricity we produce, and reduce the savings that our homeowners could realize from our solar service offerings. 
 All states regulate investor-owned utility retail electricity pricing. In addition, there are numerous publicly owned utilities and electric cooperatives that establish their own retail electricity pricing through some form of regulation or internal process. These regulations and policies could deter potential homeowners from purchasing our solar service offerings. For example, utilities in states including Colorado, Arizona and New Hampshire are seeking rate design changes to  unbundle  rates, and utilities in additional states may potentially follow suit. This form of  unbundling  can include changing rates to charge lower volume-based rates   the rates charged for kilowatt hours of electricity purchased by a residential customer   raising unavoidable fixed charges that a homeowner is subject to when they purchase solar energy from third parties, and levying charges on homeowners based on their point of maximum demand during a month (referred to as  demand charge ). These forms of rate design would adversely impact our business by reducing the value of the electricity our solar energy systems produce and reducing the savings homeowners receive by purchasing our solar service offerings. These proposals could continue in other market states. In addition to changes in general rates charged to all residential customers, utilities are increasingly seeking solar-specific charges (which may be fixed charges, capacity-based charges, or other rate changes). Any of these changes could materially reduce the demand for our products and could limit the number of markets in which our products are competitive with electricity provided by the utilities. As an example, in early 2016 we ceased our operations in Nevada in response to the elimination of net metering by the PUCN, which decision was amended by the PUCN in September 2016 to grandfather in customers who had installed a solar energy system or submitted a net metering application prior to December 31, 2015 under the prior net metering rules. 
 44 

Our business currently depends on the availability of utility rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives in addition to other tax benefits. The expiration, elimination or reduction of   these rebates and incentives could adversely impact our business.  
 U.S. federal, state and local governmental bodies provide incentives to owners, distributors, installers and manufacturers of solar energy systems to promote solar energy. These incentives include the ITC, as discussed above, as well as other tax credits, rebates and other financial incentives, such as system performance payments and payments for solar renewable energy credits ( SRECs ) associated with solar energy generation. Some markets, such as New Jersey and Massachusetts, currently utilize SRECs.   SRECs can be volatile and could decrease over time as the supply of SREC-producing solar energy systems installed in a particular market increases. We rely on the incentives listed above to lower our cost of capital and to incent investors to invest in our funds, all of which enables us to lower the price we charge homeowners for our solar service offerings. However, these incentives may expire on a particular date (as discussed above with respect to the ITC), end when the allocated funding is exhausted, or be reduced, terminated or repealed without notice. The financial value of certain incentives may also decrease over time. 
 Our business model also relies on multiple tax exemptions offered at the state and local levels. For example, solar energy systems are generally not considered in determining values for calculation of local and state real and personal property taxes as a result of applicable property tax exemptions. If solar energy systems were not excluded, the property taxes payable by homeowners would be higher, which could offset any potential savings our solar service offerings could offer. For example, in the state of Arizona, the Arizona Department of Revenue has determined that a personal property tax exemption on solar panels does not apply to solar panels that are leased (as opposed to owned), such that leased panels in Arizona may ultimately subject the homeowner to an increase in personal property taxes and this increased personal property tax could reduce or eliminate entirely the savings that these solar panels would otherwise provide to the homeowner. Although we are involved in ongoing litigation challenging the Arizona personal property tax determination, there can be no assurances that this litigation will be resolved in a manner that is favorable to us or other solar companies. If this litigation is not resolved in a manner that is favorable to us and other solar companies, and we pass the tax cost on to our customers, it will adversely impact our ability to attract new customers in Arizona, and the savings that our current Arizona customers realize will be reduced by the additional tax imposed, which will make our solar service offerings less attractive to those customers and could increase the risk of default from those customers. In addition, South Carolina counties do not currently assess property tax on residential solar energy systems, although state law does not provide for an explicit exemption. In general, we rely on certain state and local tax exemptions that apply to the sale of equipment, sale of power, or both. These state and local sales tax exemptions can be changed by the state legislature and other regulators, and such a change, for example if South Carolina were to begin assessing property tax on residential solar energy systems, could adversely impact our business.   
 We are not currently regulated as a utility under applicable laws, but we may be subject to regulation as a utility in the future or become subject to new federal and state regulations for any additional solar service offerings we may introduce in the future. 
 Federal, state and municipal laws do not currently regulate us as a utility. As a result, we are not subject to the various regulatory requirements applicable to U.S. utilities. However, any federal, state, local or otherwise applicable regulations could place significant restrictions on our ability to operate our business and execute our business plan by prohibiting or otherwise restricting our sale of electricity. These regulatory requirements could include restricting our sale of electricity, as well as regulating the price of our solar service offerings. If we were subject to the same regulatory authorities as utilities in the United States or if new regulatory bodies were established to oversee our business, then our operating costs could materially increase. 
 Our business depends in part on the regulatory treatment of third-party owned solar energy systems. 
 Many of our Customer Agreements are third-party ownership arrangements. Sales of electricity by third parties face regulatory challenges in some states and jurisdictions. These challenges pertain to issues such as whether third party-owned systems qualify for the same levels of rebates or other non-tax incentives available for homeowner-owned solar energy systems, whether third-party-owned systems are eligible at all for these incentives, and whether third-party-owned systems are eligible for net metering and the associated significant cost savings. Reductions in, or eliminations of, the current treatment of third-party arrangements could reduce demand for our solar service offerings, adversely impact our access to capital and cause us to increase the price we charge homeowners for energy. 
 45 

Inte  rconnection limits or circuit-level caps imposed by regulators may significantly reduce our ability to sell electricity from our solar service offerings in certain markets or slow interconnections, harming our growth rate and customer satisfaction scores.  
 Interconnection rules establish the circumstances in which rooftop solar will be connected to the electricity grid. Interconnection limits or circuit-level caps imposed by regulators may curb our growth in key markets. Utilities throughout the country have different rules and regulations regarding interconnection and some utilities cap or limit the amount of solar energy that can be interconnected to the grid. Our systems do not provide power to homeowners until they are interconnected to the grid. The vast majority of our current homeowners are connected to the grid, and we expect most homeowners to continue to be connected to the grid in the future. 
 Interconnection regulations are based on claims from utilities regarding the amount of solar electricity that can be connected to the grid without causing grid reliability issues or requiring significant grid upgrades. Although recent rulings from the Hawaii Public Utilities Commission have helped resolve some problems, historically, interconnection limits or circuit-level caps have slowed the pace of our installations in Hawaii. Similar interconnection limits could slow our future installations in Hawaii or other markets, harming our growth rate and customer satisfaction scores. 
 We may be required to make payments or contribute assets to our investors upon the occurrence of certain events, including one-time reset or true-up payments or upon the exercise of a redemption option by one of our investors. 
 Our fund investors typically advance capital to us based on energy estimates. The models we use to calculate prepayments in connection with certain of our investment funds will be updated for each investment fund at a fixed date occurring after placement in service of all applicable solar energy systems or an agreed upon date (typically within the first year of the applicable term) to reflect certain specified conditions as they exist at such date including the ultimate system size of the equipment that was leased, how much it cost, and when it went into service. As a result of this true up, applicable payments are resized, and we may be obligated to refund a portion of the investor s prepayments or to contribute additional assets to the investment fund. Further, our estimated retained value may be reduced. In addition, certain of our fund investors have the right to require us to purchase their interests in the investment funds after a set period of time, generally at a price equal to the greater of a set purchase price or fair market value of the interests at the time of the repurchase. Any significant refunds, capital contributions or purchases that we may be required to make could adversely affect our liquidity or financial condition. 
 A material drop in the retail price of utility-generated electricity or electricity from other sources would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We believe that a homeowner s decision to buy solar energy from us is primarily driven by a desire to lower electricity costs. Decreases in the retail prices of electricity from utilities or other energy sources would harm our ability to offer competitive pricing and could harm our business. The price of electricity from utilities could decrease as a result of: 

the construction of a significant number of new power generation plants, including nuclear, coal, natural gas or renewable energy technologies;     

the construction of additional electric transmission and distribution lines;     

a reduction in the price of natural gas or other natural resources as a result of new drilling techniques or other technological developments, a relaxation of associated regulatory standards, or broader economic or policy developments;     

energy conservation technologies and public initiatives to reduce electricity consumption; and     

development of new energy technologies that provide less expensive energy.     

 A reduction in utility electricity prices would make the purchase of our solar service offerings less attractive. If the retail price of energy available from utilities were to decrease due to any of these or other reasons, we would be at a competitive disadvantage. As a result, we may be unable to attract new homeowners and our growth would be limited. 
 It is difficult to evaluate our business and prospects due to our limited operating history. 
   Until 2014, we focused our efforts primarily on the sales, financing, and monitoring of solar energy systems for residential customers, with installation provided by our solar partners. In February 2014, we acquired MEC. We have  
 46 

limited experience managing th  e fulfillment and racking lines of the MEC business, and we may not be successful in maintaining or growing the revenue from these businesses. Further, we have limited experience, in comparison to our solar partner model, in our direct-to-consumer business  , and as a result, we may fail to grow as quickly or achieve the revenue scale targeted in connection with such model. We may also be unsuccessful in expanding our customer base through installation of our solar service offerings within our current markets   or in new markets we may enter. Additionally, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in generating substantial revenue from our current solar service offerings or from any additional solar service offerings we may introduce in the future. Our lim  ited operating history, combined with the rapidly evolving and competitive nature of our industry, may not provide an adequate basis for you to evaluate our results of operations and business prospects. In addition, we only have limited insight into emergi  ng trends, such as alternative energy sources, commodity prices in the overall energy market, and legal and regulatory changes that impact the solar industry, any of which could adversely impact our business, prospects and results of operations.  
 We have incurred losses and may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses in the past, and we had an accumulated deficit of $24.6 million as of September 30, 2016. We will continue to incur net losses as we increase our spending to finance the expansion of our operations, expand our installation, engineering, administrative, sales and marketing staffs, increase spending on our brand awareness and other sales and marketing initiatives, and implement internal systems and infrastructure to support our growth. We do not know whether our revenue will grow rapidly enough to absorb these costs and our limited operating history makes it difficult to assess the extent of these expenses or their impact on our results of operations. Our ability to achieve profitability depends on a number of factors, including but not limited to: 

growing our customer base;     

finding investors willing to invest in our investment funds on favorable terms;     

maintaining or further lowering our cost of capital;     

reducing the cost of components for our solar service offerings;     

growing and maintaining our channel partner network;     

growing our direct-to-consumer business to scale; and     

reducing our operating costs by lowering our customer acquisition costs and optimizing our design and installation processes and supply chain logistics.     

 Even if we do achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase our profitability in the future. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which could make our future performance difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations for a particular period to fall below expectations, resulting in a decline in the price of our common stock. 
 Our quarterly results of operations are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly in the future. We have experienced seasonal and quarterly fluctuations in the past and expect these fluctuations to continue. However, given that we are an early-stage company operating in a rapidly changing industry, those fluctuations may be masked by our recent growth rates and thus may not be readily apparent from our historical results of operations. As such, our past quarterly results of operations may not be good indicators of likely future performance. 
 In addition to the other risks described in this  Risk Factors  section, as well as the factors discussed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section, the following factors could cause our results of operations and key performance indicators to fluctuate: 

the expiration or initiation of any governmental tax rebates or incentives;     

significant fluctuations in homeowner demand for our solar service offerings or fluctuations in the geographic concentration of installations of solar energy systems;     

changes in financial markets, which could restrict our ability to access available financing sources;     

seasonal or weather conditions that impact sales, energy production and system installations;     

the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure;     

 47 

announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital-  raising activities or commitments;     

changes in our pricing policies or terms or those of our competitors, including utilities;     

changes in regulatory policy related to solar energy generation;     

the loss of one or more key partners or the failure of key partners to perform as anticipated;     

actual or anticipated developments in our competitors  businesses or the competitive landscape;     

actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate;     

general economic, industry and market conditions; and     

changes to our cancellation rate.     

 In the past, we have experienced seasonal fluctuations in sales and installations, particularly in the fourth quarter. This has been the result of decreased sales through the holiday season and weather-related installation delays. In addition, energy production is greater in the second and third quarters of the year, causing variability in operating lease revenues throughout the year. Our incentives revenue is also highly variable due to associated revenue recognition rules, as discussed in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Seasonal and other factors may also contribute to variability in our sales of solar energy systems and product sales. For these or other reasons, the results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. In addition, our actual revenue or key operating metrics in one or more future quarters may fall short of the expectations of investors and financial analysts. If that occurs, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Our actual financial results may differ materially from any guidance we may publish from time to time. 
 We have in the past and may, from time to time, provide guidance regarding our future performance that represents our management s estimates as of the date such guidance is provided. Any such guidance is based upon a number of assumptions with respect to future business decisions (some of which may change) and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies (many of which are beyond our control). Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions that inform such guidance will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Our ability to meet deployment volume, cost, net present value or any other forward-looking guidance is impacted by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the number of our solar energy systems sold versus leased, changes in installation costs, the availability of additional financing on acceptable terms, changes in the retail prices of traditional utility generated electricity, the availability of rebates, tax credits and other incentives, changes in policies and regulations including net metering and interconnection limits or caps, the availability of solar panels and other raw materials, as well as the other risks to our business that are described in this section. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date such guidance is provided. Actual results may vary from such guidance and the variations may be material. Investors should also recognize that the reliability of any forecasted financial data diminishes the farther in the future that the data is forecast. In light of the foregoing, investors should not place undue reliance on our financial guidance, and should carefully consider any guidance we may publish in context. 
 If we fail to manage our recent and future growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of customer service or adequately address competitive challenges. 
 We have experienced significant growth in recent periods, and we intend to continue to expand our business within existing markets and in a number of new locations in the future. This growth has placed, and any future growth may place, a significant strain on our management, operational and financial infrastructure. In particular, we will be required to expand, train and manage our growing employee base and solar partners. Our management will also be required to maintain and expand our relationships with homeowners, suppliers and other third parties and attract new homeowners and suppliers, as well as to manage multiple geographic locations. 
   In addition, our current and planned operations, personnel, systems and procedures might be inadequate to support our future growth and may require us to make additional unanticipated investment in our infrastructure, including additional costs for the expansion of our employee base and our solar partners as well as marketing and branding costs.  
 48 

For example, our headcount has grown to approximately 3,400 as of September 30, 2016. Our succ  ess and ability to further scale our business will depend, in part, on our ability to manage these changes in a cost-effective and efficient manner. If we cannot manage our growth, we may be unable to take advantage of market opportunities, execute our bus  iness strategies or respond to competitive pressures. This could also result in declines in quality or homeowner satisfaction, increased costs, difficulties in introducing new solar service offerings or other operational difficulties. Any failure to effect  ively manage growth could adversely impact our business and reputation.  
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash to comply with certain covenants and satisfy payment obligations, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 We have substantial amounts of debt, including the working capital facility and the non-recourse debt facilities entered into by our subsidiaries, as discussed in more detail in the section titled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our financial statements. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures to operate our business. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. 
 We expect to incur substantially more debt in the future, which could intensify the risks to our business. 
 We and our subsidiaries expect to incur additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments. Our existing debt arrangements restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, and we may be subject to similar restrictions under the terms of future debt arrangements. These restrictions could inhibit our ability to pursue our business strategies. Increases in our existing debt obligations would further heighten the debt related risk discussed above. 
 Furthermore, there is no assurance that we will be able to enter into new debt instruments on acceptable terms. If we were unable to satisfy financial covenants and other terms under existing or new instruments or obtain waivers or forbearance from our lenders or if we were unable to obtain refinancing or new financings for our working capital, equipment and other needs on acceptable terms if and when needed, our business would be adversely affected. 
 The production and installation of solar energy systems depends heavily on suitable meteorological conditions. If meteorological conditions are unexpectedly unfavorable, the electricity production from our solar service offerings may be below our expectations, and our ability to timely deploy new systems may be adversely impacted. 
 The energy produced and revenue and cash flows generated by a solar energy system depend on suitable solar and weather conditions, both of which are beyond our control. Furthermore, components of our systems, such as panels and inverters, could be damaged by severe weather or natural catastrophes, such as hailstorms, tornadoes or earthquakes. In these circumstances, we generally would be obligated to bear the expense of repairing the damaged solar energy systems that we own. Sustained unfavorable weather also could unexpectedly delay the installation of our solar energy systems, leading to increased expenses and decreased revenue and cash flows in the relevant periods. Weather patterns could change, making it harder to predict the average annual amount of sunlight striking each location where our systems are installed. This could make our solar service offerings less economical overall or make individual systems less economical. Any of these events or conditions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is concentrated in certain markets, putting us at risk of region specific disruptions. 
   As of  September 30, 2016 , approximately half of our customers were in California. Accordingly, our business and results of operations are particularly susceptible to adverse economic, regulatory, political, weather and other conditions in this market and in other markets that may become similarly concentrated, in particular the east coast, where we have seen significant growth in 2016. In addition, our corporate and sales headquarters are located in San Francisco, California, an area that is at a heightened risk of earthquakes. We may not have adequate insurance, including business interruption insurance, to compensate us for losses that may occur from any such significant events, including damage to  
 49 

our solar energy systems. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition  , acts of terrorism or malicious computer viruses could cause disruptions in our or our solar partners  businesses or the economy as a whole. To the extent that these disruptions result in delays or cancellations of installations or the deployment of our s  olar service offerings, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.  
 Loan financing developments could adversely impact our business. 
 The third-party ownership structure, which we bring to market through our solar service offerings, continues to be the predominant form of system ownership in the residential solar market in many states. However, with the development of new loan financing products, we have seen a modest shift from leasing to outright purchases of the solar energy system by the homeowner (i.e., a homeowner purchases the solar energy system outright instead of leasing the system from us and paying us for the solar power produced by those systems for a 20-year initial term). Continued increases in third-party loan financing products and outright purchases could result in the demand for long-term customer agreements to decline, which would require us to shift our product focus to respond to the market trend and could have an adverse effect on our business. In 2014, 2015 and 2016, the majority of our customers chose our solar service offerings as opposed to buying a solar energy system outright. Our financial model is impacted by the volume of homeowners who choose our solar service offerings, and an increase in the number of customers who choose to purchase solar energy systems (whether for cash or through third-party financing) may harm our business and financial results. 
 The federal government currently offers a 30% investment tax credit under Section 25D of the Internal Revenue Code ( Residential ITC ), for the installation of certain solar power facilities owned by residential taxpayers. The Residential ITC was set to expire at the end of 2016. In December 2015, Congress passed legislation extending the Residential ITC for an additional five years with a ramp down from 30% to 26% in 2020 and to 22% in 2021. The Residential ITC is set to expire after 2021.    
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our relationships with third parties, including our solar partners. 
 A key component of our growth strategy is to develop or expand our relationships with third parties. For example, we are investing resources in establishing strategic relationships with market players across a variety of industries, including large retailers, to generate new customers. These programs may not roll out as quickly as planned or produce the results we anticipated. A significant portion of our business depends on attracting and retaining new and existing solar partners. Negotiating relationships with our solar partners, investing in due diligence efforts with potential solar partners, training such third parties and contractors, and monitoring them for compliance with our standards require significant time and resources and may present greater risks and challenges than expanding a direct sales or installation team. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to grow our business and address our market opportunity could be impaired. Even if we are able to establish and maintain these relationships, we may not be able to execute on our goal of leveraging these relationships to meaningfully expand our business, brand recognition and customer base. This would limit our growth potential and our opportunities to generate significant additional revenue or cash flows. 
 We and our solar partners depend on a limited number of suppliers of solar panels and other system components to adequately meet anticipated demand for our solar service offerings. Any shortage, delay or component price change from these suppliers, or the acquisition of any of these suppliers by a competitor, could result in sales and installation delays, cancellations and loss of market share. 
 We and our solar partners purchase solar panels, inverters and other system components and batteries from a limited number of suppliers, making us susceptible to quality issues, shortages and price changes. If we or our solar partners fail to develop, maintain and expand our relationships with these or other suppliers, we may be unable to adequately meet anticipated demand for our solar service offerings, or we may only be able to offer our systems at higher costs or after delays. If one or more of the suppliers that we or our solar partners rely upon to meet anticipated demand ceases or reduces production, we may be unable to quickly identify alternate suppliers or to qualify alternative products on commercially reasonable terms, and we may be unable to satisfy this demand. The acquisition of a supplier by one of our competitors could limit our access to such components and require significant redesigns of our solar energy systems or installation procedures and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
   In particular, there are a limited number of suppliers of inverters, which are components that convert electricity generated by solar panels into electricity that can be used to power the home. For example, once we design a system for use with a particular inverter, if that type of inverter is not readily available at an anticipated price, we may incur additional  
 50 

delay and expense to redesign the system. Further, the inverters on our solar energy systems generally carry only 10-year warranties. If there is an inverter equipme  nt shortage in a year when a substantial number of inverters on our systems need to be replaced, we may not be able to replace the inverters to maintain proper system functioning or may be forced to do so at higher than anticipated prices, either of which   would adversely impact our business.  
 There have also been periods of industry-wide shortage of key components, including solar panels, in times of rapid industry growth. For example, new or unexpected changes in rooftop fire codes or building codes may require new or different system components to satisfy compliance with such newly effective codes or regulations, which may not be readily available for distribution to us or our suppliers. The manufacturing infrastructure for some of these components has a long lead time, requires significant capital investment and relies on the continued availability of key commodity materials, potentially resulting in an inability to meet demand for these components and, as a result, could negatively impact our ability to install systems in a timely manner. Further, any decline in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar compared to the functional currency of our component suppliers could increase our component prices. Any of these shortages, delays or price changes could limit our growth, cause cancellations or adversely affect our operating margins, and result in loss of market share and damage to our brand. 
 As the primary entity that contracts with homeowners, we are subject to risks associated with construction, cost overruns, delays, customer cancellations, regulatory compliance and other contingencies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We are a licensed contractor in certain communities that we service, and we are ultimately responsible as the contracting party for every solar energy system installation. We may be liable, either directly or through our solar partners, to homeowners for any damage we cause to them, their home, belongings or property during the installation of our systems. For example, we, either directly or through our solar partners, frequently penetrate homeowners  roofs during the installation process and may incur liability for the failure to adequately weatherproof such penetrations following the completion of construction. In addition, because the solar energy systems we or our solar partners deploy are high voltage energy systems, we may incur liability for any failure to comply with electrical standards and manufacturer recommendations. 
 Completing the sale and installation of a solar energy system requires many different steps including a site audit, completion of designs, permitting, installation, electrical sign-off and interconnection. Homeowners may cancel their Customer Agreement, subject to certain conditions, during this process until commencement of installation, and we have experienced increased customer cancellations in certain markets during recent quarters. We or our solar partners may face customer cancellations, delays or cost overruns which may adversely affect our or our solar partners  ability to ramp up the volume of sales or installations in accordance with our plans. These cancellations, delays or overruns may be the result of a variety of factors, such as labor shortages or other labor issues, defects in materials and workmanship, adverse weather conditions, transportation constraints, construction change orders, site changes or roof conditions, geographic factors and other unforeseen difficulties, any of which could lead to increased cancellation rates, reputational harm and other adverse effects. For example, some customer orders are cancelled after a site visit if we determine that a customer needs to make repairs to or install a new roof, or that there is excessive shading on their property. If we continue to experience increased customer cancellations, our financial results will potentially be materially and adversely affected.  
 In addition, the installation of solar energy systems, energy-storage systems and other energy-related products requiring building modifications are subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national, state and local laws and ordinances relating to building, fire and electrical codes, safety, environmental protection, utility interconnection and metering, and related matters. We also rely on certain of our employees to maintain professional licenses in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, and our failure to employ properly licensed personnel could adversely affect our licensing status in those jurisdictions. It is difficult and costly to track the requirements of every individual authority having jurisdiction over our installations and to design solar energy systems to comply with these varying standards. Any new government regulations or utility policies pertaining to our systems may result in significant additional expenses to us and our homeowners and, as a result, could cause a significant reduction in demand for our solar service offerings. 
   While we have a variety of stringent quality standards that we apply in the selection of our solar partners, we do not control our suppliers and solar partners or their business practices. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that they follow our standards or ethical business practices, such as fair wage practices and compliance with environmental, safety and other local laws. A lack of demonstrated compliance could lead us to seek alternative suppliers or contractors, which could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery or installation of our products, product shortages or other disruptions of our operations. Violation of labor or other laws by our suppliers and solar partners or the divergence of a supplier s or solar partners  labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States or other markets in  
 51 

which we do business could also attract negative publicity for us and harm our business, brand and reputation in the market.  
 We typically bear the risk of loss and the cost of maintenance, repair and removal on solar energy systems that are owned or leased by our investment funds. 
 We typically bear the risk of loss and are generally obligated to cover the cost of maintenance, repair and removal for any solar energy system that we sell or lease to our investment funds. At the time we sell or lease a solar energy system to an investment fund, we enter into a maintenance services agreement where we agree to operate and maintain the system for a fixed fee that is calculated to cover our future expected maintenance costs. If our solar energy systems require an above-average amount of repairs or if the cost of repairing systems were higher than our estimate, we would need to perform such repairs without additional compensation. If our solar energy systems, approximately half of which are located in California, are damaged as the result of a natural disaster beyond our control, losses could exceed or be excluded from, our insurance policy limits, and we could incur unforeseen costs that could harm our business and financial condition. We may also incur significant costs for taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, such events. We purchase property insurance with industry standard coverage and limits approved by an investor s third-party insurance advisors to hedge against such risk, but such coverage may not cover our losses. 
 Disruptions to our solar production metering solution could negatively impact our revenues and increase our expenses. 
 Our ability to invoice homeowners for the energy produced by our solar energy systems and monitor solar energy production for various purposes depends on the operation of our metering solution. We could incur significant expense and disruption to our operations in connection with failures of our metering solution, including meter hardware failures and failure of the cellular technology that we use to communicate with those meters. Many of our meters operate on either the 2G or 3G cellular data networks, which are expected to sunset before the term of our contract with homeowners. Upgrading our metering solution may cause us to incur a significant expense. Additionally, our meters communicate data through proprietary software, which we license from our metering partners. Should we be unable to continue to license, on agreeable terms, the software necessary to communicate with our meters, it could cause a significant disruption in our business and operations. 
 Problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur warranty expenses and performance guarantee expenses, may lower the residual value of our solar energy systems and may damage our market reputation and cause our financial results to decline. 
 Homeowners who buy energy from us under leases or power purchase agreements are covered by production guaranties and roof penetration warranties. As the owners of the solar energy systems, we or our investment funds receive a warranty from the inverter and solar panel manufacturers, and, for those solar energy systems that we do not install directly, we receive workmanship and material warranties as well as roof penetration warranties from our solar partners. For example, we recently had to replace a significant number of defective inverters, the cost of which was borne by the manufacturer. However, our customers were without solar service for a period of time while the work was done, which impacted customer satisfaction. Furthermore, one or more of our third-party manufacturers or solar partners could cease operations and no longer honor these warranties, leaving us to fulfill these potential obligations to homeowners. Further, we provide a performance guarantee with certain solar service offerings pursuant to which we compensate homeowners on an annual basis if their system does not meet the electricity production guarantees set forth in their agreement with us. Homeowners who buy energy from us under leases or power purchase agreements are covered by production guarantees equal to the length of the term of these agreements, typically 20 years. 
 Because of our limited operating history, we have been required to make assumptions and apply judgments regarding a number of factors, including our anticipated rate of warranty claims and the durability, performance and reliability of our solar energy systems. Our assumptions could prove to be materially different from the actual performance of our systems, causing us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective solar energy systems in the future or to compensate homeowners for systems that do not meet their production guarantees. Product failures or operational deficiencies also would reduce our revenue from power purchase or lease agreements because they are dependent on system production. Any widespread product failures or operating deficiencies may damage our market reputation and adversely impact our financial results. 
 52 

Product liability claims against us could result in adverse publicity and potentially significant monetary damages.  
 If our solar service offerings, including our racking systems or other products, injured someone, we would be exposed to product liability claims. Because solar energy systems and many of our other current and anticipated products are electricity-producing devices, it is possible that consumers or their property could be injured or damaged by our products, whether by product malfunctions, defects, improper installation or other causes. We rely on third-party manufacturing warranties, warranties provided by our solar partners and our general liability insurance to cover product liability claims and have not obtained separate product liability insurance. Any product liability claim we face could be expensive to defend and divert management s attention. The successful assertion of product liability claims against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages that could require us to make significant payments, as well as subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect sales of our systems and other products. In addition, product liability claims, injuries, defects or other problems experienced by other companies in the residential solar industry could lead to unfavorable market conditions to the industry as a whole, and may have an adverse effect on our ability to attract homeowners, thus affecting our growth and financial performance. 
 The residual value of our solar energy systems at the end of the associated term of the lease or power purchase agreement may be lower than projected, which may adversely affect our financial performance and valuation. 
 We depreciate the costs of our solar energy systems over 20 years to a residual value. At the end of the initial 20-year term, customers may choose to purchase their solar energy systems, ask to remove the system at our cost or renew their customer agreements. Homeowners may choose to not renew or purchase for any reason, such as pricing, decreased energy consumption, relocation of residence or switching to a competitor product. 
 Furthermore, it is difficult to predict how future environmental regulations may affect the costs associated with the removal, disposal or recycling of our solar energy systems. If the value in trade or renewal revenue is less than we expect, after giving effect to any associated removal and redeployment costs, we may be required to recognize all or some of the remaining unamortized costs. This could materially impair our future results of operations. 
 We have guaranteed a minimum return to be received by an investor in one of our investment funds, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition if we were required to make any payments as a result of this guarantee. 
 We have guaranteed payments to the investor in one of our investment funds in the case that the investor does not achieve a specified minimum internal rate of return in this fund, which rate is assessed annually. The amounts of potential future payments under this guarantee depend on the amounts and timing of future distributions to the investor from funds and the tax benefits that accrue to the investor from the fund s activities. Because of uncertainties associated with estimating the timing and amounts of distributions to the investor, we cannot determine the potential maximum future payments that we could have to make under this guarantee. To date, we have not been required to make any payments under this guarantee. We may agree to similar terms with other third-party fund investors in the future. Any significant payments that we may be required to make under such guarantees, now or in the future, could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Damage to our brand and reputation or failure to expand our brand would harm our business and results of operations. 
   We depend significantly on our brand and reputation for high-quality solar service offerings, engineering and customer service to attract homeowners and grow our business. If we fail to continue to deliver our solar service offerings within the planned timelines, if our solar service offerings do not perform as anticipated or if we damage any homeowners  properties or cancel projects, our brand and reputation could be significantly impaired. We also depend greatly on referrals from homeowners for our growth. Therefore, our inability to meet or exceed homeowners  expectations would harm our reputation and growth through referrals. Further, we have focused particular attention on expeditiously growing our direct sales force and our solar partners, leading us in some instances to hire personnel or partner with third parties who we may later determine do not fit our company culture. If we cannot manage our hiring and training processes to avoid potential issues related to expanding our sales team or solar partners and maintain appropriate customer service levels, our business and reputation may be harmed and our ability to attract homeowners would suffer. In addition, if we were unable to achieve a similar level of brand recognition as our competitors, some of which currently have a broader brand footprint as a result of a larger direct sales force, more resources and longer operational history, we could lose recognition in the marketplace among prospective customers, suppliers and partners, which could affect our growth and financial performance. Our growth strategy involves marketing and branding initiatives that will involve incurring significant  
 53 

expenses in advance of corresponding revenues. We cannot assure you that such marketing and branding expenses will result in the successful expansion of our brand recognition or increa  se our revenues.  
 A failure to hire and retain a sufficient number of employees and service providers in key functions would constrain our growth and our ability to timely complete homeowners  projects and successfully manage homeowner accounts. 
 To support our growth, we need to hire, train, deploy, manage and retain a substantial number of skilled employees, engineers, installers, electricians, sales and project finance specialists. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is increasing, particularly for skilled personnel involved in the installation of solar energy systems. We may be unable to attract or retain qualified and skilled installation personnel or installation companies to be our solar partners, which would have an adverse effect on our business. We and our solar partners also compete with the homebuilding and construction industries for skilled labor. As these industries grow and seek to hire additional workers, our cost of labor may increase. The unionization of the industry s labor force could also increase our labor costs. Shortages of skilled labor could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase our costs. Because our profit on a particular installation is based in part on assumptions as to the cost of such project, cost overruns, delays or other execution issues may cause us to not achieve our expected margins or cover our costs for that project. In addition, because we are headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area, we compete for a limited pool of technical and engineering resources that requires us to pay wages that are competitive with relatively high regional standards for employees in these fields. Further, we need to continue to expand upon the training of our customer service team to provide high-end account management and service to homeowners before, during and following the point of installation of our solar energy systems. Identifying and recruiting qualified personnel and training them requires significant time, expense and attention. It can take several months before a new customer service person is fully trained and productive at the standards that we have established. If we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented customer service personnel, we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of this investment or grow our business. 
 In addition, to support the growth and success of our direct-to-consumer channel, we need to recruit, retain and motivate a large number of sales personnel on a continuing basis. We compete with many other companies for qualified sales personnel, and it could take many months before a new salesperson is fully trained on our solar service offerings. If we are unable to hire, develop and retain qualified sales personnel or if they are unable to achieve desired productivity levels, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 If we or our solar partners cannot meet our hiring, retention and efficiency goals, we may be unable to complete homeowners  projects on time or manage homeowner accounts in an acceptable manner or at all. Any significant failures in this regard would materially impair our growth, reputation, business and financial results. If we are required to pay higher compensation than we anticipate, these greater expenses may also adversely impact our financial results and the growth of our business. 
 The loss of one or more members of our senior management or key employees may adversely affect our ability to implement our strategy. 
 We depend on our experienced management team, and the loss of one or more key executives could have a negative impact on our business. In particular, we are dependent on the services of our chief executive officer and co-founder, Lynn Jurich, and our Chairman and co-founder, Edward Fenster. We also depend on our ability to retain and motivate key employees and attract qualified new employees. Neither our founders nor our key employees are bound by employment agreements for any specific term, and we may be unable to replace key members of our management team and key employees in the event we lose their services. Integrating new employees into our management team could prove disruptive to our operations, require substantial resources and management attention and ultimately prove unsuccessful. An inability to attract and retain sufficient managerial personnel who have critical industry experience and relationships could limit or delay our strategic efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 54 

We may not realize the anticipated benef  its of past or future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and management.  
 We acquired MEC in February 2014 and Clean Energy Experts, LLC ( CEE ) in April 2015. We may in the future acquire additional companies, project pipelines, products, or technologies or enter into joint ventures or other strategic initiatives. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and any acquisition has numerous risks that are not within our control. These risks include the following, among others: 

difficulty in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired company, especially given our unique culture;     

difficulty in effectively integrating the acquired technologies or products with our current products and technologies;     

difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures, and policies during the transition and integration;     

disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and employees from other opportunities and challenges due to integration issues;     

difficulty integrating the acquired company s accounting, management information, and other administrative systems;     

inability to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired business;     

inability to retain key customers, vendors, and other business partners of the acquired business;     

inability to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses;     

incurring acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could impact our results of operations;     

significant post-acquisition investments which may lower the actual benefits realized through the acquisition;     

potential failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality, legal and financial liabilities, among other things;     

potential inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are effective; and     

potential inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such acquisitions.     

 Our failure to address these risks, or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions, could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, incremental expenses or the write-off of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Mergers and acquisitions of companies are inherently risky, may not produce the anticipated benefits and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 If we are unsuccessful in developing and maintaining our proprietary technology, including our BrightPath software, our ability to attract and retain solar partners could be impaired, our competitive position could be harmed and our revenue could be reduced. 
   Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain our proprietary technology that supports our solar service offerings, including our design and proposal software, BrightPath. In addition, we rely, and expect to continue to rely, on licensing agreements with certain third parties for aerial images that allow us to efficiently and effectively analyze a homeowner s rooftop for solar energy system specifications. In the event that our current or future products require features that we have not developed or licensed, or we lose the benefit of an existing license, we will be required to develop or obtain such technology through purchase, license or other arrangements. If the required technology is not available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may incur additional expenses in an effort to internally develop the required technology. In addition, our BrightPath software was developed, in part, with U.S. federal government funding. When new technologies are developed with U.S. government funding, the government obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a nonexclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties  
 55 

and to exercise  march-in  rights to use or allow third parties to use our patented technology. We are also subject to certain reporting and other obligations to the U.S. governmen  t in connection with funding for BrightPath. If we were unable to maintain our existing proprietary technology, our ability to attract and retain solar partners could be impaired, our competitive position could be harmed and our revenue could be reduced.  
 Our business may be harmed if we fail to properly protect our intellectual property, and we may also be required to defend against claims or indemnify others against claims that our intellectual property infringes on the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We believe that the success of our business depends in part on our proprietary technology, including our software, information, processes and know-how. We rely on copyright, trade secret and patent protections to secure our intellectual property rights. Although we may incur substantial costs in protecting our technology, we cannot be certain that we have adequately protected or will be able to adequately protect it, that our competitors will not be able to utilize our existing technology or develop similar technology independently, that the claims allowed with respect to any patents held by us will be broad enough to protect our technology or that foreign intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our patents provide us with a competitive advantage. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use our intellectual property without our consent. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties, and the expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual property rights, may adversely affect our business. In the future, some of our products could be alleged to infringe existing patents or other intellectual property of third parties, and we cannot be certain that we will prevail in any intellectual property dispute. In addition, any future litigation required to enforce our patents, to protect our trade secrets or know-how or to defend us or indemnify others against claimed infringement of the rights of third parties could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Office of the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of the Treasury has issued subpoenas to a number of significant participants in the rooftop solar energy installation industry, including us. The subpoenas we received require us to deliver certain documents in our possession relating to our participation in the U.S. Treasury grant program. These documents have been delivered to the Office of the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which is investigating the administration and implementation of the U.S. Treasury grant program. 
 In July 2012, we and other companies that are significant participants in both the solar industry and the cash grant program (under Section 1603 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009) received subpoenas from the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of the Inspector General. Our subpoenas requested, among other things, documents that relate to our applications for U.S. Treasury grants and communications with certain other solar service companies or certain firms that appraise solar energy property for U.S. Treasury grant application purposes. The Inspector General is working with the Civil Division of the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate the administration and implementation of the U.S. Treasury grant program, including possible misrepresentations concerning the fair market value of the solar power systems submitted for grant under that program made in grant applications by companies in the solar industry, including us. We produced documents and testimony as requested by the Inspector General, and we intend to continue to cooperate fully with the Inspector General and the Department of Justice. We are not able to predict how long this review will be on-going. If, at the conclusion of the investigation, the Inspector General concludes that misrepresentations were made, the Department of Justice could decide to bring a civil action to recover amounts it believes were improperly paid to us. If it were successful in asserting this action, we could be required to pay damages and penalties for any funds received based on such misrepresentations (which, in turn, could require us to make indemnity payments to certain of our fund investors). Such consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and prospects. Additionally, the period of time necessary to resolve the investigation is uncertain, and this matter could require significant management and financial resources that could otherwise be devoted to the operation of our business.  
 We are subject to legal proceedings, regulatory inquiries and litigation, and we may be named in additional legal proceedings, become involved in regulatory inquiries or be subject to litigation in the future, all of which are costly, distracting to our core business and could result in an unfavorable outcome, or a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or the trading price for our securities. 
   We are involved in legal proceedings and receive inquiries from government and regulatory agencies, including the pending U.S. Department of the Treasury investigation discussed above. In the event that we are involved in significant disputes or are the subject of a formal action by a regulatory agency, we could be exposed to costly and time consuming legal proceedings that could result in any number of outcomes. Although outcomes of such actions vary, any current or future claims or regulatory actions initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, could result in expensive costs,  
 56 

costly damage awards or settlement amounts, injunctive relief, increased costs of business, fin  es or orders to change certain business practices, significant dedication of management time, diversion of significant operational resources, or otherwise harm our business.  
 If we are not successful in our legal proceedings and litigation, we may be required to pay significant monetary damages, which could hurt our results of operations. Lawsuits are time-consuming and expensive to resolve and divert management s time and attention. Although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. We cannot predict how the courts will rule in any potential lawsuit against us. Decisions in favor of parties that bring lawsuits against us could subject us to significant liability for damages, adversely affect our results of operations and harm our reputation. 
 A failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to our interactions with current or prospective residential customers could result in negative publicity, claims, investigations, and litigation, and adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Our business involves transactions with homeowners. We must comply with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern matters relating to our interactions with homeowners, including those pertaining to privacy and data security, consumer financial and credit transactions, home improvement contracts, warranties and direct-to-home solicitation. These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing interpretations, and various federal, state and local legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current laws or regulations, or enact new laws and regulations, regarding these matters. Changes in these laws or regulations or their interpretation could dramatically affect how we do business, acquire customers, and manage and use information we collect from and about current and prospective customers and the costs associated therewith. We strive to comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our interactions with residential customers. It is possible, however, that these requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Our noncompliance with any such laws or regulations could also expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation and investigations by private parties and regulatory authorities, as well as substantial fines and negative publicity, each of which may materially and adversely affect our business. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, and increased regulation of matters relating to our interactions with residential customers could require us to modify our operations and incur significant additional expenses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Compliance with occupational safety and health requirements and best practices can be costly, and noncompliance with such requirements may result in potentially significant penalties, operational delays and adverse publicity. 
 The installation of solar energy systems requires our employees and employees of our solar partners to work with complicated and potentially dangerous electrical systems. The evaluation and installation of our energy-related products require these employees to work in locations that may contain potentially dangerous levels of asbestos, lead or mold or other substances. We also maintain large fleets of vehicles that these employees use in the course of their work. There is substantial risk of serious injury or death if proper safety procedures are not followed. Our operations are subject to regulation under the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act ( OSHA ) and equivalent state laws. Changes to OSHA requirements, or stricter interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could result in increased costs. If we fail to comply with applicable OSHA regulations, even if no work-related serious injury or death occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement and be required to pay substantial penalties, incur significant capital expenditures, or suspend or limit operations. Any accidents, citations, violations, injuries or failure to comply with industry best practices may subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect our business. 
 Rising interest rates will adversely impact our business. 
 Rising interest rates will increase our cost of capital. Our future success depends on our ability to raise capital from fund investors and obtain secured lending to help finance the deployment of our solar service offerings. Part of our business strategy is to seek to reduce our cost of capital through these arrangements to improve our margins, offset future reductions in government incentives and maintain the price competitiveness of our solar service offerings. Rising interest rates may have an adverse impact on our ability to offer attractive pricing on our solar service offerings to homeowners. 
   The majority of our cash flows to date have been from solar service offerings under customer agreements that have been monetized under various investment fund structures. One of the components of this monetization is the present  
 57 

value of the payment streams from homeowners who enter into these customer agreements. If the rate of return required by capital providers, including debt providers, rises as a resu  lt of a rise in interest rates, it will reduce the present value of the homeowner payment stream and consequently reduce the total value derived from this monetization. Any measures that we could take to mitigate the impact of rising interest rates on our   ability to secure third-party financing could ultimately have an adverse impact on the value proposition that we offer homeowners.  
 We are exposed to the credit risk of homeowners and payment delinquencies on our accounts receivables. 
 Our customer agreements are typically for 20 years and require the homeowner to make monthly payments to us. Accordingly, we are subject to the credit risk of homeowners. As of  September 30, 2016 , the average FICO score of our customers under a lease or power purchase agreement with a monthly payment schedule was approximately 754, but this may decline to the extent FICO score requirements under future investment funds are relaxed. While to date homeowner defaults have been immaterial, we expect that the risk of homeowner defaults may increase as we grow our business. Due to the immaterial amount of homeowner defaults to date, our reserve for this exposure is minimal, and our future exposure may exceed the amount of such reserves. If we experience increased homeowner credit defaults, our revenues and our ability to raise new investment funds could be adversely affected. If economic conditions worsen, certain of our homeowners may face liquidity concerns and may be unable to satisfy their payment obligations to us on a timely basis or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Obtaining a sales contract with a potential customer does not guarantee that a potential customer will not decide to cancel or that we will need to cancel due to a failed inspection, which could cause us to generate no revenue from a product and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Even after we secure a sales contract with a potential customer, we (either directly or through our solar partners) must perform an inspection to ensure the home, including the rooftop, can support the solar energy system. If the inspection finds repairs to the rooftop are required in order to support the solar energy system, and a potential customer does not want to make such required repairs, we would lose that anticipated sale. In addition, per the terms of our Customer Agreements, a customer maintains the ability to cancel before commencement of installation, subject to certain conditions. Any delay or cancellation of an anticipated sale could materially and adversely affect our financial results, as we may have incurred significant expense and generated no revenue. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members and officers. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Stock Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased our legal and financial compliance costs, made some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increased demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. To maintain and improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and results of operations. Although we have already hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future, which will increase our costs and expenses. 
 We use  open source  software in our solutions, which may require that we release the source code of certain software subject to open source licenses or subject us to possible litigation or other actions that could adversely affect our business. 
 We utilize software that is licensed under so-called  open source,   free  or other similar licenses. Open source software is made available to the general public on an  as-is  basis under the terms of a non-negotiable license. We currently combine our proprietary software with open source software but not in a manner that we believe requires the release of the source code of our proprietary software to the public. However, our use of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software. Open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time. 
 58 

We may also face claims alleging noncompliance with open source l  icense terms or infringement or misappropriation of proprietary software. These claims could result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our software, any of   which would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, if the license terms for open source software that we use change, we may be forced to re-engineer our solutions, incur additional costs or discontinue the use of the  se solutions if re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis. Although we monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our offerings to unintended conditions, few courts have interpreted open source licenses, and there is a risk t  hat these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to use our proprietary software. We cannot guarantee that we have incorporated or will incorporate open source software in our software   in a manner that will not subject us to liability or in a manner that is consistent with our current policies and procedures.  
 Any unauthorized disclosure or theft of personal information we gather, store and use could harm our reputation and subject us to claims or litigation. 
 We receive, store and use personal information of homeowners, including names, addresses, e-mail addresses, credit information and other housing and energy use information. Unauthorized disclosure of such personal information, whether through breach of our systems by an unauthorized party, employee theft or misuse, or otherwise, could harm our business. If we were subject to an inadvertent disclosure of such personal information, or if a third party were to gain unauthorized access to homeowners  personal information we possess, we could be subject to claims or litigation arising from damages suffered by homeowners. In addition, we could incur significant costs in complying with the multitude of federal, state and local laws regarding the unauthorized disclosure of personal information. Finally, any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of such information could harm our reputation, substantially impair our ability to attract and retain homeowners and have an adverse impact on our business. 
 If our products do not work as well as planned or if we are unsuccessful in developing and selling new products or in penetrating new markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our success and ability to compete are dependent on the products which we have developed or may develop in the future. There is a risk that the products that we have developed or may develop may not work as intended, or that the marketing of the products may not be as successful as anticipated. For example, we recently introduced our BrightBox energy storage system and completed the first installation in Hawaii in May 2016. If BrightBox does not work as intended or if BrightBox is not adopted in the future at the rate we expect, our business, financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected. The development of new products generally requires substantial investment and can require long development and testing periods before they are commercially viable. We intend to continue to make substantial investments in developing new products and it is possible that that we may not develop or acquire new products or product enhancements that compete effectively within our target markets or differentiate our products based on functionality, performance or cost and thus our new technologies and products may not result in meaningful revenue. In addition, any delays in developing and releasing new or enhanced products could cause us to lose revenue opportunities and potential customers. Any technical flaws in product releases could diminish the innovative impact of our products and have a negative effect on customer adoption and our reputation. If we fail to introduce new products that meet the demands of our customers or target markets or do not achieve market acceptance, or if we fail to penetrate new markets, our business, financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected.  
 Our management will not be required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the end of the fiscal year for which our second Annual Report is due. If we are unable to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy of our financial reports. 
 In connection with the audits of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to certain aspects of our financial statement close process and our accounting for income taxes. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. These material weaknesses resulted from an aggregation of deficiencies. 
   In the 2013 consolidated financial statements, we incorrectly accounted for our deferred tax liabilities, prepaid tax asset and the related amortization as it related to income taxes incurred on intercompany transactions. The foregoing  
 59 

resulted in the restatement of our 2012 consolidated financial statemen  ts. Subsequent to the quarter ended March 31, 2015, we also identified and corrected an immaterial error related to the accounting for taxes on intercompany transactions.   
 We are required to establish and maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Beginning with our second Annual Report following our initial public offering, we will be required to provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. When we are no longer an emerging growth company, our management report on internal control over financial reporting will need to be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 
 We may fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, in which case we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. The risk of errors is increased in light of the complexity of our business and investment funds. For example, we must deal with significant complexity in accounting for our fund structures and the resulting allocation of net income (loss) between our stockholders and noncontrolling interests under the HLBV method as well as the income tax consequences of these fund structures. As we enter into additional investment funds, which may have contractual provisions different from those of our existing funds, the analysis as to whether we consolidate these funds, the calculation under the HLBV method, and the analysis of the tax impact could become increasingly complicated. This additional complexity could require us to hire additional resources and increase the chance that we experience errors in the future. 
 If we fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the NASDAQ Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional management attention and which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2015, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $595.0 million and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $546.6 million, which begin expiring in varying amounts in 2028 and 2020, respectively, if unused. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change,  the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an  ownership change  occurs if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by  5% shareholders  that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Any such limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax assets could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders continue to have substantial control over us, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of important matters, including a change in control. 
 Each of our executive officers, directors and each of our stockholders who beneficially own 5% or more of our outstanding common stock and their affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 48.9% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, based on the number of shares outstanding as of  September 30, 2016 . As a result, these stockholders, if acting together, will be able to influence or control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers, acquisitions or other extraordinary transactions. They may also have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. 
 60 

The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, and you co  uld lose all or part of your investment.  
 The trading price of our common stock has been volatile since our initial public offering, and is likely to continue to be volatile. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include the following: 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time;     

volatility in the market prices and trading volumes of companies in our industry or companies that investors consider comparable;     

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other companies generally, or those in our industry in particular;     

sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders;     

failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow us, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;     

the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those projections;     

announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services;     

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC;     

rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry;     

actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations;     

changes in tax and other incentives that we rely upon in order to raise tax equity investment funds;     

changes in the regulatory environment and utility policies and pricing, including those that could reduce the savings we are able to offer to customers;     

actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors  businesses or the competitive landscape generally;     

litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors;     

announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors;     

new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business;     

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles;     

any significant change in our management; and     

general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets.     

 Further, in recent years the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In addition, the stock prices of many renewable energy companies have experienced wide fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, government shutdowns, interest rate changes, or international currency fluctuations, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. We are party to litigation which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 61 

The large number of shares of our capital stock eligible for public sale or subject to rights requiring us to register them for public sale could depress the market price of our common stock.  
 The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market after our initial public offering, and the perception that these sales could occur may also depress the market price of our common stock.  
 As of  September 30, 2016 , stockholders owning an aggregate of up to 65,396,429 shares of our common stock can require us to register shares of our capital stock owned by them for public sale in the United States. In addition, we filed a registration statement to register shares of our capital stock reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. Subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods and applicable volume and restrictions that apply to affiliates, the shares of our capital stock issued upon exercise of outstanding options to purchase shares of our common stock became available for immediate resale in the United States in the open market. 
 Future sales of our common stock may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales also could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors and therefore depress the trading price of our common stock. Among other things, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions: 

creating a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered three-year terms;     

authorizing  blank check  preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock;     

limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers;     

limiting the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings;     

requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors; and     

controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board of directors and stockholder meetings.     

 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation law, which prevents certain stockholders holding more than 15% of our outstanding capital stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding capital stock not held by such stockholder. 
 Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws limit the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings and prohibit stockholder action by written consent. 
   Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our stockholders may not take action by written consent. Instead, any such actions must be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders are not able to take any action without first holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with the provisions of our amended and restated bylaws, including advance notice procedures set forth in our amended and restated bylaws. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, the chairman of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer or  
 62 

our President. As a result, our stockholders are not allowed to call a special meeting. These provisions may delay the abilit  y of our stockholders to force consideration of a stockholder proposal, including a proposal to remove directors.  
 Provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our board of directors. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before, or nominate candidates for election as directors at, our annual or special meetings of stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders may remove directors only for cause. Any amendment of these provisions in our amended and restated bylaws or amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require approval by holders of at least 66 2/3% of our then outstanding capital stock. These provisions could preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our board of directors. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court located within the state of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties names as defendants. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, our market or our competitors, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, the market price of our common stock and trading volume could decline. 
 The market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who cover us adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, or provide more favorable recommendations about our competitors, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. If any of the analysts who cover us cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the market price of our common stock and trading volume to decline. 
 We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors may need to rely on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase shares of our common stock. 
 Additional stock issuances could result in significant dilution to our stockholders. 
 We may issue additional equity securities to raise capital, make acquisitions or for a variety of other purposes. Additional issuances of our stock may be made pursuant to the exercise or conversion of new or existing convertible debt securities, warrants, stock options or other equity incentive awards to new and existing service providers. Any such issuances will result in dilution to existing holders of our stock. We rely on equity- based compensation as an important tool in recruiting and retaining employees. The amount of dilution due to equity-based compensation of our employees and other additional issuances could be substantial. 
 63 

As an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, we will utilize certain modified disclosure requirements, and we cannot be certain if these reduced requirements will make our common stock less attractive to   investors.  
 We are an emerging growth company, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to  emerging growth companies.  These exemptions include not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We are utilizing, and we plan in future filings with the SEC to continue to utilize, the modified disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could remain an  emerging growth company  for up to five years following the anniversary of our initial public offering, or until the earliest of (1) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue reaches or exceeds $1.0 billion, (2) the date that we become a  large accelerated filer  as defined in the Exchange Act, which could occur as early as the end of the fiscal year or (3) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period. 

Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None 
   
     Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None 

Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 

64 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SUNRUN INC.  

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ Lynn Jurich  

Lynn Jurich  

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

By:  
 
 /s/ Bob Komin  

Bob Komin  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)   

65 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit   

Incorporated by Reference  

Number  

Exhibit Description  

Form  

File No.  

Exhibit  

Filing Date  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1   

Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document.  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document.  

The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Sunrun Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.    

 66  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 run-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

run-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Lynn Jurich, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sunrun Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(c)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Lynn Jurich  

Lynn Jurich  

Chief Executive Officer and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 run-ex312_10.htm
 EX-31.2

run-ex312_10.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bob Komin, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sunrun Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(c)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Bob Komin  

Bob Komin  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 run-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

run-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certifications Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Sunrun Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: November 10, 2016 

By:  

/s/ Lynn Jurich  

Lynn Jurich  

Chief Executive Officer and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By:  

/s/ Bob Komin  

Bob Komin  

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principle Accounting and Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 run-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 run-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 run-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 run-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 run-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 run-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

