<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1642453_0001213900-16-017854_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1649375</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78911</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>123370</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>328249</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>601020</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>478131</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017854.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101163129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017854
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001642453
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				473913221
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37509
		FILM NUMBER:		161965145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 LOUISIANA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-876-2676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 LOUISIANA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017854.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_hennessycapital.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from  __________ to __________  

Commission
File Number: 001-37509  

HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       47-3913221    
 
       (State
        or other jurisdiction of  
           incorporation
        or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
        Employer  
           Identification
        Number)    

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (713) 300-8242   

Not
applicable   

   (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every
Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).   Yes    No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer    
         
      Accelerated
filer     
 
      Non-accelerated
filer    
         
      Smaller
reporting company     
 
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes   No    

As
of October 27, 2016, there were 24,949,885 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding.   

HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II   

Table
of Contents   

PART
    I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
     Page     

Item
    1.   
      Financial
Statements:   

Condensed
Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  and December 31, 2015  
      1  

Condensed
Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited), for the three months ended September
30, 2015 (unaudited) and for the period from April 29, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015 (unaudited)  

2  

Condensed
Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) 
         
 3  

Condensed
    Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  and for the period from April 29,
    2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015 (unaudited) 
         
 4  

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)                                
      5   

Item
    2.   
      Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
      13   

Item
    3.   
      Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      17   

Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures   
      18   

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
    1.   
      Legal
Proceedings  
      18   

Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors  
      18   

Item
    2.   
      Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      18   

Item
    3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities  
      18   

Item
    4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures  
      18   

Item
    5.  
      Other
    Information  
      18   

Item
    6.   
      Exhibits  
      19   

Signatures  
      20   

PART
1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II   

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements  

HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II   

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements  

HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II   

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

  For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements  

HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II   

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements  

HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II  
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   

NOTE
1 - DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS    

Organization
and General:   

Hennessy
Capital Acquisition Corp. II (the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on April 29, 2015. The Company was formed
for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (the  Initial Business Combination ). The Company is an  emerging growth
company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the  Securities Act,  as
modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ).  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from April 29, 2015 (inception)
through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering ( Public Offering )
described below and, subsequent to the Public Offering, locating and completing a suitable Initial Business Combination. The Company
has not and will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of a suitable Initial Business Combination, at the
earliest. The Company has generated non-operating income in the form of investment income on cash and investments from the proceeds
of the Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31st as its fiscal year end.  

Sponsor
and Financing:   

The
Company s sponsor is Hennessy Capital Partners II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Sponsor ).
The registration statement for the Public Offering (as described in Note 3) was declared effective by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on July 22, 2015. The Company intends to finance an Initial Business Combination
with proceeds from the approximately $199,599,000 of the gross proceeds from the Public Offering (including approximately $24,599,000
from the underwriters  partial exercise of their over-allotment option - Note 3) and approximately $7,540,000 of gross proceeds
(including approximately $590,000 resulting from the underwriters  partial exercise of their over-allotment option) from
the private placement (Notes 3 and 4). Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, approximately $199,599,000
was deposited in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee (the  Trust Account )
as discussed below. As a result of the underwriters  exercising less than the full over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited
41,273 shares of its common stock as described in Notes 3, 4 and 6.  

The
Trust Account:   

The
funds in the Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180) days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest
only in direct U.S. government obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The remaining proceeds
of the Public Offering outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence expenses
for prospective acquisition targets and continuing general and administrative expenses.  

The
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay
taxes, if any, or working capital expenses, none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of:
(i) the completion of the Initial Business Combination; or (ii) the redemption of 100% of the shares of common stock included
in the Units (as defined below) sold in the Public Offering if the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering (subject to the requirements of law).  

Initial
Business Combination:   

The
Company's management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering,
although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating
an Initial Business Combination with a Target Business. As used herein,  Target Business  must be one or more businesses
that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with
the Initial Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business
Combination.  

The
Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an Initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of
the Initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem
their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Initial Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial
Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable or amounts released to the Company for working capital expenses,
or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to have their shares redeemed by the Company by means of a tender offer (and
thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including interest but less
taxes payable or amounts released to the Company for working capital expenses. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination or will allow stockholders to redeem their shares in a tender offer will
be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval unless a vote is required
by NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its Initial Business Combination only if a majority
of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination. However, in no event will
the Company redeem its Public Shares (as defined below) in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than
$5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Initial Business
Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Initial Business Combination.  

If
the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with an Initial Business Combination,
a public stockholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination,
including interest but less taxes payable or amounts released to the Company for working capital expenses. As a result, such shares
of common stock are recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity subsequent to the completion of the Public
Offering, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.   

The
Company will only have 24 months from the closing date of the Public Offering to complete its Initial Business Combination. See
 Liquidation and Going Concern  below.  

Liquidation
and Going Concern   

The Company will only have 24 months from
the closing date of the Public Offering (until July 28, 2017) to complete its Initial Business Combination. If the Company
does not complete an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing date of the Public Offering (by July 28,
2017), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a per share pro rata portion of the
Trust Account, including interest, but less taxes payable and funds released to the Company for working capital (and less up
to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and
liquidate the balance of the Company s net assets to its creditors and remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of
dissolution and liquidation. The Sponsor and each of the Company s officers and directors and an advisor, each of whom
holds Founder Shares (collectively, the  initial stockholders ), have entered into letter agreements with the
Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder
Shares; however, if the initial stockholders or any of their affiliates acquire shares of common stock in or after the Public
Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account upon the Company s redemption or liquidation
in the event the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the required time period. 

This
mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after
July 28, 2017.  

In
the event of such liquidation, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution
(including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering.  

At September 30, 2016, the Company had current
liabilities of approximately $6,215,000 and negative working capital of approximately $5,363,000 largely due to amounts owed to
professionals, consultants, advisors and others for their services, and to USI (as defined below) for reimbursement of certain
expenses, in connection with the Company s previously proposed merger with USI (see Note 8). Funds in the Trust Account
are not generally available for this purpose absent an Initial Business Combination. The majority of the Company s current
liabilities are due to parties who have agreed to waive any claims against the Trust Account. The Company believes that such professionals,
consultants, advisors and others will continue assisting the Company with completing a different Initial Business Combination
and defer a substantial amount of their fees until such completion on a contingency basis. Further, the Company continues to generate
interest income that is available to pay taxes and for working capital purposes. As such, the Company believes that it has sufficient
working capital at September 30, 2016 to fund its operations through July 2017. 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis
of Presentation:   

The
accompanying interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of September 30, 2016
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Certain information and disclosures normally included
in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Interim results
are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.  

The
accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements
and notes thereto included in the final prospectus filed by the Company with the SEC on July 23, 2015 and with the audited financial
statements as of and for the period ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed
with the SEC. All dollar amounts are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars and certain reclassifications have been made to the
balance sheet at December 31, 2015 to conform to the current presentation.  

Emerging
Growth Company:   

Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the
new or revised accounting standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.  

Net
Loss Per Common Share:   

Net
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period, plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to
settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding warrants to
purchase 17,520,332 shares of common stock. For all periods presented, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted
loss per share of common stock because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted loss per common share
is the same as basic loss per common share for the period.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk :  

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times, may exceed the
Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Financial
Instruments :  

The fair value of the Company's assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the condensed financial statements. 

Use
of Estimates :  

The preparation of condensed financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Public Offering Costs : 

The
Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A  Expenses
of Offering . Public Offering costs of approximately $12,568,000 consist of underwriters  discounts of approximately
$11,976,000 (including approximately $7,185,000 of which payment is deferred) and approximately $592,000 of professional, printing,
filing, regulatory and other costs associated with the Public Offering were charged to additional paid in capital upon completion
of the Public Offering in July and August 2015. 

Income
Taxes:    

The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC, 740,  Income Taxes. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
has a deferred tax asset of approximately $210,000 and $90,000, respectively, related to net loss carryforwards (which begin to
expire in 2035) and start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset is appropriate
at this time.  Changes in the ownership of a majority of the fair market value of the Company's
common stock over certain periods of time would potentially delay, limit or eliminate the utilization of existing net operating
loss carryforwards and cred its.   

FASB
ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were
accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under
review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to
income tax examinations by major taxing authorities.  

Redeemable
Common Stock   

All
of the 19,959,908 shares of common stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows
for the redemption of such common stock under the Company's liquidation or tender offer/stockholder approval provisions. In accordance
with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside
of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity's equity instruments,
are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company does not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that
would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders' equity) to be less than $5,000,001.  

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the security to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock
are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital.  

Accordingly,
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 18,212,751 and 18,932,591, respectively, of the 19,959,908 Public Shares are classified
outside of permanent equity at their redemption value. The redemption value is equal to the pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest but less taxes payable and amounts released for working capital (approximately
$10.00 per share at September 30, 2016).  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements:   

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have
a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  

NOTE
3 - PUBLIC OFFERING  

In July and August 2015, the Company closed
the Public Offering for the sale of 19,959,908 Units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the  Units ) yielding gross proceeds
of approximately $199,599,000. The closings occurred on July 28, 2015 with respect to 17,500,000 Units and on August 4, 2015 with
respect to 2,459,908 Units related to the partial exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option. Each Unit consists
of one share of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value (the  Public Shares ) and one redeemable common
stock purchase warrant (the  Warrants ). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of common
stock at a price of $5.75. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants,
a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest
whole number to determine the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the Warrant holder. Each Warrant will become exercisable
on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering
and will expire five years after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
However, if the Company does not complete the Initial Business Combination on or prior to the 24-month period allotted to complete
the Initial Business Combination, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period. The Company has agreed to use its best efforts,
following the completion of the Initial Business Combination, to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act to
cover the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants. If the Company is unable to deliver registered shares
of common stock to the holder upon exercise of Warrants issued as part of the 19,959,908 Units during the exercise period, there
will be no net cash settlement of these Warrants and the Warrants will expire worthless, unless they are exercised on a cashless
basis in the circumstances described in the warrant agreement. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the
outstanding Warrants in whole and not in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice
of redemption, only in the event that the last sale price of the Company s shares of common stock equals or exceeds $24.00
per share for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the
notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 

The
Company paid an underwriting discount of 2.4% of the gross offering proceeds of the Public Offering to the underwriters at the
closing of the Public Offering (approximately $4,790,000), with an additional fee (the  Deferred Discount ) of 3.6%
of the gross offering proceeds payable upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination (approximately $7,185,000). The
Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company
completes the Initial Business Combination.  

In
addition, on July 28, 2015 and August 4, 2015, the Sponsor paid the Company approximately $7,540,000 in a private placement for
the purchase of 15,080,756 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant (the  Private Placement Warrants ) - see also
Note 4.  

Because
the underwriters  exercised less than the full over-allotment option, the Sponsor was required to, and did, forfeit 41,273
of its shares on August 4, 2015 - see also Note 4.  

NOTE
4 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Founder
Shares:   

In
April 2015, the Sponsor purchased 5,031,250 shares of common stock (the  Founder Shares ) for $25,000, or approximately
$0.005 per share. In May 2015, the Sponsor transferred 440,000 shares to the Company s officers, director nominees and an
advisor. The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the
Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit
up to 656,250 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters so that
the initial stockholders would own 20.0% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Public Offering. On August
4, 2015, the Sponsor forfeited 41,273 of its Founder Shares.  

The
Company s initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier
of (A) one year after the completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination, or earlier if, subsequent to the Company s
Initial Business Combination, the last sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s Initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Initial Business Combination that results
in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other
property (the  Lock Up Period ).  

Private
Placement Warrants:   

Upon
the closing of the Public Offering on July 28, 2015 and August 4, 2015, the Sponsor paid the Company approximately $7,540,000
in a private placement for the purchase of the Private Placement Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at $5.75 per share. The purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was
added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Company s Initial Business
Combination. The Private Placement Warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants)
are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination and they are
non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held
by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company
and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. Otherwise,
the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units
in the Public Offering and have no net cash settlement provisions.  

If
the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination, then the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants will be part
of the liquidating distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.  

Registration
Rights:   

The
Company s initial stockholders and holders of the Private Placement Warrants are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with the Public Offering. The Company s initial stockholders
and holders of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration
demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have  piggy-back 
registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. The Company will bear the
expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. There are no penalties associated with delays
in registering the securities under the registration rights agreement.  

Related
Party Loans:    

As
of May 5, 2015, as subsequently amended on July 10, 2015, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of approximately
$238,000 against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the  Note ) to cover expenses related to the Public
Offering. Between May and July 2015, the Company borrowed approximately $238,000 under the Note. These loans were non-interest
bearing and were paid in full upon the closing of the Public Offering on July 28, 2015.  

Administrative
Services Agreement:   

The
Company agreed to pay $10,000 a month for office space, utilities and secretarial support to an affiliate of the Sponsor, Hennessy
Capital LLC. Services commenced on the date the securities were first listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and will terminate upon
the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an Initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company.  

The
Company pays its Chief Financial Officer $11,650 per month during the first twelve months after the Public Offering and $8,300
per month thereafter and $150,000 in cash upon the successful completion of an Initial Business Combination for his services.  

NOTE
5 - TRUST ACCOUNT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT   

The
Company complies with FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and
reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at
fair value at least annually.  

Upon
the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, a total of $199,599,000 was deposited into the Trust Account. All
proceeds in the Trust Account may be invested in either U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that
invest solely in U.S. government treasury obligations. In July 2016, May 2016 and November 2015, the Company withdrew approximately
$72,000, $201,000 and $150,000, respectively, from the Trust Account for taxes and working capital purposes. Subsequent to September
30, 2016, on October 10, 2016, an additional approximately $84,000 was withdrawn from the Trust Account for taxes and working
capital purposes.  

Prior
to April 14, 2016, the proceeds of the Trust Account were invested in U.S. government treasury bills yielding interest of approximately
0.2%. The Company classifies its U.S. government treasury bills and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with
FASB ASC 320,  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities.  Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which
the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity U.S. government treasury bills are recorded at
amortized cost on the accompanying December 31, 2015 balance sheet and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums
or discounts.  

The
following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as
of December 31, 2015 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such
fair value. In addition, the table presents the carrying value under FASB ASC 320, excluding accrued interest income and gross
unrealized holding gains. Since all of the Company s permitted investments at December 31, 2015 consist of U.S. government
treasury bills, fair values of its investments are determined by Level 1 inputs utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities as follows:  

As
of September 30, 2016, the U.S. government treasury bills held in the Trust Account had fully matured and the balance is invested
in a money market account that invests solely in U.S. government obligations meeting the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 of
the Investment Company Act of 1940 (Level 1). Subsequent to September 30, 2016, on October 7, 2016, the Company purchased approximately
$199,599,000 principal amount of U.S. government treasury bills due March 2, 2017 which yield interest of approximately 0.4% per
annum.  

NOTE
6   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Common
Stock:   

On
July 22, 2015, the Company amended and restated its certificate of incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares
of common stock from 29,000,000 shares to 45,000,000 shares. The Company will likely (depending on the terms of the Initial Business
Combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which it is authorized to issue in connection with its
stockholders vote on the Initial Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with
its Initial Business Combination. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common
stock they own. In July and August, 2015, a total of 19,959,908 shares of common stock were issued as part of the Units in the
Public Offering (including Units issued in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option)
and in August 2015 41,273 Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in 24,949,885 shares of common stock issued and outstanding,
including 18,212,751 and 18,932,591 shares, respectively, subject to redemption at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Preferred
Stock:    

The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding.  

NOTE
7   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

The
Company has entered into engagement letters or agreements with various consultants, advisors, professionals and others in connection
with its Initial Business Combination. The services under these engagement letters and agreements are material in amount and in
some instances include contingent or success fees. In most instances, these engagement letters and agreements specifically provide
that such counterparties waive their rights to seek repayment from the funds in the Trust Account. A substantial portion of these
costs (including contingent or success fees and ongoing accrued transactions costs, but not the $7,185,000 of deferred underwriting
compensation) will be charged to operations in the quarter that an Initial Business Combination is consummated.  

NOTE
8   TERMINATION OF PROPOSED BUSINESS COMBINATION WITH USI   

On April 1, 2016, the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended on July 13, 2016 and August 17, 2016, and as so amended, the  Merger Agreement )
with USI Senior Holdings, Inc. ( USI ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and North American Direct Investment
Holdings, LLC, solely in its capacity as the Stockholder Representative. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,  the
Company agreed to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of USI through a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
with and into USI, with USI surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company . 

Subsequent to September
30, 2016,  on October 4, 2016, the Company and USI mutually agreed
to terminate the Merger Agreement, effective as of October 4, 2016. The Merger Agreement provided that the Company will reimburse
USI for certain expenses incurred by USI in connection with the proposed transaction, which are included in accrued liabilities
at September 30, 2016.  

ITEM 2.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

References
to the  Company,   us  or  we  refer to Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II. The following
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report.  

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements under
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  regarding the Company s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
When used in this Form 10-Q, words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect, 
 intend  and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC.  

Overview

We
are a blank check company incorporated on April 29, 2015 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(the  Initial Business Combination ). We intend to effectuate our Initial Business Combination using cash from the
proceeds of a public offering (the  Public Offering ) and a sale of warrants in a private placement that occurred
simultaneously with the completion of the Public Offering (the  Private Placement Warrants ), our capital stock, debt
or a combination of cash, stock and debt.  

The
issuance of additional shares of our stock in a business combination:  

may
                                         significantly dilute the equity interest of our stockholders;    

may
                                         subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
                                         senior to those afforded our common stock;    

could
                                         cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued,
                                         which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry
                                         forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
                                         and directors;    

may
                                         have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock
                                         ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and    

may
                                         decrease prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants.    

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities or incur other indebtedness to finance our Initial Business Combination, it could result in:  

a
                                         decrease in the prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants.    

default
                                         and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
                                         are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;    

acceleration
                                         of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest
                                         payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain
                                         financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;    

our
                                         immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security
                                         or other indebtedness is payable on demand;    

our
                                         inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security or other indebtedness
                                         contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security
                                         or other indebtedness is outstanding;    

our
                                         inability to pay dividends on our common stock;    

using
                                         a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which
                                         will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses,
                                         capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;    

limitations
                                         on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the
                                         industry in which we operate;    

increased
                                         vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
                                         and adverse changes in government regulation; and    

limitations
                                         on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
                                         debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
                                         compared to our competitors who have less debt.    

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at September 30, 2016, we had approximately $818,000 in cash. We have incurred
and continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our Initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans
to complete our Initial Business Combination will be successful.  

On April 1, 2016, the Company entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended on July 13, 2016 and August 17, 2016, and as so amended, the  Merger Agreement )
with USI Senior Holdings, Inc. ( USI ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and North American Direct Investment
Holdings, LLC, solely in its capacity as the Stockholder Representative. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,  the
Company agreed to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of USI through a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
with and into USI, with USI surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company . 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, on October
4, 2016, the Company and USI mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement, effective as of October 4, 2016. The Merger Agreement
provided that the Company will reimburse USI for certain expenses incurred by USI in connection with the proposed transaction,
which costs are included in accrued liabilities at September 30, 2016. 

Results
of Operations    

For
the period from April 29, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2016 our activities consisted of formation and preparation for
the Public Offering and subsequent to the Public Offering, locating and completing a suitable Initial Business Combination. As
such, we had no operations or significant operating expenses until July 2015.  

Our
normal operating costs include costs associated with our search for an Initial Business Combination, costs associated with our
governance and public reporting, state franchise taxes of approximately $10,500 per month, a charge of $10,000 per month from
our Sponsor for administrative services since our Public Offering and $11,650 per month (or $8,300 per month after twelve months
following the Public Offering) for the services of our Chief Financial Officer. Costs increased very significantly in the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to professional and consulting fees and travel associated with evaluating various
Initial Business Combination candidates, negotiating and executing the Merger Agreement with USI and related agreements in connection
with the previously proposed merger with USI. Such costs approximated $2,650,000 and $ 6,850,000, for three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, including approximately $4,475,000 of which has been included in accrued liabilities (approximately
$4,450,000) and accounts payable (approximately $25,000). Significant new additional professional, due diligence and consulting
fees and travel costs will be required in connection with any new Initial Business Combination opportunity. In the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, approximately $65,000 of accrued franchise taxes were reversed as final calculations resulted in a lower
tax than anticipated since the Company was not incorporated until April 2015.  

Investment
income of approximately $99,000 and $317,000 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, represents the
interest income accrued on our investments in the Trust Account. Investments in the Trust Account consisted of U.S. government
treasury bills which matured on April 14, 2016. Upon maturity, the proceeds were invested in a money market fund that invests
solely in direct U.S. government obligations meeting the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Subsequent to September 30, 2016, on October 7, 2016, the Company purchased approximately $199,599,000 principal amount of U.S.
government treasury bills due March 2, 2017 yielding approximately 0.4%. The Company expects interest income to increase during
the period from October 7, 2016 to March 2, 2017 as the yield on the October 7, 2016 U. S. government treasury bill is higher
than the approximately 0.2% yield experienced on investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

In
July and August 2015, we consummated the Public Offering of an aggregate of 19,959,908 Units at a price of $10.00 per unit generating
gross proceeds of approximately $199,599,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation
of the Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 15,080,756 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase
one-half of one share of our common stock at $5.75 per half share ($11.50 per whole share), to the Sponsor, at a price of $0.50
per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of approximately $7,540,000. We received net proceeds
from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants of approximately $201,746,000, net of the non-deferred
portion of the underwriting commissions of $4,790,000 and offering costs and other expenses of approximately $593,000. $199,599,000
of the proceeds of the Public Offering and the private placement have been deposited in the Trust Account and are not available
to us for operations (except amounts designated for working capital and amounts to pay taxes and working capital). At September
30, 2016, we had approximately $818,000 of cash available outside of the Trust Account to fund our activities until we consummate
an Initial Business Combination.  

Until
the consummation of the Public Offering, the Company s only sources of liquidity were an initial purchase of shares of our
common stock ( Founder Shares ) for $25,000 by the  Sponsor, and a total of $237,500 loaned by the Sponsor against
the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the  Note ). These loans were non-interest bearing and were paid in
full on July 28, 2015 in connection with the closing of the Public Offering.  

At September 30, 2016, the Company had current
liabilities of approximately $6,215,000 and negative working capital of approximately $5,363,000 largely due to amounts owed to
professionals, consultants, advisors and others for their services, and to USI for reimbursement of certain of its expenses, in
connection with the Company s previously proposed merger with USI, which was terminated (see Note 8). Funds in the Trust
Account are not generally available for this purpose absent an Initial Business Combination. The majority of the Company s
current liabilities are due to parties who have agreed to waive any claims against the Trust Account. The Company believes that
such professionals, consultants, advisors and others will continue assisting the Company with completing a different Initial Business
Combination and defer a substantial amount of their fees until such completion on a contingency basis. Further, the Company continues
to generate interest income that is available to pay taxes and for working capital purposes. As such, the Company believes that
it has sufficient working capital at September 30, 2016 to fund its operations through July 2017. 

The Company will only have 24
months from the closing date of the Public Offering (until July 28, 2017) to complete its Initial Business Combination. If the
Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing date of the Public Offering (by July
28, 2017), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible,
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account,
including interest, but less taxes payable and funds released to the Company for working capital (and less up to $50,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of
the Company s net assets to its creditors and remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation.
The Sponsor and each of the Company s officers and directors and an advisor, each of whom holds Founder Shares (collectively
the  initial stockholders ), have entered into letter agreements with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived
their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares; however, if the initial stockholders or any
of their affiliates acquire shares of common stock in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share
of the Trust Account upon the Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete an Initial
Business Combination within the required time period. 

This
mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after
July 28, 2017.  

In
the event of such liquidation, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution
(including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering.  

Off-balance
sheet financing arrangements    

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in
transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest
entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements.  

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt
or commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial assets.  

Contractual
obligations    

At
September 30, 2016, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities.
In connection with the Public Offering, we entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with Hennessy Capital LLC, an affiliate
of our Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company pays Hennessy Capital LLC a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial support. In addition, the Company is paying its Chief Financial Officer $11,650 per month during the first twelve
months after the Public Offering and $8,300 per month thereafter and $150,000 in cash upon the successful completion of the Initial
Business Combination for his services. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.  

The
Company has entered into engagement letters or agreements with various consultants, advisors, professionals and others in connection
with an Initial Business Combination. The services under these engagement letters and agreements are material in amount and in
some instances include contingent or success fees. A substantial portion of these costs, including contingent or success fees
and ongoing accrued transaction costs (but not deferred underwriting compensation) will be charged to operations in the quarter
that an Initial Business Combination is consummated. In most instances, these engagement letters and agreements specifically provide
that such counterparties waive their rights to seek repayment from the funds in the Trust Account.  

Critical
Accounting Policies    

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies:  

Emerging
Growth Company   

Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.  

Loss
Per Common Share    

Net
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period, plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to
settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding warrants to
purchase 17,520,332 shares of common stock. For all periods presented, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted
loss per share of common stock because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted loss per common share
is the same as basic loss per common share for the period.  

Financial
Instruments   

The
fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures,  approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying condensed balance
sheets.  

Public Offering Costs  

The Company complies with the requirements of the FASB
ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A-  Expenses of Offering . Public Offering costs of
approximately $12,568,000 consist of underwriters  discounts of approximately $11,976,000 (including approximately $7,185,000
of which payment is deferred) and approximately $592,000 of professional, printing, filing, regulatory and other costs associated
with the Public Offering were charged to additional paid in capital upon completion of the Public Offering in July and August 2015. 

Income
Taxes    

The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC, 740,  Income Taxes. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
had a deferred tax asset of approximately $210,000 and $90,000, respectively, related to net loss carryforwards (which begin to
expire in 2035) and start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset is appropriate
at this time.  

Redeemable
Common Stock   

All
of the 19,959,908 shares of common stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows
for the redemption of such common stock under the Company s liquidation or tender offer/stockholder approval provisions.
In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be
classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the
entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company does not specify a maximum
redemption threshold, its amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will the Company redeem
its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders  equity) to be less than $5,000,001.  

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the security to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock
are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital.  

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 18,212,751 and 18,932,591, respectively, of the 19,959,908 Public Shares were classified
outside of permanent equity at redemption value of $10.00 per share.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have
a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  

ITEM 3.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

We
were incorporated in Delaware on April 29, 2015 for the purpose of effecting an Initial Business Combination. As of September
30, 2016, we had not commenced any operations or generated any revenues. All activity through September 30, 2016 relates to our
formation and our Public Offering and, subsequent to the Public Offering, locating and completing a suitable Initial Business
Combination. Approximately $199,599,000 of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the private placement in July and August
2015 were deposited into a Trust Account that invests solely in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or
less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest
only in direct U. S. government obligations. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $199,676,000 in the Trust Account,
approximately $84,000 of which was transferred to the Company for taxes and working capital purposes in October 2016.  

ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016.
Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

None.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

As
of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on February 22, 2016. Any of these factors could
result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. We may disclose
changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC.  

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

None  

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

None.  

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION   

None.  

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS   

*
Furnished herewith  

SIGNATURES   

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

HENNESSY CAPITAL ACQUISITION
    CORP. II    

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
    Daniel J. Hennessy   

Name:  
      Daniel
    J. Hennessy   

Title:  
       
          Chairman
        of the Board of Directors and  
          Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)      

Dated:
    November 1, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Nicholas A. Petruska   

Name:  
      Nicholas
    A. Petruska   

Title:  
       Executive
                                         Vice President, Chief  

  Financial
Officer and Secretary  

  (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer)  

EXHIBIT
INDEX   

*
Furnished herewith  

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_hennessy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the  

  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934  

  (Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

I,
Daniel J. Hennessy, certify that:  

1.  I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II;  

2.  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)      [omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.]  

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)       disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)       any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
    Daniel J. Hennessy   

Name:  
      Daniel
    J. Hennessy   

Title:  
       
          Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)      

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_hennessy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(e) under the  

  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934  

  (Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

I,
Nicholas A. Petruska, certify that:  

1.  I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II;  

2.  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)      [omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.]  

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)       disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)       any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
    Nicholas A. Petruska   

Name:  
      Nicholas
    A. Petruska   

Title:  
       
          Executive
        Vice President,  
          Chief
         Financial Officer and Secretary  
          (Principal
        Financial Officer)      

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_hennessy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II (the  Company ) for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Daniel J.
Hennessy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant
to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)           The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and  

(2)           The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
    Daniel J. Hennessy   

Name:  
      Daniel
    J. Hennessy   

Title:  
       
          Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)      

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_hennessy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Nicholas A. Petruska, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

(1)           The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)           The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
    Nicholas A. Petruska   

Name:  
      Nicholas
    A. Petruska   

Title:  
       
          Executive
        Vice President,  
          Chief
         Financial Officer and Secretary  
          (Principal
        Financial Officer)      

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 hcacu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hcacu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hcacu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hcacu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hcacu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hcacu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

