<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1501364_0001501364-16-000131_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22762226</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>222541</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1020409</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8466960</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>10186952</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2448011</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>69</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001501364-16-000131.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104084110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001501364-16-000131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United Financial Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001501364
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				273577029
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35028
		FILM NUMBER:		161973743

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		45 GLASTONBURY BLVD.
		CITY:			GLASTONBURY
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		860-291-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		45 GLASTONBURY BLVD.
		CITY:			GLASTONBURY
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06033

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rockville Financial, Inc. /CT/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rockville Financial New, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100914

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001501364-16-000131.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 ubnk2016093010-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM   10-Q    

Commission File Number: 001-35028 
  
  United Financial Bancorp, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Connecticut 
      
    27-3577029 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

45 Glastonbury Boulevard, Glastonbury, Connecticut 
      
    06033 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(860) 291-3600 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.           Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter prior that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12B-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12B-2 of the Act).    Yes           No      
  As of   October 31, 2016  , there were   50,512,092   shares of Registrant s no par value common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents 

Page 
       Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Interim Financial Statements  

Consolidated Statements of Condition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    7 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
    9 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    46 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    71 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    72 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    72 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    72 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    73 

Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    73 

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    73 

Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    73 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    73 

SIGNATURES  
    75 

Exhibits 

Table of Contents  

Part 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1 - Interim Financial Statements 
   
  United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Condition 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  3 

Table of Contents  

United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Net Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  4 

Table of Contents  

United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (Unaudited) 

(1) 
    Amounts are included in gain (loss) on sales of securities, net in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Net Income.  Income tax (expense) benefit associated with the reclassification adjustment was   $(17)   and   $21   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. Income tax expense associated with the reclassification adjustment was   $(673)   and   $(230)   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 
              (2) 
    Amounts are included in borrowed funds expense in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Net Income. Income tax expense associated with the reclassification adjustment for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $239  . Income tax expense (benefit) associated with the reclassification adjustment for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   was   $664   and   $(4)  , respectively. 
              (3) 
    Amounts are included in salaries and employee benefits expense in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Net Income. Income tax expense associated with the reclassification adjustment for prior service costs for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   was   minimal  .  
              (4) 
    Amounts are included in salaries and employee benefits expense in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Net Income. Income tax benefit associated with the reclassification adjustment of the losses recognized in net periodic benefit cost for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   was   $44   and   $69  , respectively. Income tax benefit associated with the reclassification adjustment for losses recognized in net periodic benefit cost for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   was   $134   and   $205  , respectively.  
     
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  5 

Table of Contents  

United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  6 

Table of Contents  

(Continued) 
  See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  7 

Table of Contents  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  8 

Table of Contents  

United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
                 Note 1. 
    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Nature of Operations 
  United Financial Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company  or  United ) is headquartered in Glastonbury, Connecticut, and through United Bank (the  Bank ) and various subsidiaries, delivers financial services to individuals, families and businesses primarily throughout Connecticut and Massachusetts through   53   banking offices, its commercial loan production offices, its mortgage loan production offices,   63   ATMs, telephone banking, mobile banking and online banking (  www.bankatunited.com  ). 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The consolidated interim financial statements and the accompanying notes presented in this report include the accounts of the Company, the Bank and the Bank s wholly-owned subsidiaries, United Bank Mortgage Company, United Bank Investment Corp., Inc., United Bank Commercial Properties, Inc., United Bank Residential Properties, Inc., United Northeast Financial Advisors, Inc., United Bank Investment Sub, Inc., UCB Securities, Inc. II, UB Properties, LLC, United Financial Realty HC, Inc. and United Financial Business Trust I. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
  The consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included in the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016   or any future period. These unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s   2015   audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in United Financial Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Common Share Repurchases    
  The Company is chartered in the state of Connecticut. Connecticut law does not provide for treasury shares, rather shares repurchased by the Company constitute authorized but unissued shares. GAAP states that accounting for treasury stock shall conform to state law. Therefore, the cost of shares repurchased by the Company has been allocated to common stock balances.  
  Reclassifications    
  Certain reclassifications have been made in prior periods  consolidated financial statements to conform to the   2016   presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or net change in cash equivalents.  
  Use of Estimates    
  The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Actual results in the future could vary from the amounts derived from management s estimates and assumptions. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, the realizability of deferred tax assets, the evaluation of securities for other-than-temporary impairment, the valuation of derivative instruments and hedging activities, and goodwill impairment valuations. 
   
                 Note 2. 
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Statement of Cash Flows 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   to address eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The issues identified within the ASU include: 1) debt prepayments and extinguishment costs, 2) settlement of zero-coupon debt, 3) settlement of contingent consideration, 4) insurance proceeds, 5) settlement of corporate-owned life insurance (COLI) and bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) policies, 6) distributions from equity method investees, 7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and 8) receipts and payments with aspects of more than one class of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the ASU on the disclosures  in the Company s Statements of Cash Flows, but does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

9 

Table of Contents  

Financial Instruments 
  In June 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments   which amends the Board s guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. The ASU adds to GAAP an impairment model (known as the current expected credit loss (CECL) model) that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. Under the new guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses, which the FASB believes will result in more timely recognition of such losses. The ASU is also intended to reduce the complexity of US GAAP by decreasing the number of credit impairment models that entities use to account for debt instruments. For public business entities that are US Securities and Exchange Commission filers, such as the Company, this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. All entities may adopt the amendments in this Update earlier as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. This ASU potentially could have  a significant impact on the Company s allowance for loan losses, however, no assessment of the potential impact has been determined. Efforts are in process to quantify and prepare for the ASU s effective date. 
  Compensation 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   as part of the FASB s simplification initiative aimed at reducing complexity in accounting standards  .   This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities, including; accounting for income taxes; classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows; forfeitures; statutory tax withholding requirements; classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and; classification of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s Financial Statements.    
  Derivatives and Hedging 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments   as part of the consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force. This ASU addresses inconsistent interpretations of whether an event that triggers an entity s ability to exercise the embedded contingent option must be indexed to interest rates or credit risk for that option to qualify as clearly and closely related. The ASU clarifies that in assessing whether an embedded contingent put or call option is clearly and closely related to the debt host, an entity is required to perform only the four-step decision sequence in ASC 815-15-25-42 as amended by the ASU. The entity does not have to separately assess whether the event that triggers its ability to exercise the contingent option is itself indexed only to interest rates or credit risk. For public business entities, the amendments in the ASU are effective for annual reporting periods, and interim period therein, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 
  Leases 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.  2016-02   Leases (Topic 842)  . This ASU consists of three sections: Section A-   Leases: Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification  ; Section B -   Conforming Amendments Related to Leases: Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification  ; and Section C -   Background Information and Basis for Conclusions.   This ASU introduces a lessee model that brings most leases on the balance sheet and aligns many of the underlying principles of the new lessor model with those in the new revenue recognition standard, ASC 606,   Revenue From Contracts with Customers  . The new leases standard represents a whole-sale change to lease accounting and will most likely result in significant implementation challenges during the transition period and beyond. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting, but without explicit bright lines. The new guidance will be effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 (i.e. calendar periods beginning on January 1, 2019), and interim periods therein. For all other entities, the ASU will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 (i.e. calendar periods beginning on January 1, 2020), and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption will be permitted for all entities. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 
  Financial Instruments 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01   Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   This ASU requires entities to carry all investments in equity securities, including other ownership interests such as partnerships, unincorporated joint ventures and limited liability companies, at fair value through net income. This new requirement does not apply to investments that qualify for the equity method of accounting or to those that result in consolidation of these investments. The ASU supersedes current guidance and no longer requires equity securities with readily determinable fair value to be classified into categories (i.e. trading or available for sale).  The ASU clarifies  

10 

Table of Contents  

that when identifying observable price changes, an entity should consider relevant transactions  that are known or can reasonably be known  and that an entity is not required to spend undue cost and effort to identify such transactions. The ASU also indicates that an entity should consider a security s rights and obligations, such as voting rights, distribution rights and preferences, and conversion features, when evaluating whether the security issued by the same issuer is similar to the equity security held by the entity. The ASU further provides for the elimination of disclosure requirements related to financial instruments measured at amortized cost. For public business entities, the new standard will require disclosure of fair value using the exit price notion for all financial instruments measured at amortized cost.  Pursuant to the ASU, recognition and measurement will take effect for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all entities, the ASU permits early adoption of the instrument-specific credit risk provision. Additionally, for non-public entities, it permits early adoption of the exemption provisions related to disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments measured at amortized cost. 
   
                 Note 3. 
    Securities 

The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair value of investment securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are as follows: 

11 

Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016  , the net unrealized gain on securities available for sale of   $15.6 million  , net of an income tax expense of   $5.6 million  , or   $10.0 million  , was included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the unaudited Consolidated Statement of Condition.  
  The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities at   September 30, 2016   by contractual maturities are presented below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because some securities may be called or repaid without any penalties. Also, because mortgage-backed securities require periodic principal paydowns, they are not included in the maturity categories in the following maturity summary. 

12 

Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   114   securities with a fair value of   $549.3 million   pledged as derivative collateral, collateral for reverse repurchase borrowings and collateral for Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ( FHLBB ) borrowing capacity.  At   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   114   securities with a fair value of   $446.0 million   pledged as derivative collateral, collateral for reverse repurchase borrowings, and collateral for FHLBB borrowing capacity. 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , gross gains of   $325,000   and   $185,000   were realized on the sales of available-for-sale securities for both periods, respectively. There were gross losses of   $277,000   and   $244,000   realized on the sale of available-for-sale securities for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , gross gains of   $2.6 million   and   $2.4   million, respectively, were realized on the sales of available-for-sale securities. There were gross losses of $  743,000   and   $1.8 million   realized on the sale of available-for-sale securities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any exposure to private-label mortgage-backed securities. The Company also did not own any single security with an aggregate book value in excess of   10%   of the Company s stockholders  equity. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the obligations of states and political subdivisions portfolio was   $237.4 million  , with no significant geographic or issuer exposure concentrations. Of the total revenue and general obligations of   $237.4 million  ,   $105.2 million   were representative of general obligation bonds for which   $67.8 million   are general obligations of political subdivisions of the respective state, rather than general obligations of the state itself.  
  The following table summarizes gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by category and length of time the securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

13 

Table of Contents  

14 

Table of Contents  

Of the available-for-sale securities summarized above as of   September 30, 2016  ,   32   issues had unrealized losses equaling   1.7%   of the amortized cost basis for less than twelve months and   62   issues had an unrealized loss of   4.3%   of the amortized cost basis for twelve months or more. There was   one   unrealized loss of   $14,000   on a debt security held to maturity at   September 30, 2016  . As of   December 31, 2015  ,   146   issues had unrealized losses equaling   1.2%   of the cost basis for less than twelve months and   96   issues had unrealized losses equaling   3.7%   of the amortized cost basis for twelve months or more. 
  Management believes that   no   individual unrealized loss as of   September 30, 2016   represents an other-than-temporary impairment, based on its detailed quarterly review of the securities portfolio. Among other things, the other-than-temporary impairment review of the investment securities portfolio focuses on the combined factors of percentage and length of time by which an issue is below book value as well as consideration of issuer specific information (present value of cash flows expected to be collected, issuer rating changes and trends, credit worthiness and review of underlying collateral), broad market details and the Company s intent to sell the security or if it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the debt security before recovering its cost. The Company also considers whether the depreciation is due to interest rates, market changes, or credit risk. 
  The following paragraphs outline the Company s position related to unrealized losses in its investment securities portfolio at   September 30, 2016  .  
  Government-sponsored residential collateralized debt obligations.   The unrealized losses on the Company s government-sponsored residential  collateralized debt obligations were caused by the continued pickup of prepayment speeds given the overall drop in the government curve over the period, which encouraged further refinancing relative to original purchase expectations.  The Company monitors this risk, and therefore, strives to minimize premiums within this security class. The Company does not expect these securities to settle at a price less than the par value of the securities. 
  Asset-backed securities  .   The unrealized losses on the Company s asset-backed securities were largely driven by increases in the spreads of the respective sectors  asset classes over comparable securities relative to the time of purchase. The majority of these securities have resetting coupons that adjust on a quarterly basis and the market credit and liquidity spreads on similar securities have increased. Based on the credit profiles and asset qualities of the individual securities, management does not believe that the securities have suffered from any credit related losses at this time. The Company does not expect these securities to settle at a price less than the par value of the securities.  
  Corporate debt securities.   The unrealized losses on corporate debt securities is primarily related to one pooled trust preferred security, Preferred Term Security XXVIII, Ltd ( PRETSL XXVIII ). The unrealized loss on this security is caused by the low interest rate environment, as the security reprices quarterly to the three month LIBOR and market spreads on similar newly issued securities have increased.   No   loss of principal is projected. Based on the existing credit profile, management does not believe that this security has suffered from any credit related losses. The unrealized loss on the remainder of the corporate credit portfolio has been driven primarily by overall wider credit spreads on certain securities relative to the time of purchase. 
  Obligations of states and political subdivisions.   The unrealized loss on obligations of states and political subdivisions relates to   several   securities, with no geographic concentration. The unrealized loss was largely due to a shift in the spreads on the short end of the municipal spread curve relative to the spreads on the bonds at the time of purchase. 
  Marketable equity securities.   The unrealized loss on marketable equity securities largely pertains to widening credit spreads and higher rates for certain affected securities relative to their respective purchase. 
  The Company will continue to review its entire portfolio for other-than-temporarily impaired securities.  

15 

Table of Contents  

Note 4. 
    Loans Receivable and Allowance for Loan Losses 

A summary of the Company s loan portfolio is as follows: 

Purchased Credit Impaired Loans 
  Purchased credit impaired loans ( PCI ) are accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 310-30,   Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality   ( ASC 310-30 ). At   September 30, 2016  , the net recorded carrying amount of loans accounted for under ASC 310-30 was   $4.7 million   and the aggregate outstanding principal balance was   $7.5 million  . 
  The following table summarizes the activity in the the accretable yield balance for PCI loans for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Reclassifications of   $232,000   and   $882,000   from the accretable balance to the nonaccretable balance occurred during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, due to reductions in expected cash flows for the ASC 310-30 loans. 
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
   Management has established a methodology to determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses ( ALL ) that assesses the risks and losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The ALL is established as embedded losses are estimated to have occurred through the provisions for losses charged against operations and is maintained at a level that management considers adequate to absorb losses in the loan portfolio. Management s judgment in determining the adequacy of the allowance is inherently subjective and is based on past loan loss experience, known and inherent losses and size of the loan portfolios, an assessment of current  

16 

Table of Contents  

economic and real estate market conditions, estimates of the current value of underlying collateral, review of regulatory authority examination reports and other relevant factors. An allowance is maintained for impaired loans to reflect the difference, if any, between the carrying value of the loan and the present value of the projected cash flows, observable fair value or collateral value. Loans are charged-off against the ALL when management believes that the uncollectibility of principal is confirmed. Any subsequent recoveries are credited to the ALL when received. In connection with the determination of the ALL, management obtains independent appraisals for significant properties, when considered necessary. 
  The ALL is maintained at a level estimated by management to provide for probable losses inherent within the loan portfolio. Probable losses are estimated based upon a quarterly review of the loan portfolio, which includes historic default and loss experience, specific problem loans, risk rating profile, economic conditions and other pertinent factors which, in management s judgment, warrant current recognition in the loss estimation process. 
  The adequacy of the ALL is subject to considerable assumptions and judgment used in its determination. Therefore, actual losses could differ materially from management s estimate if actual conditions differ significantly from the assumptions utilized. These conditions include economic factors in the Company s market and nationally, industry trends and concentrations, real estate values and trends, and the financial condition and performance of individual borrowers. 
  The Company s general practice is to identify problem credits early and recognize full or partial charge-offs as promptly as practicable when it is determined that the collection of loan principal is unlikely. The Company recognizes full or partial charge-offs on collateral dependent impaired loans when the collateral is deemed to be insufficient to support the carrying value of the loan. The Company does not recognize a recovery when an updated appraisal indicates a subsequent increase in value. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a loan loss allowance of   $41.1 million  , or   0.87%  , of total loans as compared to a loan loss allowance of   $33.9 million  , or   0.73%  , of total loans at   December 31, 2015  . Management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate and consistent with asset quality indicators and that it represents the best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
  There are three components for the allowance for loan loss calculation: 
  General component 
  The general component of the ALL is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors stratified by the loan segments. Management uses a rolling average of historical losses based on a   three  -year loss history to capture relevant loss data for each loan segment. This historical loss factor is adjusted for the following qualitative factors: levels and trends in delinquencies; level and trend of charge-offs and recoveries; trends in volume and types of loans; effects of changes in risk selection and underwriting standards, changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; experience and depth of lending weighted average risk rating; and national and local economic trends and conditions. There were no changes in the Company s methodology pertaining to the general component of the ALL during 2016.  
  The qualitative factors are determined based on the various risk characteristics of each loan segment. Risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows: 
  Residential real estate and home equity loans     The Bank establishes maximum loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios and minimum credit scores as an integral component of the underwriting criteria. Loans in these segments are collateralized by owner-occupied residential real estate and repayment is dependent on the income and credit quality of the individual borrower. Within the qualitative allowance factors, national and local economic trends including unemployment rates and potential declines in property value, are key elements reviewed as a component of establishing the appropriate allocation. Overall economic conditions, unemployment rates and housing price trends will influence the underlying credit quality of these segments. 
  Owner-occupied and investor non-owner occupied commercial real estate ( Owner-occupied CRE  and  Investor CRE )     Loans in these segments are primarily income-producing properties throughout Connecticut, western Massachusetts, and other select markets in the Northeast. The underlying cash flows generated by the properties could be adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by increased vacancy rates, which in turn, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Management obtains rent rolls annually, continually monitors the cash flows of these loans and performs stress testing. 
  Commercial and residential construction loans     Loans in this segment primarily include commercial real estate development and residential subdivision loans for which payment is derived from the sale of the property. Credit risk is affected by cost overruns, time to sell at an adequate price, and market conditions. 
  Commercial business loans     Loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by assets of the business. Repayment is expected from the cash flows of the business. A weakened economy and its effect on business profitability and cash flow could have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

17 

Table of Contents  

Other Consumer       Loans in this segment are secured or unsecured and repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. A significant portion of these loans are secured by boats. 
  For acquired loans, our ALL is estimated based upon our evaluation of the credit quality of the acquired loan portfolio or expected cash flows for the acquired PCI loans. To the extent that we experience a deterioration in credit quality resulting in a decrease in our expected cash flows subsequent to the acquisition of the loans, an allowance for loan losses would be established based on our estimate of future credit losses over the remaining life of the loans, in excess of any existing purchase accounting discounts. 
  Allocated component 
  The allocated component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for commercial, commercial real estate and construction loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell, if the loan is collateral dependent. An allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. Residential and other consumer loans are evaluated for impairment if payments are   90   days or more delinquent. Updated property evaluations are obtained at time of impairment and serve as the basis for the loss allocation if foreclosure is probable or the loan is collateral dependent. 
  A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 
  When a loan is determined to be impaired the Company makes a determination if the repayment of the obligation is collateral dependent. As a majority of impaired loans are collateralized by real estate, appraisals on the underlying value of the property securing the obligation are utilized in determining the specific impairment amount that is allocated to the loan as a component of the allowance calculation. If the loan is collateral dependent, an updated appraisal is obtained within a short period of time from the date the loan is determined to be impaired; typically no longer than   30   days for a residential property and   90   days for a commercial real estate property. The appraisal and the appraised value are reviewed for adequacy and then further discounted for estimated disposition costs and the period of time until resolution, in order to determine the impairment amount. The Company updates the appraised value at least annually and on a more frequent basis if current market factors indicate a potential change in valuation. 
  The majority of the Company s loans are collateralized by real estate located in central and eastern Connecticut and western Massachusetts in addition to a portion of the commercial real estate loan portfolio located in the Northeast region of the United States. Accordingly, the collateral value of a substantial portion of the Company s loan portfolio and real estate acquired through foreclosure is susceptible to changes in market conditions in these areas. 
  Unallocated component 
  An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating allocated and general reserves in the portfolio. 
  Credit Quality Information 
  The Company utilizes a   nine  -grade internal loan rating system for residential and commercial real estate, construction, commercial and other consumer loans as follows: 
  Loans rated 1   5: Loans in these categories are considered  pass  rated loans with low to average risk. 
  Loans rated 6: Loans in this category are considered  special mention.  These loans reflect signs of potential weakness and are being closely monitored by management. 
  Loans rated 7: Loans in this category are considered  substandard.  Generally, a loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor and there is a distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the weakness is not corrected. 

18 

Table of Contents  

Loans rated 8: Loans in this category are considered  doubtful.  Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, highly questionable and improbable. 
  Loans rated 9: Loans in this category are considered uncollectible ( loss ) and of such little value that their continuance as loans is not warranted. 
  At the time of loan origination, a risk rating based on this nine point grading system is assigned to each loan based on the loan officer s assessment of risk. For residential real estate and other consumer loans, the Company considers factors such as updated FICO scores, employment status, home prices, loan to value and geography. Residential real estate and other consumer loans are pass rated unless their payment history reveals signs of deterioration, which may result in modifications to the original contractual terms. In situations which require modification to the loan terms, the internal loan grade will typically be reduced to substandard. More complex loans, such as commercial business loans and commercial real estate loans require that our internal credit area further evaluate the risk rating of the individual loan, with the credit area and Chief Credit Officer having final determination of the appropriate risk rating. These more complex loans and relationships receive an in-depth analysis and periodic review to assess the appropriate risk rating on a post-closing basis with changes made to the risk rating as the borrower s and economic conditions warrant. The credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio is reviewed by a third-party risk assessment firm throughout the year and by the Company s internal credit management function. The internal and external analysis of the loan portfolio is utilized to identify and quantify loans with higher than normal risk. Loans having a higher risk profile are assigned a risk rating corresponding to the level of weakness identified in the loan. All loans risk rated Special Mention, Substandard or Doubtful are reviewed by management not less than on a quarterly basis to assess the level of risk and to ensure that appropriate actions are being taken to minimize potential loss exposure. Loans identified as being loss are normally fully charged off. 
  The following table presents the Company s loans by risk rating at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

19 

Table of Contents  

Activity in the allowance for loan losses for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

20 

Table of Contents  

Further information pertaining to the allowance for loan losses and impaired loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   follows: 

Management has established the allowance for loan loss in accordance with GAAP at   September 30, 2016   based on the current risk assessment and level of loss that is believed to exist within the portfolio. This level of reserve is deemed an appropriate estimate of probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   based upon the analysis conducted and given the portfolio composition, delinquencies, charge offs and risk rating changes experienced during the first   nine   months of   2016   and the   three  -year evaluation period utilized in the analysis. Based on the qualitative assessment of the portfolio and in thorough consideration of non-performing loans, management believes that the allowance for loan losses properly supports the level of associated loss and risk. 

21 

Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of past due and non-accrual loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , including purchased credit impaired loans: 

Loans reported as past due 90 days or more and still accruing represent loans that were evaluated by management and maintained on accrual status based on an evaluation of the borrower.   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was one U.S. Government fully guaranteed loan reported as past due 90 days or more and still accruing in addition to accruing purchased credit impaired loans.    

22 

Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of impaired loans with and without a valuation allowance as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following is a summary of average recorded investment in impaired loans and interest income recognized on those loans for the periods indicated: 

23 

Table of Contents  

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  The restructuring of a loan is considered a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) if both (i) the restructuring constitutes a concession by the creditor and (ii) the debtor is experiencing financial difficulties. A TDR may include (i) a transfer from the debtor to the creditor of receivables from third parties, real estate, or other assets to satisfy fully or partially a debt, (ii) issuance or other granting of an equity interest to the creditor by the debtor to satisfy fully or partially a debt unless the equity interest is granted pursuant to existing terms for converting debt into an equity interest, and (iii) modifications of terms of a debt. 
  The following table provides detail of TDR balances for the periods presented: 

24 

Table of Contents  

Loans restructured as TDRs during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   are set forth in the following table: 

25 

Table of Contents  

The following table provides information on loan balances modified as TDRs during the period:   

The following table provides information on loans modified as TDRs within the previous 12 months and for which there was a payment default during the periods presented: 

The majority of restructured loans were on accrual status as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Typically, residential loans are restructured with a modification and extension of the loan amortization and maturity at substantially the same interest rate as contained in the original credit extension. As part of the TDR process, the current value of the property is compared to the general ledger loan balance and if not fully supported, a charge-off is processed through the allowance for loan losses. Commercial real estate loans, commercial construction loans and commercial business loans also contain payment modification agreements and a like assessment of the underlying collateral value if the borrower s cash flow may be inadequate to service the entire obligation. 
  Loan Servicing 
  The Company services certain loans for third parties. The aggregate balance of loans serviced for others was   $1.02 billion   and   $863.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The balances of these loans are not included on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Condition. 

26 

Table of Contents  

The risks inherent in mortgage servicing rights relate primarily to changes in prepayments that result from shifts in mortgage interest rates. The fair value of mortgage servicing rights at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was determined using pretax internal rates of return ranging from   9.5%   to   11.5%   and the Public Securities Association Standard Prepayment model to estimate prepayments on the portfolio with an average prepayment speed of   298   and   183  , respectively.  The fair value of mortgage servicing rights is obtained from a third party provider. 
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company received servicing income in the amount of    $416,000   and   $1.3 million   compared to $  310,000   and    $799,000  , for the same periods in 2015, respectively. This income is included in income from mortgage banking activities in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income. 
  Mortgage servicing rights are included in other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. Changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights are included in income from mortgage banking activities in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income. The following table summarizes mortgage servicing rights activity for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  .  

Note 5. 
    Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangibles 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill and core deposit intangible assets are summarized as follows: 

27 

Table of Contents  

On April 30, 2014, Rockville Financial, Inc. completed its merger with United Financial Bancorp, Inc. ( Legacy United ). Discussions throughout this report related to the merger with Legacy United are referred to as the  Merger . The goodwill associated with the Merger is not tax deductible. In accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles   Goodwill and Other, goodwill is not amortized, but will be subject to an annual review of qualitative factors to determine if an impairment test is required. The amortizing intangible asset associated with the acquisition consists of the core deposit intangible. The core deposit intangible is being amortized using the sum of the years  digits method over its estimated life of   10   years. Amortization expense of the core deposit intangible was   $385,000   and   $433,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and was   $1.2 million   and   $1.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.   
   
                 Note 6. 
    Borrowings 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ( FHLBB ) Advances 
  The Bank is a member of the FHLBB. Contractual maturities and weighted-average rates of outstanding advances from the FHLBB as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are summarized below: 

The total carrying value of FHLBB advances at   September 30, 2016   was   $977.5 million  , which includes a remaining fair value adjustment of   $2.1 million   on acquired advances. At   December 31, 2015  , the total carrying value of FHLBB advances was   $949.0 million  , with a remaining fair value adjustment of   $3.5 million  .   
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   eight   advances totaling   $93.0 million   with interest rates ranging from   0.26%   to   4.49%  , which are scheduled to mature between   2017   and   2031  , are callable by the FHLBB. Advances are collateralized by first mortgage loans and investment securities with an estimated eligible collateral value of   $1.5 billion   and   $1.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  In addition to the outstanding advances, the Bank has access to an unused line of credit with the FHLBB amounting to   $10.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . In accordance with an agreement with the FHLBB, the qualified collateral must be free and clear of liens, pledges and have a discounted value equal to the aggregate amount of the line of credit and outstanding advances. At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank could borrow immediately an additional   $408.5 million   from the FHLBB, inclusive of the line of credit. 
  Other Borrowings 
  The following table presents other borrowings by category as of the dates indicated: 

Subordinated Debentures 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the carrying value of the Company s subordinated debentures totaled   $79.7 million   and   $79.5 million  , respectively. 

28 

Table of Contents  

On September 23, 2014, the Company closed its public offering of   $75.0 million   of its   5.75%   Subordinated Notes due October 1, 2024 (the  Notes ). The Notes were offered to the public at par.  Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on April 1, 2015. Issuance costs totaled   $1.3 million   and are being amortized over the life of the Notes as a component of interest expense. 
  In connection with the Merger, the Company has assumed junior subordinated debt in the form of trust preferred securities issued through a private placement offering with a face amount of   $7.7 million  . The Company recorded a fair value acquisition discount of   $2.3 million   on May 1, 2014. The remaining unamortized discount was   $2.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  . This issue has a maturity date of   March 15, 2036   and bears a floating rate of interest that reprices quarterly at the 3-month LIBOR rate plus   1.85%  .  A special redemption provision allows the Company to redeem this issue at par on March 15, June 15, September 15, or December 15 of any year subsequent to March 15, 2011.  
  Repurchase Agreements 
  The following table presents the Company s outstanding borrowings under repurchase agreements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , advances outstanding under wholesale reverse repurchase agreements totaled   $20.0 million   and   $45.0 million  , respectively. The outstanding advances at   September 30, 2016   consisted of   two   individual borrowings with remaining terms of   three years   or less and a weighted average cost of   2.59%  . The outstanding advances at   December 31, 2015   consisted of   three   individual borrowings with remaining terms of   three   years or less and had a weighted average cost of   1.51%  . The Company pledged investment securities with a market value of   $24.2 million   and   $51.1 million   as collateral for these borrowings at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Retail repurchase agreements primarily consist of transactions with commercial and municipal customers, are for a term of one day and are backed by the purchasers  interest in certain U.S. Government Agency securities or government-sponsored securities.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , retail repurchase agreements totaled   $21.4 million   and   $19.3 million  , respectively.  The Company pledged investment securities with a market value of   $30.3 million   and   $34.6 million   as collateral for these borrowings at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Given that the repurchase agreements are secured by investment securities valued at market value, the collateral position is susceptible to change based upon variation in the market value of the securities that can arise due to fluctuations in interest rates, among other things. In the event that the interest rate changes result in a decrease in the value of the pledged securities, additional securities will be required to be pledged in order to secure the borrowings. Due to the short term nature of the majority of the repurchase agreements, Management believes the risk of further encumbered securities pose a minimal impact to the Company s liquidity position. 
  Other 
  At September 30, 2016 other borrowings consist of capital lease obligations.  At December 31, 2015 other borrowings consist of a secured borrowing and capital lease obligations. The secured borrowing relates to the transfer of a financial asset that did not meet the definition of a participating interest and did not meet sale accounting criteria; therefore, it is accounted for as a secured borrowing and classified as long-term debt on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. The Company has capital lease obligations for   three   of its leased banking branches. 
  Other Sources of Wholesale Funding 
  The Bank has relationships with brokered sweep deposit providers by which funds are deposited by the counterparties at the Bank s request.  Amounts outstanding under these agreements are reported as interest-bearing deposits and totaled   $223.6 million    

29 

Table of Contents  

at a cost of   0.58%   at   September 30, 2016   and   $123.1 million   at a cost of   0.45%   at   December 31, 2015  . The Bank maintains open dialogue with the brokered sweep providers and has the ability to increase the deposit balances upon request, up to certain limits based upon internal policy requirements. 
  Additionally, the Company has unused federal funds lines of credit with   four   counterparties totaling   $107.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
   
                 Note 7. 
    Derivatives and Hedging Activities 

Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives 
  The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposure to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the Company s known or expected cash receipts and its known or expected cash payments principally related to the Company s investments and borrowings. The Company also has interest rate derivatives that result from a service provided to certain qualifying customers. The Company manages a matched book with respect to these derivative instruments in order to minimize its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Information about interest rate swap agreements and non-hedging derivative assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

(1) 
    The receiver leg of the cash flow hedges is floating rate and indexed to the 3-month USD-LIBOR-BBA, as determined two London banking days prior to the first day of each calendar quarter, commencing with the earliest effective trade. The earliest effective trade date for these forward starting cash flow hedges is   October 16, 2017  . 
              (2) 
    The paying leg is one month LIBOR plus a fixed spread; above rate in effect as of the date indicated. 
              (3) 
    The Company offers a loan level hedging product to qualifying commercial borrowers that seek to mitigate risk to rising interest rates. As such, the Company enters into equal and offsetting trades with dealer counterparties. 
     Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
  The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 
  The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted  

31 

Table of Contents  

transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company did not record any hedge ineffectiveness. 
  Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate debt. The Company expects to reclassify   $1.9 million   from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense during the next 12 months. 
  The Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions over a period of approximately   60   months (excluding forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments). 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   ten   outstanding interest rate derivatives with a notional value of   $430.0 million   that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. 
  Fair Value Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
  The Company is exposed to changes in the fair value of certain of its fixed rate obligations due to changes in benchmark interest rates. The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in fair value on these instruments attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate. Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges involve the receipt of fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making variable rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. 
  For derivatives designated and that qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. The Company includes the gain or loss on the hedged items in the same line item as the offsetting gain or loss on the related derivatives. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , the Company recognized a negligible net reduction to interest expense.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   three   outstanding interest rate derivatives with a notional amount of   $35.0 million   that were designated as a fair value hedge of interest rate risk. 
  Non-Designated Hedges 
  Qualifying derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain customers. The Company executes interest rate derivatives with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate derivatives are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   65   borrower-facing interest rate derivatives with an aggregate notional amount of   $439.7 million   and   65   broker derivatives with an aggregate notional value amount of   $439.7 million   related to this program. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   five   risk participation agreements with   three   counterparties related to a loan level interest rate swap with   five   of its commercial banking customers. Of these agreements,   four   were entered into in conjunction with credit enhancements provided to the borrowers by the counterparties; therefore, if the borrowers default, the counterparties are responsible for a percentage of the exposure. During the third quarter of 2015,   one   agreement was entered into in conjunction with credit enhancements provided to the borrower by the Bank, whereby the Bank is responsible for a percentage of the exposure to the counterparty. At   September 30, 2016  , the notional amount of this risk participation agreement was   $6.1 million  , reflecting the counterparty participation of    33.1%  . The risk participation agreements are a guarantee of performance on a derivative and accordingly, are recorded at fair value on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition. At   September 30, 2016  , the notional amount of the remaining   four   risk participation agreements was   $26.6 million  , reflecting the counterparty participation level of   39.2%  . 
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had   one   receive-fixed interest rate derivative with a notional amount of   $7.5 million   and a maturity date in July 2026. The derivative was executed to protect against a portion of the devaluation of the Company s mortgage servicing right asset that occurs in a falling rate environment.  Both instruments are marked to market through the income statement. 
  Derivative Loan Commitments 
  Additionally, the Company enters into mortgage loan commitments that are also referred to as derivative loan commitments if the loan that will result from exercise of the commitment will be held for sale upon funding. The Company enters into commitments to fund residential mortgage loans at specified rates and times in the future, with the intention that these loans will subsequently be sold in the secondary market. 

32 

Table of Contents  

Outstanding derivative loan commitments expose the Company to the risk that the price of the loans arising from exercise of the loan commitment might decline from inception of the rate lock to funding of the loan due to increases in mortgage interest rates. If interest rates increase, the value of these loan commitments decreases. Conversely, if interest rates decrease, the value of these loan commitments increases. 
  Forward Loan Sale Commitments 
  To protect against the price risk inherent in derivative loan commitments, the Company utilizes To Be Announced ( TBA ) as well as cash ( mandatory delivery  and  best efforts ) forward loan sale commitments to mitigate the risk of potential decreases in the values of loans that would result from the exercise of the derivative loan commitments.  
  With TBA and mandatory cash contracts, the Company commits to deliver a certain principal amount of mortgage loans to an investor/counterparty at a specified price on or before a specified date. If the market improves (rate decline) and the Company fails to deliver the amount of mortgages necessary to fulfill the commitment by the specified date, it is obligated to pay a  pair-off  fee, based on then-current market prices, to the investor/counterparty to compensate the investor for the shortfall. Conversely if the market declines (rates worsen) the investor/counterparty is obligated to pay a  pair-off  fee to the Company based on then-current market prices. The Company expects that these forward loan sale commitments, TBA and mandatory, will experience changes in fair value opposite to the change in fair value of derivative loan commitments. 
  With best effort cash contracts, the Company commits to deliver an individual mortgage loan of a specified principal amount and quality to an investor if the loan to the underlying borrower closes. Generally best efforts cash contracts have no pair off risk regardless of market movement. The price the investor will pay the seller for an individual loan is specified prior to the loan being funded (e.g., on the same day the lender commits to lend funds to a potential borrower). The Company expects that these forward loan sale commitments, best efforts, will experience a net neutral shift in fair value of derivative loan commitments. 
  Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Statement of Condition 
  The table below presents the fair value of the Company s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Statements of Condition as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Effect of Derivative Instruments in the the Company s Consolidated Statements of Net Income and Changes in Stockholders  Equity 
  The tables below presents the effect of derivative instruments in the Company s Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity designated as hedging instruments for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  :  

33 

Table of Contents  

The tables below present information pertaining to the Company s derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income designated as hedging instruments for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

The table below presents information pertaining to the Company s derivatives not designated as hedging instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
  The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the counterparty defaults on any of its indebtedness or fails to maintain a well-capitalized rating, then the counterparty could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations and could be required to terminate its derivative positions with the counterparty.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was   $44.2 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties and has posted collateral of   $48.6 million   against its obligations under these agreements. A degree of netting occurs on occasions where the Company has exposure to a counterparty and the counterparty has exposure to the Company. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at   September 30, 2016  , it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at the termination value and would have been required to pay any additional amounts due in excess of amounts previously posted as collateral with the respective counterparty. 
   
                 Note 8. 
    Stock-Based Compensation Plans 

The Company maintains and operates the Rockville Financial, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Award Plan (the  2006 Plan ) as approved by the Company s Board and stockholders. The 2006 Plan allows the Company to use stock options, stock awards, stock appreciation rights and performance awards to attract, retain and reward performance of qualified employees and others who contribute to the success of the Company.  

34 

Table of Contents  

The Company maintains and operates the Rockville Financial, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan ) as approved by the Company s Board and shareholders. The 2012 Plan allows the Company to use stock options, stock awards, and performance awards to attract, retain and reward performance of qualified employees and others who contribute to the success of the Company.  
  In connection with a merger, the Company assumed the following stock-based compensation plans: (a) United Financial Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock-Based Incentive Plan, (b) United Financial Bancorp, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, (c) CNB Financial Corp. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, and (d) CNB Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan collectively referred to as  the Legacy United Stock Plans.   
  On October 29, 2015, a special meeting of shareholders was held and the shareholders approved the 2015 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ). The 2015 Plan allows the Company to use stock options, stock awards, and performance awards to attract, retain and reward performance of qualified employees and others who contribute to the success of the Company.  The 2015 Plan reserves a total of up to   4,050,000   shares (the  Cap ) of Company common stock for issuance upon the grant or exercise of awards made pursuant to the 2015 Plan. Of these shares, the Company may grant shares in the form of restricted stock, performance shares and other share-based awards and may grant stock options. However, the number of shares issuable will be adjusted by a  fungible ratio  of   2.35  . This means that for each share award other than a stock option share or a stock appreciation right share, each 1 share awarded shall be deemed to be   2.35   shares awarded. The 2015 Plan became effective as of the date of approval by the Company s shareholders, and upon shareholder approval no other awards may be granted from the previously approved or assumed plans. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   3,356,982   shares remained available for future grants under the 2015 Plan.  
  For the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2016  , total employee and Director stock-based compensation expense recognized for stock options and restricted stock was   $80,000   with a related tax benefit of   $29,000   and   $1.5 million   with a related tax benefit of   $527,000  , respectively. Of the total expense amount for the   nine  -month period, the amount for Director stock-based compensation expense recognized (in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income as other non-interest expense) was   $325,000  , and the amount for officer stock-based compensation expense recognized (in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income as salaries and employee benefit expense) was   $1.2   million. For the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2015  , total employee and Director stock-based compensation expense recognized for stock options and restricted stock was   $100,000   with a related tax benefit of   $36,000   and   $589,000   with a related tax benefit of   $212,000  , respectively.  
  For the   three-month period ended September 30, 2016  , total employee and Director stock-based compensation expense recognized for stock options and restricted stock was   $20,000   with a related tax benefit of   $7,000   and   $499,000   with a related tax benefit of   $180,000  , respectively. Of the total expense amount for the three-month period, the amount for Director stock-based compensation expense recognized (in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income as other non-interest expense) was   $105,000  , and the amount for officer stock-based compensation expense recognized (in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income as salaries and employee benefit expense) was   $414,000  . For the   three-month period ended September 30, 2015  , total employee and Director stock-based compensation expense recognized for stock options and restricted stock was   $32,000   with a related tax benefit of   $12,000   and   $131,000   with a related tax benefit of   $47,000  , respectively. 
  The fair values of stock option and restricted stock awards, measured at grant date, are amortized to compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  
  Stock Options 
  The following table presents the activity related to stock options outstanding, including options that have stock appreciation rights ( SARs ), under the Plans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the unrecognized cost related to outstanding stock options was   $200,000   and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of   2.0 years  . 

35 

Table of Contents  

There were   no   stock options granted during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015.  
  Options exercised may include awards that were originally granted as tandem SARs.  Therefore, if the SAR component is exercised, it will not equate to the number of shares issued due to the conversion of the SAR option value to the actual share value at exercise date. There were   20,208   options with a SAR component included in total options exercised during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  Restricted Stock 
  Restricted stock provides grantees with rights to shares of common stock upon completion of a service period. During the restriction period, all shares are considered outstanding and dividends are paid on the restricted stock. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company issued   39,328   shares of restricted stock from shares available under the Company s 2015 Plan to certain employees.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the weighted-average grant date fair value was   $11.70   per share and the restricted stock awards vest in either equal annual installments on the anniversary date over a   3   year period or cliff vest at the end of the   3   year period. The following table presents the activity for restricted stock for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $2.6 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   2.0 years  . 
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
  As part of the second-step conversion and stock offering completed in 2011, the Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP )borrowed an additional   $7.1 million   from the Company to purchase   684,395   shares of common stock during the initial public offering and in the open market. The outstanding loan balance of   $6.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   will be repaid principally from the Bank s discretionary contributions to the ESOP over a remaining period of   25 years  . 
  The Company accounts for its ESOP in accordance with FASB ASC 718-40,   Compensation   Stock Compensation  . Under this guidance, unearned ESOP shares are not considered outstanding and are shown as a reduction of stockholders  equity as unearned compensation. The Company will recognize compensation cost equal to the fair value of the ESOP shares during the periods in which they are committed to be allocated. To the extent that the fair value of the Company s ESOP shares differs from the cost of such shares, this difference will be credited or debited to equity. As the loan is internally leveraged, the loan receivable from the ESOP to the Company is not reported as an asset nor is the debt of the ESOP shown as a liability in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Dividends on unallocated shares are used to pay the ESOP debt. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the remaining loan had an outstanding balance of   $6.3 million   and the interest rate is the prime rate plus   one percent  . The unallocated ESOP shares are pledged as collateral on the loans. As the loans are repaid to the Company, shares will be released from collateral and will be allocated to the accounts of the participants. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , ESOP compensation expense was   $77,000   and   $75,000  , respectively. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , ESOP compensation expense was   $216,000   and   $222,000  , respectively.  
  The ESOP shares as of the period indicated below were as follows: 

Note 9. 
    Regulatory Matters 

The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by Federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly, additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. The regulations require the Company and the Bank to meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company s and the Bank s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company s and the Bank s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and is considered  well-capitalized  under regulatory guidelines. 

36 

Table of Contents  

Basel III 
  In July 2013, federal banking regulators approved final rules that implement changes to the regulatory capital framework for U.S. banks. The rules set minimum requirements for both the quantity and quality of capital held by community banking institutions.  The final rule includes a new minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets of 4.5%, raises the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4% to 6%, and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4% for all banking organizations.  Additionally, community banking institutions must maintain a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount greater than 2.5% of total risk-weighted assets to avoid being subject to limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers.  The phase-in period for the rules began for the Company on January 1, 2015, with full compliance with all of the final rules  requirements phased in over a multi-year schedule.  Management believes that the Company s capital levels will remain characterized as  well-capitalized  under the new rules.   
  The following is a summary of the Company s and the Bank s regulatory capital amounts and ratios as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   compared to the FDIC s requirements for classification as a well-capitalized institution and for minimum capital adequacy:  

Connecticut law restricts the amount of dividends that the Bank can pay the Company based on retained earnings for the current year and the preceding two years.  

37 

Table of Contents  

Note 10. 
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, included in stockholders  equity, are as follows: 

Note 11. 
    Net Income Per Share 

The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the weighted-average number of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from diluted earnings per share were   270,329   and   627,768  , respectively. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the weighted-average number of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from diluted earnings per share were   637,770   shares. For the periods shown, the stock options are anti-dilutive because the strike price is greater than the average fair value of the Company s common stock for the periods presented.  
   
                 Note 12. 
    Fair Value Measurements 

Fair value estimates are made as of a specific point in time based on the characteristics of the assets and liabilities and relevant market information. In accordance with FASB ASC 820, the fair value estimates are measured within the fair value hierarchy. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

38 

Table of Contents  

Level 1: 
    Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets and liabilities as of the reporting date. The quoted price is not adjusted because of the size of the position relative to trading volume. 
              Level 2: 
    Pricing inputs are observable for assets and liabilities, either directly or indirectly, but are not the same as those used in Level 1. Fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. 
              Level 3: 
    Pricing inputs are unobservable for assets and liabilities and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity and the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. 
     The inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such instances, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given asset and liability is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value of the asset and liability. 
  When available, quoted market prices are used. In other cases, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows, future expected loss experience and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and could be material. Derived fair value estimates may not be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in certain cases, could not be realized in an immediate sale of the instrument. 
  Fair value estimates for financial instrument fair value disclosures are based on existing financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not financial instruments. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not purport to represent the underlying market value of the Company. 
  Loans Held for Sale 
  The Company has elected the fair value option for its portfolio of residential real estate mortgage loans held for sale to reduce certain timing differences and better match changes in fair value of the loans with changes in the fair value of the derivative loan sale contracts used to economically hedge them. 
  The aggregate principal amount of the residential real estate mortgage loans held for sale was   $82.1 million   and   $9.8   million at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The aggregate fair value of these loans as of the same dates was   $83.3 million   and   $10.1   million, respectively. 
  There were   no   residential real estate mortgage loans held for sale 90 days or more past due at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  The following table presents the gains in fair value related to mortgage loans held for sale for the periods indicated. Changes in the fair value of mortgage loans held for sale are reported as a component of income from mortgage banking activity in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  The following tables detail the assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine the fair value. There were   no   transfers in and out of Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 measurements during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  . 

39 

Table of Contents  

40 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents additional information about assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Company utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: 

The following valuation methodologies are used for certain assets that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. 
  Available-for-Sale Securities:   Securities available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using an independent pricing service. Level 1 securities are those traded on active markets for identical securities including U.S. treasury securities, equity securities and mutual funds. Level 2 securities include U.S. Government agency obligations, U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises, mortgage-backed securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions, corporate and other debt securities. Level 3 securities include private placement securities and thinly traded equity securities. All fair value measurements are obtained from a third party pricing service and are not adjusted by management. 
  Matrix pricing is used for pricing most obligations of states and political subdivisions, which is a mathematical technique widely used in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for specific securities but rather by relying on securities relationships to other benchmark quoted securities. The grouping of securities is completed according to insurer, credit support, state of issuance and rating to incorporate additional spreads and municipal bond yield curves. 
  The valuation of the Company s asset-backed securities is obtained from a third party pricing provider and is determined utilizing an approach that combines advanced analytics with structural and fundamental cash flow analysis based upon observed market based yields. The third party provider s model analyzes each instrument s underlying collateral given observable collateral characteristics and credit statistics to extrapolate future performance and project cash flows, by incorporating expectations of default probabilities, recovery rates, prepayment speeds, loss severities and a derived discount rate. The Company has determined that due to the liquidity and significance of unobservable inputs, that asset-backed securities are classified in Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 
  The Company holds one pooled trust preferred security. The security s fair value is based on unobservable issuer-provided financial information and discounted cash flow models derived from the underlying structured pool and therefore is classified as Level 3. 
  Loans Held for Sale:   The fair value of residential mortgage loans held for sale is estimated using quoted market prices for loans with similar characteristics provided by government-sponsored entities.  Any changes in the valuation of mortgage loans held for sale is based upon the change in market interest rates between closing the loan and the measurement date and an immaterial portion attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk.  The Company has determined that loans held for sale are classified in Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
  Mortgage Servicing Rights:   A mortgage servicing right ( MSR ) asset represents the amount by which the present value of the estimated future net cash flows to be received from servicing loans are expected to more than adequately compensate the Company for performing the servicing. The fair value of servicing rights is provided by a third party and is estimated using a present value cash flow model. The most important assumptions used in the valuation model are the anticipated rate of the loan  

41 

Table of Contents  

prepayments and discount rates. Adjustments are recorded monthly. (See Note 4,  Loans Receivable and Allowance for Loan Losses  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report) as the cash flows derived from the valuation model change the fair value of the asset. Although some assumptions in determining fair value are based on standards used by market participants, some are based on unobservable inputs and therefore are classified in Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 
  Derivatives:   Derivative instruments related to commitments for loans to be sold are carried at fair value. Fair value is determined through quotes obtained from actively traded mortgage markets. Any change in fair value for rate lock commitments to the borrower is based upon the change in market interest rates between making the rate lock commitment and the measurement date and, for forward loan sale commitments to the investor, is based upon the change in market interest rates from entering into the forward loan sales contract and the measurement date. Both the rate lock commitments to the borrowers and the forward loan sale commitments to investors are derivatives pursuant to the requirements of FASB ASC 815-10; however, the Company has not designated them as hedging instruments. Accordingly, they are marked to fair value through earnings. 
  The Company s intention is to sell the majority of its fixed rate mortgage loans with original terms of   30 years   on a servicing retained basis as well as certain   10  ,   15   and   20   year loans. The servicing value has been included in the pricing of the rate lock commitments. The Company estimates a fallout rate of approximately   14.5%   based upon historical averages in determining the fair value of rate lock commitments. Although the use of historical averages is based upon unobservable data, the Company believes that this input is insignificant to the valuation and, therefore, has concluded that the fair value measurements meet the Level 2 criteria. The Company continually reassesses the significance of the fallout rate on the fair value measurement and updates the fallout rate accordingly. 
  Hedging derivatives include interest rate swaps as part of management s strategy to manage interest rate risk. The valuation of the Company s interest rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity and interest rate curves. The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its interest rate derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  The following table presents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Company utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value at   September 30, 2016  :  

Asset-backed securities:  Given the level of market activity for the asset backed securities in the portfolio, the discount rates utilized in the fair value measurement were derived by analyzing current market yields for comparable securities and research reports issued by brokers and dealers in the financial services industry. Adjustments were then made for credit and structural differences between these types of securities. There is an inverse correlation between the discount rate and the fair value measurement. When the discount rate increases, the fair value decreases.  
  Other significant unobservable inputs to the fair value measurement of the asset backed securities in the portfolio included prospective defaults and recoveries.  The cumulative default percentage represents the lifetime defaults assumed. The loss given default percentage represents the percentage of current and projected defaults assumed to be lost. There is an inverse correlation between the default percentages and the fair value measurement. When default percentages increase, the fair value decreases.   
  Corporate debt:  Given the level of market activity for the trust preferred securities in the form of collateralized debt obligations, the discount rate utilized in the fair value measurement were derived by analyzing current market yields for trust preferred securities  

42 

Table of Contents  

of individual name issuers in the financial services industry. Adjustments were then made for credit and structural differences between these types of securities. There is an inverse correlation between the discount rate and the fair value measurement. When the discount rate increases, the fair value decreases.  
  Other significant unobservable inputs to the fair value measurement of the collateralized debt obligations included prospective defaults and recoveries. The cumulative default percentage represents the lifetime defaults assumed, excluding currently defaulted collateral and including all performing and currently deferring collateral.  As a result, the cumulative default percentage also reflects assumptions of the possibility of currently deferring collateral curing and becoming current.  The loss given default percentage represents the percentage of current and projected defaults assumed to be lost. There is an inverse correlation between the cumulative default and loss given default percentages and the fair value measurement. When default percentages increase, the fair value decreases.   
  Mortgage servicing rights:  Given the low level of market activity in the MSR market and the general difficulty in price discovery, even when activity is at historic norms, the discount rate utilized in the fair value measurement was derived by analyzing recent and historical pricing for MSRs. Adjustments were then made for various loan and investor types underlying these MSRs. There is an inverse correlation between the discount rate and the fair value measurement. When the discount rate increases, the fair value decreases. 
  Other significant unobservable inputs to the fair value measurement of MSR s include cost to service, an input that is not as simple as taking total costs and dividing by a number of loans. It is a figure informed by marginal cost and pricing for MSRs by competing firms, taking other assumptions into consideration. It is different for different loan types. There is an inverse correlation between the cost to service and the fair value measurement. When the cost assumption increase, the fair value decreases. 
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
  The Company may also be required, from time to time, to measure certain other assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. The following tables detail the assets carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the valuation technique utilized by the Company to determine fair value. There were   no   liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for certain assets that are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 
  Other Real Estate Owned  : The Company classifies property acquired through foreclosure or acceptance of deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, as other real estate owned ( OREO ) in its financial statements. Upon foreclosure, the property securing the loan is recorded at fair value as determined by real estate appraisals less the estimated selling expense. Appraisals are based upon observable market data such as comparable sales within the real estate market. Assumptions are also made based on management s judgment of the appraisals and current real estate market conditions and therefore these assets are classified as non-recurring Level 3 assets in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Impaired Loans  : Accounting standards require that a creditor recognize the impairment of a loan if the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate (or, alternatively, the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral) is less than the recorded investment in the impaired loan. Non-recurring fair value adjustments to collateral dependent loans are recorded, when necessary, to reflect partial write-downs and the specific reserve allocations based  

43 

Table of Contents  

upon observable market price or current appraised value of the collateral less selling costs and discounts based on management s judgment of current conditions. Based on the significance of management s judgment, the Company records collateral dependent impaired loans as non-recurring Level 3 fair value measurements. 
  Losses on assets recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis are as follows: 

Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments: 
  The following methods and assumptions were used by management to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments not recorded at fair value for which it is practicable to estimate that value. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  : Carrying value is assumed to represent fair value for cash and due from banks and short-term investments, which have original maturities of 90 days or less. 
  Loans Receivable   net  : The fair value of the net loan portfolio is determined by discounting the estimated future cash flows using the prevailing interest rates and appropriate credit and prepayment risk adjustments as of period-end at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The fair value of non-performing loans is estimated using the Bank s prior credit experience. 
  FHLBB  stock  :  FHLBB stock is a non-marketable equity security which is assumed to have a fair value equal to its carrying value due to the fact that it can only be redeemed by the FHLBB at par value. 
  Accrued Interest Receivable  : Carrying value is assumed to represent fair value. 
  Deposits and Mortgagors  and Investors  Escrow Accounts  : The fair value of demand, non-interest- bearing checking, savings and certain money market deposits is determined as the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of time deposits is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows using rates offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities as of period-end. 
  FHLBB Advances and Other Borrowings  : The fair value of borrowed funds is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using market rates for similar borrowings. 

44 

Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the carrying value and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments are as described below: 

Certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial investments are exempt from disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value of amounts presented above may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the Company. 
   
                 Note 13. 
    Commitments and Contingencies 

Financial Instruments With Off-Balance Sheet Risk 
  In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit through issuing standby letters of credit and undisbursed portions of construction loans and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. The contractual amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments. 

45 

Table of Contents  

The contractual amounts of commitments to extend credit represent the amounts of potential accounting loss should the contract be fully drawn upon, the customer defaults and the value of any existing collateral obligations is deemed worthless. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Off-balance sheet financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit risk are as follows at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Since these commitments could expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include residential and commercial property, accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, deposits, and securities. 
  Other Commitments 
  The Company invests in partnerships, including low income housing tax credit, new markets housing tax credit, and alternative energy tax credit partnerships. The net carrying balance of these investments totaled   $31.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and is included in other assets in the consolidated statement of condition. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was contractually committed under these limited partnership agreements to make additional capital contributions of   $5.3 million  , which constitutes our maximum potential obligation to these partnerships.  
  Legal Matters 
  The Company is involved in various legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of business. The Company is not involved in any legal proceedings deemed to be material as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
                 Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 
  Certain statements contained in this document that are not historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (referred to as the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (referred to as the Securities Exchange Act), and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements from the use of the words  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   plan,   potential,   estimate,   project,   believe,   intend,   anticipate,   expect,   target  and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including among other things, changes in general economic and business conditions, increased competitive pressures, changes in the interest rate environment, legislative and regulatory change, changes in the financial markets, and other risks and uncertainties disclosed from time to time in documents that United Financial Bancorp files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and the Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. Because of these and other uncertainties, United s actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. In addition, United s past results of operations do not necessarily indicate United s combined future results. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by applicable law or regulation,  

46 

Table of Contents  

management undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which such statements were made. 
  The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD   A ) is intended to help the reader understand the Company s operations and present business environment. Management believes accuracy, transparency and clarity are the primary goals of successful financial reporting. Management remains committed to transparency in the Company s financial reporting, providing the Company s stockholders with informative financial disclosures and presenting an accurate view of the Company s financial disclosures, financial position and operating results. 
  The MD   A is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in Part I, Item 1, of this report as well as the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The following sections are included in the MD   A: 
             
    Business     a general description of the Company s business, objectives and regulatory considerations. 
                
    Critical Accounting Estimates     a discussion of accounting estimates that require critical judgments and estimates. 
                
    Operating Results     an analysis of the Company s consolidated results of operations for the periods presented in the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
                
    Comparison of Financial Liquidity and Capital Resources     an overview of financial condition and market interest rate risk. 
      
  Business 
  General 
  By assets, United Financial Bancorp, Inc. is the third largest publicly traded banking institution headquartered in Connecticut with consolidated assets of   $6.54 billion   and stockholders  equity of   $656.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  
  The Company is a commercially-focused financial institution delivering financial services primarily to small- to mid-sized businesses and individuals throughout Connecticut and Massachusetts through   53   banking offices, commercial loan production offices, mortgage loan production offices,   63   ATMs, telephone banking, mobile banking, and online banking (www.bankatunited.com). 
  The Company s vision is to pursue excellence in all things with respect to its customers, employees, shareholders and communities. This pursuit of excellence has helped the Company fulfill the financial needs of its customers while delivering an exceptional banking experience in the market areas that it has served since 1858. The structure of United Bank supports the vision with community banking teams in each market that provide traditional banking products and services to business organizations and individuals, including commercial business loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, consumer loans, financial advisory services and a variety of deposit products.  
  Our business philosophy is to remain a community-oriented franchise and continue to focus on organic growth supplemented through acquisitions and provide superior customer service to meet the financial needs of the communities in which we operate. The Company s three year strategic plan includes: 
             
    Continuing to expand commercial business, owner-occupied commercial real estate and consumer lending activities while meeting the Company s designated risk adjusted return on capital levels;  
                
    Decreasing the exposure to residential and investor non-owner occupied commercial real estate lending;  
                
    Growing the Company s low cost core deposit base;  
                
    Increasing the non-interest income component of total revenues through development of banking-related fee income and the sale of insurance and investment products; and  
                
    Remaining focused on improving operating efficiencies. 
     The Company s results of operations depend primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between the income earned on its loan and securities portfolios and its cost of funds, consisting of the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Results of operations are also affected by the Company s provision for loan losses, gains and losses from sales of loans and securities, and non-interest income and expenses. Non-interest income primarily consists of fee income from depositors, mortgage servicing income, mortgage origination and loan sale income, loan swap fees and increases in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ( BOLI ). Non-interest expenses consist principally of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, service bureau fees, core deposit intangible amortization, marketing, professional fees, FDIC insurance assessments, and other operating expenses. 

47 

Table of Contents  

Results of operations are also significantly affected by general economic and competitive conditions and changes in interest rates as well as government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. Future changes in applicable laws, regulations or government policies may materially affect the Company. Uncertainty and challenges surrounding future economic growth, consumer confidence, credit availability, competition and corporate earnings remains. 
  The Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market   SM    under the ticker symbol  UBNK . 
  Our Objectives 
  The Company seeks to continually deliver superior value to its customers, stockholders, employees and communities through achievement of its core operating objectives which are to: 
             
    Align our earning asset growth rate with organic capital and low cost core deposit generation to maintain strong capital and liquidity ratios;  
                
    Re-mix cash flows into better yielding risk adjusted earning assets and reduce funding costs relative to our peer group.  Transition from a thrift deposit base to a commercial bank deposit base with more DDA and low cost core deposits;  
                
    Build high quality, profitable loan portfolios using primarily organic growth and also purchase strategies, while also continuing to maintain and improve efficiencies in our  secondary mortgage banking business; 
                
    Build and diversify revenue streams through development of banking-related fee income, in particular, through the expansion of our financial advisory services; 
                
    Maintain expense discipline and improve operating efficiencies; 
                
    Invest in people and technology to enhance superior customer service and products to grow revenues while maintaining an attractive cost structure;  
                
    Grow operating revenue, maximize operating earnings and grow tangible book value; and 
                
    Maintain a rigorous risk identification and management process. 
     Significant factors management reviews to evaluate achievement of the Company s operating objectives and its operating results and financial condition include, but are not limited to: net income and earnings per share, return on tangible common equity and assets, net interest margin, non-interest income, operating expenses related to total average assets and efficiency ratio, asset quality, loan and deposit growth, capital management, liquidity and interest rate sensitivity levels, customer service standards, market share and peer comparisons. 
  Regulatory Considerations 
  The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous examinations by federal and state banking regulators, as well as the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for additional disclosures with respect to laws and regulations affecting the Company s businesses. 
   
  Critical Accounting Estimates 
  The accounting policies followed by the Company and its subsidiaries conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and with general practices within the banking industry. Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. The Company bases its assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time the Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that the financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. 
  Management believes that the most critical accounting policies, which involve the most complex subjective decisions or assessments, relate to the allowance for loan losses, other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities, derivative instruments and hedging activities, goodwill, and income taxes. Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Additional accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  presented in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. A brief description of the Company s current policies involving significant judgment follows: 
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The allowance for loan losses is established as embedded losses are estimated to have occurred through the provisions for losses charged against operations and is maintained at a level that management considers adequate to absorb losses in the loan  

48 

Table of Contents  

portfolio. Management s judgment in determining the adequacy of the allowance is inherently subjective and is based on past loan loss experience, known and inherent losses and size of the loan portfolios, an assessment of current economic and real estate market conditions, estimates of the current value of underlying collateral, review of regulatory authority examination reports and other relevant factors. 
  Management has determined the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment, which consists of residential real estate for loans collateralized by owner-occupied residential real estate, home equity lines of credit, owner-occupied  and investor commercial real estate, construction, commercial business, and other consumer loans. Management further segregates these portfolios between loans which are accounted for under the amortized cost method (referred to as  covered  loans) and loans acquired (referred to as  acquired  loans), as acquired loans were originally recorded at fair value, which included an estimate of credit losses, resulting in no carryover of the related allowance for loan losses. An allowance for loan losses on acquired loans is only established to the extent that there is deterioration in loan quality exceeding the original estimates of credit loss established upon acquisition. 
  Although management believes it uses appropriate available information to establish the allowance for loan losses, future additions to the allowance may be necessary if certain future events occur that cause actual results to differ from the assumptions used in making the evaluation. 
  Other-than-Temporary Impairment of Securities 
  The Company maintains a securities portfolio that is classified into two major categories: available for sale and held to maturity. Securities available-for-sale are recorded at estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive income. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost. Management determines the classifications of a security at the time of purchase. 
  Quarterly, securities with unrealized losses are reviewed as deemed appropriate to assess whether the decline in fair value is temporary or other-than-temporary. The assessment is to determine whether the decline in value is from company-specific events, industry developments, general economic conditions, credit losses on debt or other reasons. Declines in the fair value of available-for-sale securities or held to maturity securities below their cost or amortized cost that are deemed to be other-than-temporary are reflected in earnings for equity securities and for debt securities that have an identified credit loss. Unrealized losses on debt securities with no identified credit loss component are reflected in other comprehensive income.  
  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  The Company uses derivatives to manage a variety of risks, including risks related to interest rates. Accounting for derivatives as hedges requires that, at inception and over the term of the arrangement, the hedged item and related derivative meet the requirements for hedge accounting. The rules and interpretations related to derivatives accounting are complex. Failure to apply this complex guidance correctly will result in the changes in the fair value of the derivative being reported in earnings. 
  The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payment) and the expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payment (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rates curves. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , derivative assets and liabilities were   $29.7 million   and   $43.7 million  , respectively. Further information about our use of derivatives is provided in Note 7,  Derivatives and Hedging Activities  in Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
  Goodwill 
  The Company is required to record certain assets and liabilities it has acquired in a business combination, including identifiable intangible assets such as core deposit intangibles, at fair value, which may involve making estimates based on third-party valuations, such as appraisals or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. The resulting goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the goodwill may be impaired.  
  When goodwill is evaluated for impairment, qualitative factors considered include, but are not limited to, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, and events affecting the reporting unit. If there are no qualitative factors that indicate goodwill may be impaired, the quantitative analysis is not required. For a quantitative analysis, if the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment charge is recorded to income. The fair value is based on observable market prices, when practicable. Other valuation techniques may be used when market prices are unavailable, including estimated discounted cash flows and market multiples analyses. These types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. In the event of future changes in fair value, the Company may be exposed to an impairment charge that could be material. 

49 

Table of Contents  

The carrying value of goodwill at   September 30, 2016   was   $115.3 million  . For further discussion on goodwill see Note 5,  Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangibles  in Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
  Income Taxes 
  The Company recognizes income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. 
  Significant management judgment is required in determining income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Some judgments are subjective and involve estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. In determining the valuation allowance, we use forecasted future operating results, based upon approved business plans, including a review of the eligible carry forward periods, tax planning opportunities and other relevant considerations. Management believes that the accounting estimate related to the valuation allowance is a critical accounting estimate because the underlying assumptions can change from period to period. For example, tax law changes or variances in future projected operating performance could result in a change in the valuation allowance. 
  The reserve for tax contingencies contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions. The effective income tax rate is also affected by changes in tax law, entry into new tax jurisdictions, the level of earnings and the results of tax audits. 

50 

Table of Contents  

Operating Results 
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
  In addition to evaluating the Company s results of operations in accordance with GAAP, management periodically supplements this evaluation with an analysis of certain non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are intended to provide the reader with additional perspectives on operating results, financial condition, and performance trends, while facilitating comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions. Non-GAAP financial measures are not a substitute for GAAP measures, rather, they should be read and used in conjunction with the Company s GAAP financial information. 
   The following is a reconciliation of Non-GAAP financial measures by major category for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

51 

Table of Contents  

The following table is a reconciliation of Non-GAAP financial measures for select average balances, interest income and expense, and average yields and cost for the periods indicated: 

Executive Overview 
  Net income of   $14.2 million  , or   $0.28   per diluted share, was recorded for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to net income of   $13.4 million  , or   $0.27   per diluted share, for the same period in 2015. Adjusted operating net income for the third quarter of 2016 was   $14.1 million   (Non-GAAP), adjusted primarily for   $383,000   net impact of the amortization and accretion of the fair value adjustments on acquired loans, deposits, and borrowings as a result of the merger and   $447,000   of reorganization and merger related non-interest expenses. Adjusted operating net income for the third quarter of 2015 was   $10.9 million   (Non-GAAP), and was adjusted primarily for   $4.1 million   net impact of the amortization and accretion of the fair value adjustments on loans, deposits, and borrowings as a result of the merger and   $244,000   of merger-related non-interest expenses. 
  Net income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $35.1 million  , or   $0.70   per diluted share, compared to   $39.7 million  , or   $0.81   per diluted share, for the same period in   2015  . Adjusted operating net income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $35.1 million   (Non-GAAP), adjusted primarily for   $4.2 million   of FHLBB prepayment penalties, reorganization expenses and merger-related non-interest expenses,   $2.2 million   net impact of the amortization and accretion of the fair value adjustments on acquired loans, deposits and borrowings as a result of the Merger and   $1.9 million   net gains on sales of securities and BOLI death benefit gains. Adjusted operating net income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was   $32.9 million    

52 

Table of Contents  

(Non-GAAP), adjusted for   $1.2 million   of merger-related non-interest expenses,   $11.0 million   net impact of the amortization and accretion of the fair value adjustments on acquired loans, deposits, and borrowings as a result of the merger and   $639,000   net gains on sales of securities. The Company is presenting adjusted operating net income as management believes it gives a more in-depth picture of the results for the period and will benefit investors in their understanding of the Company.  For the    three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   adjustments to adjusted operating net income are on made a pre-tax basis.  
  Net interest income   increased     $1.4 million   and   $4.0 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015   due to balance sheet growth which was mostly comprised of strong loan originations and, to a lesser extent, loan portfolio purchases. The Company intends to increase the level of owner-occupied commercial real estate while decreasing the level of investor commercial real estate to generate more favorable risk-adjusted returns and protect the net interest margin in a flat interest rate environment. Total interest and dividend income   increased     $3.7 million   and   $11.9 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015  . These increases were partially offset by increases in interest expense of   $2.3 million   and   $7.9 million   compared to the same periods in   2015  . The Company s tax-equivalent net interest margin for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   2.98%   and   3.00%  , a   decrease   of   22   and   28   basis points, respectively, over the same period in   2015  . Excluding the   $383,000   and   $2.2 million   negative impact of the amortization and accretion of the fair value adjustments on loans, deposits and borrowings as a result of the Merger, the operating net interest margin for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   2.96%   and   2.95%  , respectively. The general year-over-year trends impacting the margin include decreased yields on loans due to the low interest rate environment and the reduced benefit of purchase accounting accretion. 
  Non-interest income   increased     $71,000   to   $7.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $7.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . The increase primarily due to the Company recording lower impairment charges on its partnership investments, other income and gains on sales of securities compared to last year. Non-interest income   decreased     $2.9 million   to   $21.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $24.0 million   for the same period in 2015. Income from mortgage banking activities   decreased     $2.2 million   inclusive of gains on sale of loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in 2015.  
  Non-interest expense   increased     $360,000   and   $7.8 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  . The largest increases in non-interest expense for the nine month period were in FHLBB prepayment penalties and salaries and employee benefits. FHLBB prepayment penalties increased as a result of the first quarter 2016 investment portfolio optimization strategy which allowed the Company to pay off higher costing FHLBB advances. The increase in salaries and benefits is due to severance payments of $1.4 million resulting from an organizational realignment to improve operational efficiency  and additional managerial staff in areas targeted for growth. These changes will result in approximately $3.0 million of pre-tax cost savings annually from the budgeted full year 2016 run rate. The increases in FHLBB prepayment penalties and salaries and employee benefits were partially offset by a decrease in professional fees due to the engagement of consulting services to assist in realignment of the Company s information technology infrastructure. 
   The asset quality of our loan portfolio has remained strong. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the allowance for loan losses to total loans ratio was   0.87%   and   0.73%  , and the allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans ratio was   123.26%   and   89.64%  , respectively. The ratio of non-performing loans to total loans was   0.71%   and   0.82%   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Acquired loans are recorded at fair value with no carryover of the allowance for loan losses. A provision for loan losses of   $3.8 million   and   $10.1 million    was recorded for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $3.3 million   and   $9.2 million   for the same prior year periods, reflecting growth in our covered loan portfolio, the ongoing assessment of asset quality measures including the estimated exposure on impaired loans and organic loan growth. 

53 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents selected financial data and ratios: 

(1) 
    The efficiency ratio represents the ratio of non-interest expense before other real estate owned expense and amortization of intangibles, as a percent of net interest income (fully taxable equivalent) and non-interest income, excluding gains from securities transactions, losses on partnerships and other nonrecurring items. 
      
  Average Balances, Interest, Average Yields\Cost and Rate\Volume Analysis 
  The tables below sets forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated. A tax-equivalent yield adjustment was made for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  . All average balances are daily average balances. Loans held for sale and non-accrual loans are included in the computation of interest-earning average balances, with non-accrual loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth above include the effect of deferred costs, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense. 

54 

Table of Contents  

Average Balance Sheets for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

(1) 
    Total loans includes loans held for sale and nonperforming loans. 
              (2) 
    Includes mortgagors  and investors  escrow accounts. 
              (3) 
    Tax-equivalent net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 
              (4) 
    Net interest rate spread represents the difference between yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. 
              (5) 
    Tax-equivalent net interest rate margin represents tax-equivalent net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 

55 

Table of Contents  

Average Balance Sheets for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

(1) 
    Total loans includes loans held for sale and nonperforming loans. 
              (2) 
    Includes mortgagors  and investors  escrow accounts. 
              (3) 
    Tax-equivalent net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 
              (4) 
    Net interest rate spread represents the difference between yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. 

56 

Table of Contents  

(5) 
    Tax-equivalent net interest rate margin represents tax-equivalent net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
     Rate\Volume Analysis 
  The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The net column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to changes in both rate and volume that cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

(1) 
    Includes FHLBB stock 
      
  Comparison of Operating Results for the   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  The following discussion provides a summary and comparison of the Company s operating results for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  . 
   
  Net Interest Income    
  Net interest income is the amount that interest and fees on earning assets (loans and investments) exceeds the cost of funds, interest paid to the Company s depositors and interest on external borrowings. Net interest margin is the difference between the income on earning assets and the cost of interest-bearing funds as a percentage of average earning assets. Growth in net interest income has resulted from growth in interest-earning assets and liabilities, primarily reflecting organic loan growth and portfolio purchases. 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , tax-equivalent net interest income   increased     $2.0 million   from the comparative   2015   period. This was mainly due to the significant increase in average earning assets of   $652.2 million   and an increase of   $577.9 million   in interest-bearing liabilities due to loan growth which was primarily funded by borrowings and deposits. The increase in interest and dividends of   $4.3 million   was partially offset by the increase in interest expense of   $2.3 million  . The net interest margin   decreased     22   basis points, the yield on average earnings assets   decreased     12   basis points and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities   increased     10   basis points from the same period in 2015. 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , tax-equivalent net interest income   increased     $5.5 million   from the comparative   2015   period. This was mainly due to the significant increase in average earning assets of   $729.7 million   and an increase of   $657.0 million   in interest-bearing liabilities due to loan growth which was primarily funded by borrowings and deposits. In addition, there  

57 

Table of Contents  

was a benefit of   $2.2 million   recognized during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   in net interest income related to fair value adjustments as a result of purchase accounting adjustments compared to   $11.0 million   for the same period in 2015. The increase in interest and dividends of   $13.4 million   was partially offset by the increase in interest expense of   $7.9 million  . The net interest margin   decreased     28   basis points, the yield on average earnings assets   decreased     18   basis points and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities   increased     12   basis points from the same period in   2015  . 
  Excluding the benefit of the purchase accounting adjustments, the net interest margin and the yield on average earning assets would have increased seven basis points and 12 basis points, respectively, and the cost of interest of interest-bearing liabilities would have increased five basis points compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding the benefit of the purchase accounting adjustments, the net interest margin and the yield on average earning assets would have declined four basis points and increased one basis point, respectively, and the cost of interest of interest-bearing liabilities would have increased five basis points compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Primarily reflecting loan growth and portfolio purchases, the average balance of total loans for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $4.81 billion   and   $4.72 billion  , and had an average yield of   3.80%   and   3.84%  , respectively. On an adjusted operating basis, the average yield on total loans was   3.84%   and   3.85%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The largest increases in the average balances for loans were recorded in commercial real estate loans and other consumer loans. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the average balance of commercial real estate loans totaled   $2.08 billion   and   $2.04 billion  , an increase of   $261.5 million   and   $325.4 million   from the prior year periods, respectively. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the average balance of other consumer loans totaled   $209.3 million   and   $218.8 million  , an increase of   $205.0 million   and   $213.6 million  , respectively, from the prior year period primarily reflecting portfolio purchases that occurred late in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first nine months of 2016. 
  The average balance of investment securities   increased     $6.1 million   and   $12.2 million  , respectively, and the average yield earned on these securities increased   eight   and   nine   basis points, respectively, for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  . The increase is largely reflective of continued maintenance of the Company s barbell management strategy coupled with higher market values given lower rates. Bond purchases have focused on reinvesting some runoff cash flows, managing overall investment portfolio duration and maintaining diversification to the portfolio holdings of corporate, collateralized loan obligations and municipal sleeves.  
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in 2015, the average balance of total interest-bearing deposits   increased     $214.2 million   and   $298.5 million  , respectively, while the average cost   increased     seven   basis for both periods, respectively. FHLBB advances   increased     $390.7 million   and   $389.8 million   while the average cost   increased     24   basis points and   36   basis points, respectively. Average other borrowings   decreased     $27.0 million   and   $31.3 million   while the average cost   increased     80   basis points and   84   basis points. These changes were primarily due to short-term interest rates being elevated in the quarter, growth in time deposits and the Company s continued focus to grow low cost deposits. Additionally, the increase in FHLBB advances was to fund new loan growth and loan portfolio purchases. 
  Net interest income is affected by changes in interest rates, loan and deposit pricing strategies, competitive conditions, the volume and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities as well as the level of non-performing assets.  The Company manages the risk of changes in interest rates on its net interest income through an Asset/Liability Management Committee and through related interest rate risk monitoring and management policies. 
   
  Provision for Loan Losses 
  The provision for loan losses is a charge to earnings in an amount sufficient to maintain the allowance for loan losses ( ALL ) at a level deemed adequate by the Company. The level of the allowance is a critical accounting estimate, which is subject to uncertainty. Acquired loans are recorded at fair value at the time of acquisition, with no carryover of the allowance for loan losses, and included adjustments for market interest rates and expected credit losses. Included within the ALL at   September 30, 2016   are reserves for acquired loans in accordance with Bank policies and confirmation of expected losses. 
  Management evaluates the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis. The adequacy of the loan loss allowance is based on such interrelated factors as the composition of the loan portfolio and its inherent risk characteristics, the level of non-performing loans and charge-offs, both current and historic, local economic and credit conditions, the direction of real estate values, and regulatory guidelines. The provision is charged against earnings in order to maintain an allowance for loan losses that reflects management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. 
  Management recorded a provision for loan losses of   $3.8 million   and   $10.1 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $3.3 million   and   $9.2 million   for the same periods of   2015  , respectively. The primary factors that influenced management s decision to record these provisions were organic growth during the period, migration to covered loans, the on-going assessment of estimated exposure on impaired loans, level of delinquencies, and general economic conditions. Impaired loans totaled   $52.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $56.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  , a decrease of    $4.2  

58 

Table of Contents  

million  , or   7.5%  , reflecting a decrease in investor CRE nonaccrual loans of $4.8 million and a decrease in commercial business nonaccrual loans of $1.9 million. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in total troubled debt restructured ( TDR ) loans of $1.7 million. At   September 30, 2016  , the allowance for loan losses totaled   $41.1 million  , representing   0.87%   of total loans and   123.26%   of non-performing loans compared to an allowance for loan losses of   $33.9 million  , which represented   0.73%   of total loans and   89.64%   of non-performing loans as of   December 31, 2015  . As loans move from those covered by purchase accounting into the covered portfolio, the ALL is anticipated to increase as a percentage of total loans. There is no carryover of the allowance for loan losses on acquired loans. The repayment of impaired loans is largely dependent upon the sale and value of collateral that may be impacted by current real estate conditions. 
   
  Non-interest Income 
  Total non-interest income was   $7.9 million   and   $21.1 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , with non-interest income representing   15.5%   and   14.2%   of total revenues, respectively. The following is a summary of non-interest income by major category for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

Service Charges and Fees:   Service charges and fees were   $5.7 million   and   $14.7 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,     decreases of   $234,000   and   $755,000   from the comparable   2015   periods. The most significant decreases were recorded in loan swap fee income, partially offset by increases in (a) revenue generated by the Company s investment advisory subsidiary, United Northeast Financial Advisors, Inc. ( UNFA ) and (b) deposit and service charges for various accounts. 
   The decreases     in loan swap fee income were a direct result of lower transactional volumes. Loan swap fee income is generated as part of the Company s loan level hedge program that is offered to certain commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. However, we do not anticipate that the loan level hedge program will be as meaningful a contributor to non-interest income in 2016 as it was in 2015. The increased revenue generated by UNFA is due to several factors.  The Company has successfully acquired proven talent with deep local relationships as well as installing Series 6 representatives in select branches which work alongside our retail employees to ensure a cohesive sales approach to meeting the financial needs of our customers. Additionally, the Company has shifted focus to assets under management (AUM) for ongoing revenue versus a transactional approach; the result should be more recurring fee revenue driven by increasing AUM versus one-time fees generated by transactions. The deposit fee increases are related to a project undertaken by the Company focused on increasing profitability by implementing a deposit fee structure that is more in line with our competition based on a detailed study. As a result, starting with July 2016, the Company recorded revenue increases in those areas of service charges and fees targeted by the project.     
  Gains on Sales of Securities, Net  : For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded   $48,000   and   $1.9 million   in net gains on security sales compared to a   $59,000   net loss and   $639,000   in net gains in the prior year, respectively.  
  The Company recorded a minimal gain of $48,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to odd lot cleanup sales targeted at making the portfolio more efficient to manage from an operational perspective and the sale of certain municipal securities. The gains recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are a result of an optimization strategy of our investment portfolio in which we took advantage of the shape of the yield curve, selling shorter-term securities, reducing concentration in oil dependent securities and adding longer duration investments in the portfolio to optimize income as well as reducing higher-cost borrowings and improving portfolio efficiency. The Company incurred $1.5 million in prepayment penalty expense from the extinguishment of FHLBB debt as part of the optimization strategy which is recorded as a separate line item in non-interest expense. 
  Income From Mortgage Banking Activities:   The Company recorded decreases of   $59,000   and   $2.2 million   in income from mortgage banking activities for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  .  

59 

Table of Contents  

The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by losses on derivative loan commitments and mortgage pair off fees/costs due to market conditions. These decreases were partially offset by increases in the fair value recognized in net income for mortgage servicing rights due to an increase on long-term rates, and the increase in value of forward loan sales contracts due to market interest rate changes.  
  The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to mortgage pair off fees/costs, a decrease in the fair value recognized in net income for mortgage serving rights due to a decline on long-term interest rates and losses on forward loan sales contracts driven by interest rate changes. Those decreases were partially offset by an increase on loan servicing income driven by gains from greater number of serviced loans.  
  BOLI Income:   For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded BOLI income of   $899,000   and   $2.5 million   compared to   $893,000   and   $2.6 million   in the same periods in   2015  , an increase of   $6,000   and a decrease of   $26,000  , respectively. The results for both the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016 are mainly due to changes in the average yield earned on the BOLI policies as a result of current market interest rates. Additionally, both periods benefited from the receipt of a death benefit settlement for $70,000 related to the passing of a former director. 
  Net loss on limited partnership investments:   The Company has investments in low income housing tax credit, new markets housing tax credit and alternative energy tax credit partnerships. In March 2016, the Company invested an additional $12.7 million in an alternative energy tax credit partnerships.  
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded net losses of   $850,000   and   $3.3 million   on limited partnership investments, compared to net losses of   $991,000   and   $2.3 million   for corresponding periods. In conjunction with the losses realized on the tax credit partnerships, the Company recorded an offsetting benefit of $2.6 million and $7.9 million as reflected in the tax provision for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .   
  Other Income:    The Company recorded an increase in other income of $110,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. 
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 the $110,000 increase in other income was primarily due to an increase in the credit value adjustments on borrower facing loan level hedges, partially offset by a loss recorded on sale of a bank owned branch property.  
  The Company recorded a decrease in other income of $141,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period. The decrease is mainly due to a decline in the credit value adjustment on borrower facing loan level hedges. 
   
  Non-interest Expense 
  Non-interest expense   increased     $360,000   to   $32.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   $7.8 million   to   $100.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , annualized non-interest expense represented   2.00%   and   2.22%   of average assets, while annualized non-interest expense represented   2.11%   and   2.21%   of average assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The following table summarizes non-interest expense for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

60 

Table of Contents  

Salaries and Employee Benefits  : Salaries and employee benefits was   $18.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.3 million   from the comparable   2015   period. Salaries and employee benefits was   $56.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $5.9 million   from the comparable   2015   period.  
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in salaries and benefits was driven by (a) an increase in salaries driven by additional managerial staff in areas targeted for growth (b) an increase in temporary help to maintain compensation flexibility while responding to growth requirements and (c) an increase in restricted stock expense related to the implementation of a new shareholder approved restricted stock plan. These increases were partially offset by increases in deferred expenses from originating loans. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in salaries and benefits of $5.9 million was attributable to the same items discussed above in the three month period as well as to (a) an increase in salaries due to severance payments of $1.4 million resulting from an organizational realignment to improve operational efficiency and (b) an increase in FICA related to higher salary expenses. These increases were also partially offset by increases in deferred expenses from loan originations and a decrease in bonuses. 
  Service Bureau Fees  : Service bureau fees increased   $132,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , and   $1.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  . The increases for both the three and nine months were largely driven by the expiration of a service credit from the Company s core operating system provider, increased expenses from that service provider, and implementation of Europay, MasterCard and Visa ( EMV ) chip-enabled credit cards to mitigate potential fraud exposure to the Company s credit and debit card users.  
  Occupancy and Equipment  : For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded $3.6 million in occupancy and equipment expense, an increase of $237,000 from the prior year period primarily due to fees incurred for the outsourcing of property management services, an increase in property taxes and amortization of computer software associated with various projects. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in rent expense related to a change in the estimate for deferred rent resulting from the Company s efforts to control expenses over the branch network.  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the $270,000 decrease in occupancy and equipment expense was impacted by a decrease in real estate taxes and utility expenses as the Company closed five branches in the second quarter of 2015 and the same items discussed in the three month period. Finally, expenses for maintenance contracts decreased due to less snow removal costs in the first quarter of 2016 as well as the successful negotiation to reduce a contract termination fee that was recorded in the prior period.  
  Professional fees  : Professional fees decreased $456,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $387,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. The decreases for both the three and nine months were largely driven by prior year s expenses related to engagement of consulting services assisting in realignment of the Company s information technology infrastructure to keep our products and services competitive. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in outsourced internal audit expenses.  
  Marketing and Promotions  : Marketing and promotion expense was   $656,000   and   $587,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, an increase of   $69,000  .  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   marketing and promotions increased $428,000 to $2.3 million from the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to expenses related to a television and radio branding campaign that was run through the second quarter of 2016, as well as increased digital advertising expenses, which were partially offset by a decrease in newspaper advertising expenses.   
  FDIC Insurance Assessments:   The expense for FDIC insurance assessments   increased     $69,000   to   $819,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   2015   period, while the expense increased   $149,000   to   $2.8 million  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period. These increases are primarily attributable to a higher assessment base used in the assessment calculation due to loan growth, which was partially offset by a decrease in the assessment rate and the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund reserve ratio exceeding established benchmarks.  
  Core Deposit Intangible Amortization  : The $48,000 and $144,000 decrease in core deposit intangible amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, is directly attributable to the amortization method used by the Company. The Company is amortizing the original core deposit intangible of $10.6 million over 10 years using the sum-of-the-years-digits method. 
  FHLBB Prepayment Penalties  : For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , there were no FHLBB prepayment penalties recorded by the Company. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , FHLBB prepayment penalties recorded by the Company were   $1.5 million  . There were no prepayment penalties in the same periods in   2015  . As part of the Company s investment portfolio optimization strategy implemented in the first quarter of 2016, the Company sold investment securities and recorded gains of $1.5 million and prepaid FHLBB advances with prepayment penalties amounting to $1.5 million. 

61 

Table of Contents  

Other Expenses  : For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , other expenses recorded by the Company were   $5.4 million   and   $16.4 million  , a decrease of   $950,000   and   $489,000   from the comparable   2015   periods, respectively. Both the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 were primarily impacted by decreases in (a) loan swap fees as the Company entered into fewer swaps in 2016; (b) mortgage loan servicing fees; and (c) debit card losses as the measures put in place by the Company have helped combat debit card related fraud. Increases during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the 2015 periods include (a) computer software expenses reflecting multiple efficiency projects, (b) the provision for off-balance sheet assets relating to an increase in total commitments, (c) increased expenses for sales and use taxes associated with a state tax audit and (d) human resources on boarding expenses related to new hires in areas targeted for growth. 
   
  Income Tax Provision 
  The provision for income taxes was   $757,000   and   $952,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   was   5.1%   and   6.6%  , respectively. The provision for income taxes was   $3.2 million   and   $6.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   was   8.4%   and   13.2%  , respectively. The decrease in the tax expense and the effective tax rate over the prior year periods is primarily due to an additional alternative energy tax credit investment in the first quarter of 2016 and lower pre-tax income as compared to the prior year period. The effective tax rates for   September 30, 2016   and   2015   differ from combined statutory rates as a result of favorable permanent differences for tax-exempt income, BOLI, and investment tax credits, as well as reduced state tax expense due to tax planning strategies that have been implemented.  
  The Company continually monitors and evaluates the potential impact of current events and circumstances on the estimates used in the analysis of its income tax positions, and accordingly, the Company s effective tax rate may fluctuate in the future. The Company evaluates its income tax positions based on tax laws and appropriate regulations and financial reporting considerations, and records adjustments as appropriate. This evaluation takes into consideration the status of current taxing authorities  examinations of the Company s tax returns and recent positions taken by the taxing authorities on similar transactions, if any. Accordingly, the results of these examinations may alter the timing or amount of taxable income or deductions taken by the Company.  
   
  Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Summary 
  The Company had total assets of   $6.54 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   $6.23 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , an increase of   $316.3 million  , or   5.1%  , primarily due to the increase in net loans of   $102.8 million  , or   2.2%  , an increase in loans held for sale of   $73.2 million   and an increase in other assets of   $24.8 million  , which is mainly due to increases in the loan level hedge derivative asset and a new partnership agreement that the Company entered into the first quarter of 2016. The Company utilized deposit growth to fund the growth in loans and securities. 
  Total net loans of   $4.69 billion  , with allowance for loan losses of   $41.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  , increased   $102.8 million  , or   2.2%  , when compared to total net loans of   $4.59 billion  , with allowance for loan losses of   $33.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in loans is due to both organic loan growth and the purchased loan portfolios. Net loans increased primarily due to growth in owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans and home equity lines of credit, partially offset by decreases in commercial construction and other consumer balances. Residential mortgages also declined, reflecting the Company's strategy to reduce on-balance sheet exposure to residential mortgage loans.  

62 

Table of Contents  

Total deposits of   $4.70 billion   at   September 30, 2016   increased   $258.4 million  , or   5.8%  , when compared to total deposits of   $4.44 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in deposits is mainly due to growth in demand accounts, NOW accounts, and certificates of deposit, offset by a decrease in money market deposits, and is reflective of the Company s strategy to manage the cost of interest bearing deposits. The Bank s net loan-to-deposit ratio was   99.9%   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   103.4%   at   December 31, 2015  .  
  At   September 30, 2016  , total equity of   $656.2 million   increased   $30.7 million   when compared to total equity of   $625.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The change in equity for the period ended   September 30, 2016   consisted primarily of year to date net income, partially offset by dividends paid to common shareholders, as well as an increase due to the change in market value on available-for-sale securities, which was partially offset by a decrease in the fair value of the cash flow hedge. At   September 30, 2016  , the tangible common equity ratio was   8.32%   compared to   8.23%   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  See Note 9,  Regulatory Matters  in Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for information on the Bank and the Company s regulatory capital levels and ratios. 
   
  Securities 
  The Company maintains a securities portfolio that is primarily structured to generate interest income, manage interest-rate sensitivity, and provide a source of liquidity for operating needs. The securities portfolio is managed in accordance with regulatory guidelines and established internal corporate investment policies. 
  The following table sets forth information regarding the amortized cost and fair value of the Company s investment portfolio at the dates indicated: 
  Securities 

63 

Table of Contents  

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the available-for-sale securities portfolio   decreased     $6.7 million   to   $1.05 billion  , representing   16.1%   of total assets at   September 30, 2016  , from   $1.06 billion   and   17.0%   of total assets at   December 31, 2015  . The increase is largely reflective of continued maintenance of the Company s barbell management strategy, with bond purchases focused on maintaining investment portfolio duration while also adding diversification to the portfolio holdings of corporate and municipal sleeves. Portfolio activity during the first half of the year primarily stemmed from a bond repositioning into slightly longer agency mortgage securities in order to obtain better duration adjusted returns, reducing exposure to municipalities that rely on the oil sector, and certain repositioning for better credit risk adjusted returns in the corporate and municipal sleeves. 
  Accounting guidance requires the Company to designate its securities as held to maturity, available for sale, or trading depending on the Company s intent regarding its investments at the time of purchase. The Company does not currently maintain a portfolio of trading securities. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $1.05 billion  , or   98.7%   of the portfolio, was classified as available for sale, and   $14.2 million   of the portfolio was classified as held to maturity.  
  The Company held   $136.2 million   in securities that are in an unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016  ;   $55.6 million   of this total had been in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months with the remaining   $80.6 million   in an unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer. These securities were evaluated by management and were determined not to be other-than-temporarily impaired. The Company does not have the intent to sell these securities, and it is more-likely-than-not that it will not have to sell the securities before the recovery of their cost basis. To the extent that changes in interest rates, credit spread movements and other factors that influence the fair value of securities continue, the Company may be required to record additional impairment charges for other-than-temporary impairment in future periods. For additional information on the securities portfolio, see Note 3,  Securities  in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report. 
  The Company monitors investment exposures continually, performs credit assessments based on market data available at the time of purchase, and performs ongoing credit due diligence for all collateralized loan obligations, corporate exposures, and municipal securities.  The Company s investment portfolio is regularly monitored for performance enhancements and interest rate risk profiles, with dynamic strategies implemented accordingly. 
  The Company has the ability to use the investment portfolio, as well as interest-rate financial instruments within internal policy guidelines, to hedge and manage interest-rate risk as part of its asset/liability strategy. See Note 7,  Derivatives and Hedging Activities,  in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for additional information concerning derivative financial instruments. 
   
  Lending Activities 
  The table below displays the balances of the Company s loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

64 

Table of Contents  

Loan Portfolio Analysis 

As shown above, gross loans were   $4.72 billion  , an   increase   of   $106.8 million  , or   2.3%  , at   September 30, 2016   from   December 31, 2015  .  
  Total commercial real estate loans represent the largest segment of our loan portfolio at   46.3%   of total loans and   increased     $60.0 million  , or   2.8%  , to   $2.19 billion   from   December 31, 2015  , reflecting increased production from the Company s expanded commercial banking division. The commercial real estate loan portfolio is comprised of owner-occupied commercial real estate ( OOCRE ) and investor non-owner occupied commercial real estate ( Investor CRE ) and to a lesser extent commercial construction. Investor CRE represents the largest segment of the Company s loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016  , comprising   36.1%   of total loans and OOCRE represents   8.3%   of the portfolio. The Company plans to continue to increase the level of OOCRE while decreasing the level of Investor CRE to generate more favorable risk-adjusted returns and enhance net interest margin. Commercial real estate construction loans are made for developing commercial real estate properties such as office complexes, apartment buildings and residential subdivisions.  Commercial real estate construction loans totaled   $90.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  , approximately $37.2 million of which is residential use and $53.2 million is commercial use, compared to total commercial real estate construction loans of   $129.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  , $44.5 million of which was residential use and $85.4 million was commercial use. 
  Commercial business loans   increased   to   $660.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $603.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The commercial division continues to experience momentum in origination activity and has a strong loan pipeline. Mid-sized businesses continue to look to community banks for relationship banking and personalized lending services. 
  Residential real estate continue to represent a major segment of the Company s loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016  , comprising   23.9%   of total loans. The   decrease   of   $50.8 million   from   December 31, 2015   reflects the Company s strategy to reduce the level of residential mortgages on the balance sheet. The Company had originations of both adjustable and fixed rate mortgages of $471.0 million during the first   nine   months of 2016, reflecting both refinancing activity and loans for new home purchases. The Company opportunistically sells a majority of its originated fixed rate residential real estate loans with terms of 15 to 30 years.  
   Residential real estate construction loans are made to individuals for home construction whereby the borrower owns the parcel of land and the funds are advanced in stages until completion. Residential real estate construction loans totaled   $52.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $41.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  The Company also offers home equity loans and home equity lines of credit ( HELOCs ), both of which are secured by owner-occupied one-to-four family residences. At   September 30, 2016   the home equity portfolio totaled   $479.4 million   compared to  

65 

Table of Contents  

$431.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Home equity loans are offered with fixed rates of interest and with terms up to 15 years. During the nine months ended September 2016 and the month of December 2015, the Company purchased HELOC portfolios totaling $75.7 million and $100.4 million, respectively. The total balance of the HELOC purchased portfolios outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was $148.1 million and $98.6 million, respectively. These loans are not serviced by the Company. The purchased HELOC portfolios are secured by second liens. The Company plans to continue purchasing HELOCs throughout 2016.   
  Other consumer loans totaled   $213.8 million  , or   4.5%  , of our total loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016  . Other consumer loans generally consist of loans on retail boats, HUD Title I loans, new and used automobiles, including indirect automobile loans, loans collateralized by deposit accounts and unsecured personal loans. During December 2015, the Company purchased two consumer loan portfolios totaling $229.2 million and consisted of marine retail loans and Title 1 home improvement loans. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , $182.1 million and $224.8 million was outstanding, respectively. The marine retail loans are based on premium brands. The Title I home improvement loans are 90% backed by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and consist of loans to install energy efficient upgrades to the borrowers  one-to-four family residences. The Company s plan seeks to increase the level of consumer loans throughout 2016, given these loan types have favorable rate characteristics that will positively impact the net interest margin. 
  The Company has employed specific parameters taking into account: geographical considerations; exposure hold levels; qualifying financial partners; and most importantly sound credit quality with strong metrics. A thorough independent analysis of the credit quality of each borrower is made for every transaction whether it is an assignment or participation. 
   
  Asset Quality  
  The Company s lending strategy focuses on direct relationship lending within its primary market area as the quality of assets underwritten is an important factor in the successful operation of a financial institution. Non-performing assets, loan delinquency and credit loss levels are considered to be key measures of asset quality. Management strives to maintain asset quality through its underwriting standards, servicing of loans and management of non-performing assets since asset quality is a key factor in the determination of the level of the allowance for loan losses ( ALL ). See Note 4,  Loans Receivable and Allowance for Loan Losses  contained elsewhere in this report for further information concerning the Allowance for Loan Losses. 
  The following table details asset quality ratios for the following periods: 
  Asset Quality Ratios 

(1) 
    Calculated based on year to date net charge-offs annualized 
     Non-performing Assets 
  Generally loans are placed on non-accrual if collection of principal or interest in full is in doubt, if the loan has been restructured as part of a TDR, or if any payment of principal or interest is past due 90 days or more. A loan may be returned to accrual status if it has demonstrated sustained contractual performance for six continuous months or if all principal and interest amounts contractually due are reasonably assured of repayment within a reasonable period. There are, on occasion, circumstances that cause commercial loans to be placed in the 90 days delinquent and accruing category, for example, loans that are considered to be well secured and in the process of collection or renewal. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , loans totaling   $458,000   and   $307,000  , respectively, were greater than 90 days past due and accruing. The loans reported as past due 90 days or more and still accruing represent loans that were evaluated by management and maintained on accrual status based on an evaluation of the borrower.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was one U.S. Government fully guaranteed loan reported as past due 90 days or more and still accruing in addition to accruing purchased credit impaired loans. 

66 

Table of Contents  

The following table details non-performing assets for the periods presented: 

As displayed in the table above, non-performing assets at   September 30, 2016     decreased   to   $36.1 million   compared to   $38.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  
  Non-accruing TDR loans   increased   by   $1.7 million   since   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to an increase of $662,000 for residential real estate and home equity TDR loans and an increase in commercial business TDRs of $771,000. The increase in the residential real estate and home equity categories reflects, in part, an increase in the number of home equity line of credit loans that have reached maturity and converted from interest only to principal and interest payments. Difficulty making these larger payments combined with a decline in home values related to these loans, is a driver of this increase. Home equity non-accrual loans   increased     $863,000   to   $3.6 million   at September 30, 2016. This increase is also due to the increasing number of maturing home equity lines of credit converting from interest only to principal and interest payments.  
  Residential real estate non-accrual loans   increased     $334,000   to   $11.5 million   at September 30, 2016. The Company continues to originate loans with strong credit characteristics and routinely updates non-performing loans in terms of FICO scores and LTV ratios. Through continued heightened account monitoring, collections and workout efforts, the Bank is committed to mortgage solution programs designed to assist homeowners to remain in their homes. As has been its practice historically, the Company does not originate subprime loans.  
  Other consumer non-accrual loans   increased   to   $328,000   at September 30, 2016. The increase represents one marine loan which evidenced payments due in excess of 90 days and resulted in the loan being classified as non-accrual. 
  At September 30, 2016, commercial real estate non-accrual loans   decreased     $4.9 million   and commercial business non-accrual loans   decreased     $1.9 million  . The increase in commercial TDRs was driven by several smaller commercial business and commercial real estate loans restructured during the first nine months of the year.  
  Non-accrual construction loans   decreased     $929,000  , primarily reflecting 12 commercial relationships totaling   $1.9 million  , of which all relates to construction for residential subdivisions. At December 31, 2015 nonaccrual construction loans consisted of 14 commercial relationships and totaled   $2.8 million  .  
  Troubled Debt Restructuring 
  Loans are considered restructured in a troubled debt restructuring when the Company has granted concessions to a borrower due to the borrower s financial condition that it otherwise would not have considered. These concessions include modifications of the terms of the debt such as reduction of the stated interest rate other than normal market rate adjustments, extension of maturity dates, or reduction of principal balance or accrued interest. The decision to restructure a loan, versus aggressively enforcing the collection of the loan, may benefit the Company by increasing the ultimate probability of collection. 
  TDR loans are classified as accruing or non-accruing based on management s assessment of the collectability of the loan. Loans which are already on non-accrual status at the time of the restructuring generally remain on non-accrual status for a minimum of six months before management considers such loans for return to accruing TDR status. Accruing restructured loans are placed into  

67 

Table of Contents  

non-accrual status if and when the borrower fails to comply with the restructured terms and management deems it unlikely that the borrower will return to a status of compliance in the near term  .   Once a loan is classified as a TDR it retains that classification for the life of the loan; however, some TDRs may demonstrate acceptable performance allowing the TDR loan to be placed on accruing TDR status. The increase in TDRs is primarily attributable to the addition of larger commercial loans along with increases in residential and home equity TDRs during the period ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  The following table provides detail of TDR balances for the periods presented: 

The following table provides detail of TDR activity for the periods presented: 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded credit commitments are maintained at a level estimated by management to provide for probable losses inherent within the loan portfolio. Probable losses are estimated based upon a quarterly review of the loan portfolio, which includes historic default and loss experience, specific problem loans, risk rating profile, economic conditions and other pertinent factors which, in management s judgment, warrant current recognition in the loss estimation process. The Company s Risk Management Committee meets quarterly to review and conclude on the adequacy of the reserves and to present their recommendation to executive management and the Board of Directors. 
  Management considers the adequacy of the ALL a critical accounting estimate. The adequacy of the ALL is subject to considerable assumptions and judgment used in its determination. Therefore, actual losses could differ materially from management s estimate if actual conditions differ significantly from the assumptions utilized. These conditions include economic  
  factors in the Company s market and nationally, industry trends and concentrations, real estate values and trends, and the financial condition and performance of individual borrowers. While management believes the ALL is adequate as of   September 30, 2016  , actual results may prove different and the differences could be significant. 
  The Company s general practice is to identify problem credits early and recognize full or partial charge-offs as promptly as practicable when it is determined that the collection of loan principal is unlikely. The Company recognized full or partial charge-offs on collateral dependent impaired loans when the collateral is deemed to be insufficient to support the carrying value of the loan. The Company does not recognize a recovery when an updated appraisal indicates a subsequent increase in value. 
  The Company had a loan loss allowance of   $41.1 million  , or   0.87%  , of total loans at   September 30, 2016   as compared to a loan loss allowance of   $33.9 million  , or   0.73%  , of total loans at   December 31, 2015  .  Management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate and consistent with asset quality indicators and that it represents the best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
  The unallocated portion of the ALL represents general valuation allowances that are not allocated to a specific loan portfolio. The unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses and reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating allocated and general reserves in the portfolio. The unallocated portion of the ALL at   September 30, 2016   increased   $531,000   to   $1.3 million   compared to   December 31, 2015  . See Note 4,  Loans Receivable and Allowance for Loan Losses  in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for a table providing the activity in the Company s allowance for loan losses for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  . 
  In addition to the ALL, the Company maintains a reserve for unfunded credit commitments in other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. The allowance for credit losses analysis includes consideration of the risks associated with unfunded loan commitments. The reserve calculation includes factors that are consistent with ALL methodology for funded loans. The combination of ALL and unfunded reserves is calculated in a manner to capture the entirety of the underlying business relationship of the customer. The amounts of unfunded commitments and the associated reserves may be subject to fluctuations due to originations, the timing and volume of loan funding, as well as changes in risk ratings. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the reserve for unfunded credit commitments was $1.4 million and $1.2 million, respectively. 
   
  Sources of Funds 
  The primary source of the Company s cash flows, for use in lending and meeting its general operational needs, is deposits. Additional sources of funds are from FHLBB advances, reverse repurchase agreements, federal funds lines, loan and mortgage-backed securities repayments, securities sales proceeds and maturities, subordinated debt, and earnings. While scheduled loan and securities repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, loan and investment security prepayments and deposit inflows are influenced by prevailing interest rates and local economic conditions and are inherently uncertain. 
   
  Deposits 
  The Company offers a wide variety of deposit products to consumer, business and municipal customers. Deposit customers can access their accounts in a variety of ways including branch banking, ATM s, online banking, mobile banking and telephone banking. Effective advertising, direct mail, well-designed product offerings, customer service and competitive pricing policies have been successful in attracting and retaining deposits. A key strategic objective is to grow the base of checking customers by retaining existing relationships while attracting new customers. 
  Deposits provide an important source of funding for the Bank as well as an ongoing stream of fee revenue. The Company attempts to control the flow of funds in its deposit accounts according to its need for funds and the cost of alternative sources of funding. A Retail Pricing Committee meets weekly and a Management ALCO Committee meets monthly, to determine pricing and marketing initiatives. Actions of these committees influence the flow of funds primarily by the pricing of deposits, which is affected to a large extent by competitive factors in its market area and asset/liability management strategies. 

68 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents deposits by category as of the dates indicated: 

Deposits totaled   $4.70 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $258.4 million   compared to   December 31, 2015  . Core deposits   increased     $107.4 million  , or   4.0%  , from year end due to the Company s continued strategy to focus on obtaining low cost core deposits.  
  Time deposits included brokered certificate of deposits of $358.6 million and $392.0 million at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Company utilizes out-of-market brokered time deposits as part of its overall funding program along with other sources. Excluding out-of-market brokered certificates of deposits, in-market time deposits totaled $1.52 billion at   September 30, 2016  .  
   
  Borrowings 
  The Company also uses various types of short-term and long-term borrowings in meeting funding needs. While customer deposits remain the primary source for funding loan originations, management uses short-term and long-term borrowings as a supplementary funding source for loan growth and other liquidity needs when the cost of these funds are favorable compared to alternative funding, including deposits. 
  The following table presents borrowings by category as of the dates indicated: 

(1)  FHLBB advances include   $2.1 million   and   $3.5 million   of purchase accounting discounts at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  (2)  Subordinated debt includes $7.7 million of acquired junior subordinated debt, net of mark to market discounts of $2.1 million, and $75.0 million of Subordinated Notes, net of associated deferred costs of $1.0 million at   September 30, 2016   and $1.1 million at   December 31, 2015  . 
  United Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of twelve district Federal Home Loan Banks, each subject to the supervision and regulation of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Members are required to own capital stock in the FHLBB in order for the Bank to access advances and borrowings which are collateralized by certain home mortgages or securities of the U.S. Government and its agencies. The capital stock investment is restricted in that there is no market for it, and it can only be redeemed by the FHLBB. 
  Total FHLBB advances increased $29.9 million to   $975.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  , exclusive of the purchase accounting mark adjustment on the advances, compared to   $945.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  This increase occurred in order to fund loan growth. At   September 30, 2016  , $875.4 million of the Company s   $975.4 million   outstanding FHLBB advances were at fixed coupons ranging from 0.26% to 4.49%, with a weighted average cost of 0.93%. Additionally, the Company has two advances with the FHLBB totaling $75.0 million that are underlying hedge instruments; the interest is based on the three 3-month LIBOR and adjusts quarterly. The Company also has one Flipper advance with the FHLBB totaling $25.0 million, effective March 18, 2016,  

69 

Table of Contents  

with an initial interest rate of 0.05% per annum.  The advance reprices to 3-month LIBOR minus 60 basis points on a quarterly basis until March 2017, at which point the advance converts to a fixed rate of 1.62% and is callable on a quarterly basis. The average cost of funds including these adjustable advances is   0.91%  . FHLBB borrowings represented   14.9%   and   15.2%   of assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Borrowings under reverse purchase agreements totaled   $20.0 million   at    September 30, 2016  , a   decrease   of    $25.0 million   from   December 31, 2015  . The outstanding borrowings consisted of   two   individual agreements with remaining terms of three years or less and a weighted-average cost of   2.59%  .  Retail repurchase agreements, which have a term of one day and are backed by the purchasers  interest in certain U.S. Government or government-sponsored securities, totaled   $21.4 million   and   $19.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Subordinated debentures totaled $  79.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $79.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Liquidity is the ability to meet cash needs at all times with available cash or by conversion of other assets to cash at a reasonable price and in a timely manner. The Company maintains liquid assets at levels the Company considers adequate to meet its liquidity needs. The Company adjusts its liquidity levels to fund loan commitments, repay its borrowings, fund deposit outflows, pay escrow obligations on all items in the loan portfolio and to fund operations. The Company also adjusts liquidity as appropriate to meet asset and liability management objectives. 
  The Company s primary sources of liquidity are deposits, amortization and prepayment of loans, the sale in the secondary market of loans held for sale, maturities and sales of investment securities and other short-term investments, periodic pay downs of mortgage-backed securities, and earnings and funds provided from operations. While scheduled principal repayments on loans are a relatively predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and rates offered by our competition. The Company sets the interest rates on our deposits to maintain a desired level of total deposits. In addition, the Company invests excess funds in short-term interest-earning assets, which provide liquidity to meet lending requirements. 
  A portion of the Company s liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents, which are a product of our operating, investing and financing activities. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $214.2 million   of the Company s assets were held in cash and cash equivalents compared to   $95.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The Company s primary sources of cash are principal repayments on loans, proceeds from the calls and maturities of investment securities, increases in deposit accounts, proceeds from residential loan sales and advances from the FHLBB. 
  Liquidity management is both a daily and longer-term function of business management. If the Company requires funds beyond its ability to generate them internally, borrowing agreements exist with the FHLBB, which provide an additional source of funds. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $975.4 million   in advances from the FHLBB and an additional available borrowing limit of   $408.5 million   based on collateral requirements of the FHLBB inclusive of the line of credit. In addition, the Bank has relationships with brokered sweep deposit providers with outstanding balances of   $223.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  . Internal policies limit wholesale borrowings to 40% of total assets, or   $2.62 billion  , at   September 30, 2016  . In addition, the Company has uncommitted federal funds line of credit with   four   counterparties totaling   $107.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  . No federal funds purchased were outstanding at   September 30, 2016  . 
  The Company has established access to the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston s discount window through a borrower in custody agreement. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had pledged 27 commercial loans, with outstanding balances totaling $195.8 million. Based on the amount of pledged collateral, the Bank had available liquidity of $149.6 million. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had outstanding commitments to originate loans of   $256.6 million   and unfunded commitments under construction loans, lines of credit, stand-by letters of credit, unused checking overdraft lines of credit, and unused credit card lines of   $818.6 million  . At   September 30, 2016  , time deposits scheduled to mature in less than one year totaled $0.00 billion. Based on prior experience, management believes that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with the Company, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case. In the event a significant portion of its deposits are not retained by the Company, it will have to utilize other funding sources, such as FHLBB advances in order to maintain its level of assets. Alternatively, we would reduce our level of liquid assets, such as our cash and cash equivalents in order to meet funding needs. In addition, the cost of such deposits may be significantly higher if market interest rates are higher or there is an increased amount of competition for deposits in our market area at the time of renewal. 
  The main sources of liquidity at the parent company level are dividends from United Bank and proceeds received from the Company s issuance of $75.0 million of subordinated notes in September 2014. The main uses of liquidity are payments of dividends to common stockholders, repurchase of United Financial s common stock, payment of subordinated note interest, and corporate operating expenses. There are certain restrictions on the payment of dividends. See Note 18,  Regulatory Matters  in the Company s  

70 

Table of Contents  

2015 Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for further information on dividend restrictions. 
  The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company and the Bank are categorized as  well-capitalized  under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. See Note 9,  Regulatory Matters  in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for discussion of capital requirements. 
  The liquidity position of the Company is continuously monitored and adjustments are made to balance between sources and uses of funds as deemed appropriate. Management is not aware of any events that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity, capital resources or operations. In addition, management is not aware of any regulatory recommendations regarding liquidity, which if implemented would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company has a detailed liquidity contingency plan which is designed to respond to liquidity concerns in a prompt and comprehensive manner. It is designed to provide early detection of potential problems and details specific actions required to address liquidity stress scenarios. 
   
                 Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

General:   The majority of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. Consequently, our most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk. Our assets, consisting primarily of mortgage loans, in general have longer contractual maturities than our liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits. As a result, a principal part of our business strategy is to manage interest rate risk and reduce the exposure of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. Accordingly, our Board of Directors has established a Risk Committee which is responsible for evaluating the interest rate risk inherent in our assets and liabilities, for determining the level of risk that is appropriate given our business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives, and for managing this risk consistent with the guidelines approved by the Board of Directors. Management monitors the level of interest rate risk on a regular basis and the Risk Committee meets at least quarterly to review our asset/liability policies and interest rate risk position. 
  We have sought to manage our interest rate risk in order to minimize the exposure of our earnings and capital to changes in interest rates. During the low interest rate environment that has existed in recent years, we have implemented the following strategies to manage our interest rate risk: (i) emphasizing adjustable rate loans including, adjustable rate one-to-four family, commercial and consumer loans, (ii) selling longer-term 1-4 family fixed rate mortgage loans in the secondary market, (iii) reducing and shortening the expected average life of the investment portfolio and (iv) a forward starting hedge strategy for future dated wholesale funding and (v) a loan level hedging program. These measures should serve to reduce the volatility of our future net interest income in different interest rate environments. 
  Quantitative Analysis 
  Income Simulation:   Simulation analysis is used to estimate our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time. The Company models a stable balance sheet (both size and mix) projected throughout the modeling horizon. This adoption was made in a continued effort to align with regulatory best practices and to highlight the current level of risk in the Company s positions without the effects of growth assumptions. We utilize the income simulation method to analyze our interest rate sensitivity position to manage the risk associated with interest rate movements. At least quarterly, our Risk Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the potential effect changes in interest rates could have on the repayment or repricing of rate sensitive assets and funding requirements of rate sensitive liabilities. Our most recent simulation uses projected repricing of assets and liabilities at   September 30, 2016   on the basis of contractual maturities, anticipated repayments and scheduled rate adjustments. Prepayment rate assumptions as well as deposit characterization assumptions can have a significant impact on interest income simulation results. Because of the large percentage of loans and mortgage-backed assets we hold, rising or falling interest rates may have a significant impact on the actual prepayment speeds of our mortgage related assets that may in turn effect our interest rate sensitivity position. When interest rates rise, prepayment speeds slow and the average expected life of our assets would tend to lengthen more than the expected average life of our liabilities and therefore would most likely result in a decrease to our asset sensitive position. 

United Bank s Asset/Liability policy currently limits projected changes in net interest income based on a matrix of projected total risk-based capital relative to the interest rate change for each twelve month period measured compared to the flat rate scenario. As a result, the higher a level of projected risk-based capital, the higher the limit of projected net interest income volatility the  

71 

Table of Contents  

Company will accept. As the level of projected risk-based capital is reduced, the policy requires that net interest income volatility also is reduced, making the limit dynamic relative to the capital level needed to support it. These policy limits are re-evaluated on a periodic basis (not less than annually) and may be modified, as appropriate. Because of the asset-sensitivity of our balance sheet, income is projected to increase if interest rates rise in the 12 month projected horizon. Also included in the decreasing rate scenario is the assumption that further declines are reflective of a deeper recession as well as narrower credit spreads from Federal Open Market Committee actions. At   September 30, 2016  , income at risk over the next twelve months (i.e., the change in net interest income) increased   1.74%   and decreased   5.25%   based on a 300 basis point average increase or a 50 basis point average decrease, respectively. While we believe the assumptions used are reasonable, there can be no assurance that assumed prepayment rates will approximate actual future mortgage-backed security and loan repayment activity. 
   
                 Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures:   Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information the Company must disclose in its reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis. Our management has evaluated, with the participation and under the supervision of our chief executive officer ( CEO ) and chief financial officer ( CFO ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of such date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in reports that it files under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Controls:   During the quarter under report, there was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
                 Part II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

The Company is involved in various legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of business. The Company is not involved in any legal proceedings deemed to be material as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
                 Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes in the Risk Factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended   December 31, 2015  . 

72 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

The Company obtained approval for and initiated a third buyback plan on October 15, 2014. Under this plan, the Company was authorized to repurchase up to 2,566,283 shares, or 5% of the outstanding shares at the time the plan was approved and had a remaining authorization to purchase an additional 254,394 shares. On January 26, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved a fourth share repurchase plan authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 2.5% of outstanding shares, or 1,248,536 shares. In connection with this authorization, the third share repurchase program was suspended and the remaining shares are no longer available for repurchase. There were no purchases of equity securities during the   third   quarter of   2016   made by or on behalf of the Company or any  affiliated purchaser , as defined by Section 240.10b-18(a)(3) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, of shares of the Company s common stock. 
   
                 Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 
   
                 Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 
   
                 Item 5. 
    Other Information 

None. 

2.1 
    Amended and Restated Plan of Conversion and Reorganization (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registration Statement filed on the Form S-1 for Rockville Financial New, Inc. on September 16, 2010) 
      2.2 
    Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Rockville Financial, Inc. and United Financial Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2013) 
      3.1 
    Certificate of Incorporation of United Financial Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2014) 
      3.1.1 
    Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation increasing authorized common stock from 60,000,000 shares to 120,000,000 shares (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit B in the Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 23, 2015)  
      3.2 
    The Bylaws, as amended and restated, (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2014) 
      10.5 
    Supplemental Savings and Retirement Plan of United Bank as amended and restated effective December 31, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed for Rockville Financial, Inc. (now United Financial Bancorp, Inc.) filed on December 18, 2007) 
      10.6 
    United Bank Officer Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 filed on March 31, 2006 (File No. 000-52139)) 
      10.9 
    United Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as amended and restated effective December 31, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed for Rockville Financial, Inc. (now United Financial Bancorp, Inc.) filed on December 18, 2007) 
      10.10 
    Rockville Financial , Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Award Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B in the Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A for Rockville Financial, Inc. (now United Financial Bancorp, Inc.) filed on July 3, 2006 (File No. 000-51239)) 
      10.11.2 
    Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement of United Bank for William H.W. Crawford, IV effective December 26, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.2 to the Current Report on the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013) 
      10.11.4 
    On November 14, 2013, United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiary United Bank entered into an Employment Agreement with William H.W. Crawford, IV  effective on the date of the consummation of the Merger (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.11.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2013) 
      10.12 
    Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement of United Bank for Mark A. Kucia effective December 6, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 filed on March 10, 2011) 

73 

Table of Contents  

10.12.1 
    Employment Agreement as amended and restated by and among United Financial Bancorp, Inc., United Bank and Mark A. Kucia, effective January 1, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed March 7, 2016) 
      10.14 
    Rockville Financial , Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Award Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A in the Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A for Rockville Financial, Inc. (now United Financial Bancorp, Inc.) filed on April 4, 2012 (File No. 0001193125-12-149948)) 
      10.17 
    Employment Agreement as amended and restated by and among United Financial Bancorp, Inc., United Bank and Eric R. Newell, effective January 1, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed March 7, 2016) 
      10.18 
    Employment Agreement as amended and restated by and among United Financial Bancorp, Inc., United Bank and David Paulson, effective January 1, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed March 7, 2016) 
      10.19 
    Form of United Financial Bancorp, Inc. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan, effective January 21, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed on March 9, 2015) 
      10.20 
    United Financial Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A in the Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A for the Company filed September 8, 2015) 
      10.21 
    Employment Agreement as amended and restated by and among United Financial Bancorp, Inc., United Bank and Brandon C. Lorey, effective January 1, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed August 5, 2016) 
      14.0 
    United Financial Bancorp, Inc., United Bank, Standards of Conduct Policy Employees (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed on March 9, 2015) 
      21. 
    Subsidiaries of United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and United Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21. to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on March 7, 2016) 
      31.1 
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer filed herewith 
      31.2 
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer filed herewith 
      32.0 
    Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer attached hereto 
      101. 
    Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Net Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith 

74 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
  United Financial Bancorp, Inc. 
                   By: 
      
    /s/ Eric R. Newell 

Eric R. Newell 

EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Date:   November 4, 2016    

75 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ubnk20160930ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  Certification  
    
  I, William H.W. Crawford, IV, certify that:  
                 1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Financial Bancorp, Inc.;  

2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation;  
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
                 5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 

November 4, 2016 

/s/ William H.W. Crawford, IV 

William H.W. Crawford, IV 
  Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ubnk20160930ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Certification  
    
  I, Eric R. Newell, certify that:  
                 1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Financial Bancorp, Inc.;  

2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation;  
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
                 5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

November 4, 2016 

/s/ Eric R. Newell 

Eric R. Newell 
   EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 ubnk20160930ex320.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.0

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.0 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADDED BY 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of United Financial Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
                   1. 
      
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
      
    The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of the Company as of and for the period covered by this Report. 

By:  
      
    /s/ William H.W. Crawford, IV 

William H.W. Crawford, IV 

Chief Executive Officer 

November 4, 2016 

By:  
      
    /s/ Eric R. Newell 

Eric R. Newell 

EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

November 4, 2016 

The forgoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 12 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
        
      Note: A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and will be retained by United Financial Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ubnk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ubnk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ubnk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ubnk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ubnk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ubnk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

