<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_887730_0000887730-16-000149_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14087009</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151862</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>574038</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5368547</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6159941</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1564253</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>75</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000887730-16-000149.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102064630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000887730-16-000149
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KEMET CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000887730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES [3670]
		IRS NUMBER:				570923789
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15491
		FILM NUMBER:		161966253

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2835 KEMET WAY
		STREET 2:		2835 KEMET WAY
		CITY:			SIMPSONVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29681
		BUSINESS PHONE:		864-963-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 5928
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 5928
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29606

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000887730-16-000149.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 fy2017_q2xform10qworddoc.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 
               QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 
  o               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    
  For the transition period from           to       
      
  Commission File Number: 001-15491 
    
  KEMET CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   DELAWARE 
      
    57-0923789 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

2835 KEMET WAY, SIMPSONVILLE, SOUTH CAROLINA 29681 
  (Address of principal executive offices, zip code) 
    
  (864) 963-6300 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report:   N/A 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES        NO   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  YES       NO   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                   Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   x 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   o   YES        NO 
    
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, as of   October 31, 2016   was   46,282,645  . 

Table of Contents  

KEMET CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  INDEX 

Table of Contents  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1 - Financial Statements 

KEMET CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

KEMET CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited)                              

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

KEMET CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (Amounts in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

KEMET CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Amounts in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

Note   1  . Basis of Financial Statement Presentation 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements contained herein are unaudited and have been prepared from the books and records of KEMET Corporation and its subsidiaries ( KEMET  or the  Company ). In the opinion of management, the condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods. The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q, and therefore, do not include all information and footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ). Although the Company believes the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading, it is suggested that these condensed consolidated financial statements be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016   (the  Company s   2016   Annual Report ). 
    
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. In consolidation, all significant intercompany amounts and transactions have been eliminated.  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.  Net sales and operating results for the   quarter and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 
    
  The Company s significant accounting policies are presented in the Company s   2016   Annual Report. 
    
  Use of Estimates and Assumptions 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments based on historical data and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable.  These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. In addition, they affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
    
  The Company s judgments are based on management s assessment as to the effect certain estimates, assumptions, or future trends or events may have on the financial condition and results of operations reported in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. It is important that readers of these unaudited financial statements understand that actual results could differ from these estimates, assumptions, and judgments. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  New accounting standards adopted/issued 
    
    In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,     Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The update clarifies how cash receipts and cash payments in certain transactions are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The effective date of this update is for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The update requires retrospective application to all periods presented but may be applied prospectively if retrospective application is impracticable. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this principle on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
       
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation. This guidance changes several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (1) Accounting and Cash Flow Classification for Excess Tax Benefits and Deficiencies, (2) Forfeitures, and (3) Tax Withholding Requirements and Cash Flow Classification. This ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted, and KEMET adopted ASU No. 2016-09 as of April 1, 2016. The Company elected to discontinue estimating forfeitures that are expected to occur and recorded a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings of   130,000   as of April 1, 2016. There was no cumulative adjustment related to the excess tax benefits as the Company did not have an additional paid in capital pool of excess tax benefits. The adoption did not have a significant impact to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases. The ASU requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all of their leases (other than short-term leases). The guidance is to be applied using a modified retrospective approach at the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. This ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The ASU requires an entity that uses first-in, first-out or average cost to measure its inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. ASU 2015-11 was effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning April 1, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-11 did not materially impact the Company s operating results and financial position. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The ASU specifies that debt issuance costs related to a note shall be reported in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the face amount of the note.   In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) - Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements, which clarifies the treatment of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements that were not specifically addressed in ASU 2015-03. ASU 2015-15 states that entities may elect to continue to treat debt issuance costs associated with lines of credit as an asset, consistent with current treatment. The Company adopted these ASUs in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.   The ASUs did not impact the Company s results of operations or liquidity. The balance sheet as of March 31, 2016 has been adjusted to reflect retrospective application of the new accounting guidance as follows (amounts in thousands): 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern. The new guidance requires management to assess if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern for each annual and interim period. If conditions or events give rise to substantial doubt, disclosures are required. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter; early application is permitted. This new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which supersedes existing accounting standards for revenue recognition and creates a single framework. The new guidance requires either a retrospective or a modified retrospective approach at adoption. Early adoption is permitted, but not before Company s fiscal year that begins on April 1, 2017 (the original effective date of the ASU). Additional updates to Topic 606 issued by the FASB in 2015 and 2016 include the following: 
             
    ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, which defers the effective date of the new guidance such that the new provisions will now be required for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 (ASU No. 2015-14 is effective for the Company s fiscal year that begins on April 1, 2018 and interim periods within that fiscal year). 
                
    ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations, which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net).  
                
    ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which clarifies the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and classifying licensing arrangements. 
                
    ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which clarifies the implementation guidance in a number of other areas.  
       
  The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact the adoption of the new revenue standards will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, as well as the available transition methods. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

There are currently no other accounting standards that have been issued that will have a significant impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 
    
  Fair Value Measurement 
    
  The Company utilizes three levels of inputs to measure the fair value of (a) nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the Company s consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually) and (b) all financial assets and liabilities. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 
    
  The first two inputs are considered observable and the last is considered unobservable. The levels of inputs are as follows: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
       
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   are as follows (amounts in thousands):  

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Included in the line item  Cash and cash equivalents  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
              (2) 
    The valuation approach used to calculate fair value was a discounted cash flow based on the borrowing rate for each respective debt facility.  
              (3) 
    See Note   6  ,  Investment in NEC TOKIN,  for a description of the NEC TOKIN option.  The value of the option depends on the enterprise value of NEC TOKIN Corporation and its forecasted EBITDA over the duration of the option. The option has been valued using option pricing methods in a Monte Carlo simulation. 
       
  The table below summarizes NEC TOKIN option valuation activity using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) (amounts in thousands):  

9 

     Table of Contents  

Inventories 
    
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  The components of inventories are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Warrant 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  ,   8.4 million   shares were subject to the warrant (which expires June 30, 2019) held by K Equity, LLC.  
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  The Company ships products to customers based upon firm orders and revenue is recognized when the sales process is complete. This occurs when products are shipped to the customer in accordance with the terms of an agreement of sale, there is a fixed or determinable selling price, title and risk of loss have been transferred and collectability is reasonably assured.  Based on product availability, customer requirements and customer consent, the Company may ship products earlier than the initial planned ship date.  Shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales.  
    
  A portion of sales is related to products designed to meet customer specific requirements.  These products typically have stricter tolerances making them useful to the specific customer requesting the product and to customers with similar or less stringent requirements.  The Company recognizes revenue when title to the products transfers to the customer.  
       
  A portion of sales is made to distributors under agreements allowing certain rights of return and price protection on unsold merchandise held by distributors. The Company s distributor policy includes inventory price protection and  ship-from-stock and debit  ( SFSD ) programs common in the industry.  
       
  KEMET s SFSD program provides authorized distributors with the flexibility to meet marketplace prices by allowing them, upon a pre-approved case-by-case basis, to adjust their purchased inventory cost to correspond with current market demand. Requests for SFSD adjustments are considered on an individual basis, require a pre-approved cost adjustment quote from their local KEMET sales representative and apply only to a specific customer, part, specified special price amount, specified quantity, and are only valid for a specific period of time. To estimate potential SFSD adjustments corresponding with current period sales, KEMET records a sales reserve based on historical SFSD credits, distributor inventory levels, and certain accounting assumptions, all of which are reviewed quarterly.  
       
  Most of the Company s distributors have the right to return to KEMET a certain portion of the purchased inventory, which, in general, does not exceed   6%   of their purchases from the previous fiscal quarter. KEMET estimates future returns based on historical return patterns and records a corresponding allowance on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company also offers volume based rebates on a case-by-case basis to certain customers in each of the Company s sales channels.  
       
  The establishment of sales allowances is recognized as a component of the line item  Net sales  on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, while the associated reserves are included in the line item  Accounts receivable, net  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Estimates used in determining sales allowances are subject to various factors. This includes, but is not limited to, changes in economic conditions, pricing changes, product demand, inventory levels in the supply chain, the effects of technological change, and other variables that might result in changes to the Company s estimates. 
    
  The Company provides a limited warranty to customers that the Company s products meet certain specifications. The warranty period is generally limited to   one year  , and the Company s liability under the warranty is generally limited to a replacement of the product or refund of the purchase price of the product. Warranty costs as a percentage of net sales were less  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

than   1.0%   for the   quarters and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The Company recognizes warranty costs when they are both probable and reasonably estimable. 

Note   2  . Debt 
    
  A summary of debt is as follows (amounts in thousands): 

(1) As noted in Note 1,  Basis of Financial Statements Presentation,  ASU No. 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest, was adopted as of April 1, 2016. As such, debt issuance cost, if any, is included within the respective debt balance. Amounts shown are net of premium and debt issuance costs of   $0.8 million   and   $1.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively which reduce the 10.5% Senior Notes balance. 
    
  The line item  Interest expense  on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the   quarters and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consists of the following (amounts in thousands): 

Revolving Line of Credit 
    
  On May 2, 2016, the Loan and Security Agreement dated September 30, 2010, as amended, by and among KEMET Electronics Corporation ( KEC ), KEMET Electronics Marketing (S) Pte. Ltd., KEMET Foil Manufacturing, LLC ( KEMET Foil ), KEMET Blue Powder Corporation ( KEMET Blue Powder ), The Forest Electric Company and the financial institutions party thereto (the  Loan and Security Agreement ), was amended and, as a result, the revolving credit facility  increased to   $65.0 million  . The Company had the following activity for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   and resulting balances under the revolving line of credit (amounts in thousands, excluding percentages): 

______________________________________________________________________________ 
  (1) For U.S. borrowings, Base Rate plus   1.50%  , as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

(2)  For Singapore borrowings, London Interbank Offer Rate ( LIBOR ), plus a spread of   2.50%   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  (3) The Company has the intent and ability to extend the due date on the Singapore borrowings.   
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , these were the only borrowings under the revolving line of credit, and the Company s available borrowing capacity under the Loan and Security Agreement was   $31.1 million  .  
    
  10.5% Senior Notes 
    
  On May 10, 2016, the Company repurchased and retired   $2.0 million   of its   10.5%   Senior Notes due May 1, 2018 (the    10.5%   Senior Notes ). As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , the Company had outstanding   $353.0 million   and   $355.0 million  , respectively in aggregate principal amount of the Company s   10.5%   Senior Notes.  The Company had interest payable related to the   10.5%   Senior Notes included in the line item  Accrued expenses  on its Condensed Consolidated balance sheets of   $15.4 million   and   $15.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. 

Note   3  . Impairment charges 
    
  In the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   we recorded a write down of long-lived assets of   $6.2 million   due to the following two actions.  
    
  On August 31, 2016, KEMET Electronics Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of KEMET made the decision to shut-down operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary, KEMET Foil Manufacturing, LLC ( KFM ). Operations at KFM s Knoxville, Tennessee plant ceased as of October 31, 2016. KFM supplied formed foil to the Company s Film and Electrolytic Business Group ( Film and Electrolytic ), as well as to certain third party customers. The Company anticipates that Film and Electrolytic will achieve raw material cost savings by purchasing its formed foil from suppliers that have the advantage of lower utility costs. During the second fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, Film and Electrolytic recorded impairment charges totaling   $4.1 million   comprised of   $3.0 million   for the write down of property plant and equipment and   $1.1 million   for the write down of intangible assets.  The impairment charges are recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations line item  Write down of long-lived assets . In addition, the Company has accrued severance charges and restructuring costs described in Note   4  ,  Restructuring Charges.   
    
  The Solid Capacitor Business Group ( Solid Capacitors ) initiated a plan to relocate its K-Salt operations from a leased facility equipment to its existing Matamoros, Mexico facility. Impairment charges of approximately   $2.1 million   are recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations line item  Write down of long-lived assets . In addition, the Company has accrued severance charges described in Note   4  ,  Restructuring Charges  and expects to incur equipment relocation costs of approximately   $1.2 million   in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. 

Note   4  . Restructuring Charges 
    
  KEMET s restructuring plans are focused on making the Company more competitive by reducing excess capacity, relocating production to lower cost locations and eliminating unnecessary costs throughout the Company.  
    
  A summary of the expenses aggregated in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations line item  Restructuring charges  in the   quarters and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , is as follows (amounts in thousands):                                

Quarter Ended September 30, 2016    
    
  The Company incurred   $4.0 million   in restructuring charges in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   comprised of   $1.4 million   in personnel reduction costs and   $2.6 million   in manufacturing relocation and exit costs.   

12 

     Table of Contents  

The personnel reduction costs of   $1.4 million   consist of   $0.4 million   in   headcount reductions related to the shut-down of operations for KFM in Knoxville, Tennessee  ,   $0.4 million     related to the consolidation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing in Matamoros, Mexico  ,   $0.3 million   in   U.S. headcount reductions related to the relocation of global marketing functions to the Company s Fort Lauderdale, Florida office  ,   $0.2 million   related to overhead reductions corresponding with the relocation of research and development ( R D ) operations from Weymouth, England to Evora, Portugal, and   $0.1 million   in   manufacturing headcount reductions related to the relocation of the K-Salt operations to the existing Matamoros, Mexico plant.    
    
  The manufacturing relocation costs of   $2.6 million   primarily consists of   $2.2 million     related to contract termination costs related to the shut-down of operations for KFM  ,   $0.3 million   related to   transfers of Film and Electrolytic production lines and R D functions to lower cost regions  , and   $0.1 million   related to the   transfer of certain Tantalum production from Simpsonville, South Carolina to Victoria, Mexico  . 
    
  Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2016    
    
  The Company incurred   $4.7 million   in restructuring charges in the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   comprised of   $2.1 million   in personnel reduction costs and   $2.6 million   in manufacturing relocation and exit costs. 
    
  The personnel reduction costs of   $2.1 million   consist of   $0.4 million   in   headcount reductions related to the shut-down of operations for KFM in Knoxville, Tennessee  ,   $0.5 million     related to the consolidation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing in Matamoros, Mexico  ,   $0.3 million   for   overhead reductions in Sweden  ,   $0.3 million   in   U.S. headcount reductions related to the relocation of global marketing functions to the Company s Fort Lauderdale, Florida office  ,   $0.2 million   related to   overhead reductions as we relocate the R D operations from Weymouth, England to Evora, Portugal  ,   $0.2 million     related to headcount reductions in Europe (primarily Italy and Landsberg, Germany) corresponding with the relocation of certain production lines and laboratories to lower cost regions  , and   $0.1 million   in   manufacturing headcount reductions related to the relocation of the K-Salt operations to the existing Matamoros, Mexico plant. 
    
  The manufacturing relocation costs of   $2.6 million   primarily consists of   $2.2 million   in   related to contract termination costs related to the shut-down of operations for KFM  ,   $0.3 million   related to   transfers of Film and Electrolytic production lines and R D functions to lower cost regions  , and   $0.1 million   related to the   transfer of certain Tantalum production from Simpsonville, South Carolina to Victoria, Mexico  . 
    
  Quarter Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  The Company incurred   $23 thousand   in restructuring charges in the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   including a credit to personnel reduction costs of   $0.4 million   and   $0.5 million   in manufacturing relocation costs. 
    
  The credit to personnel reduction costs of   $0.4 million   is due primarily to a   $1.2 million   reversal of a severance accrual in Italy.   The Company originally recorded the accrual in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 corresponding with a plan to reduce headcount by 50 employees.  Under the plan, 24 employees were terminated. However, due to unexpected workforce attrition combined with achieving other cost reduction goals, the Company decided not to complete the remaining headcount reduction.  Consequently, the Company reversed the remaining accrual during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016.   This was partially offset by the following expenses:   $0.5 million   for   headcount reductions in Matamoros, Mexico related to the relocation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing from Matamoros, Mexico to Victoria, Mexico  , and   $0.2 million   for   headcount reductions related to the outsourcing of the Company s information technology function and overhead reductions in North America and Europe  . 
    
  The Company also incurred   $0.5 million   of manufacturing relocation costs for transfers of Film and Electrolytic production lines to lower cost regions. 
    
  Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  The Company incurred   $1.8 million   in restructuring charges in the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   comprised of   $1.1 million   of personnel reduction costs and   $0.7 million   in manufacturing relocation costs. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

The personnel reduction costs of   $1.1 million   consist of the following:   $0.6 million     related to a headcount reduction in Suzhou, China for the Film and Electrolytic production line transfer from Suzhou, China to Anting, China  ,   $0.4 million   for   headcount reductions in Europe (primarily Landsberg, Germany)  ,   $0.8 million   for   headcount reductions in Matamoros, Mexico related to the relocation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing from Matamoros, Mexico to Victoria, Mexico  , and   $0.4 million   for   headcount reductions related to the outsourcing of the Company s information technology function and overhead reductions in North America and Europe  .  These personnel reduction costs were partially offset by a   $1.2 million   reversal of a severance accrual in Italy.  
    
  The Company also incurred   $0.7 million   of manufacturing relocation costs for transfers of Film and Electrolytic production lines to lower cost regions. 
    
  Reconciliation of restructuring liability 
    
  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending liability balances for restructuring charges included in the line items  Accrued expenses  and  Other non-current obligations  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for the   quarters and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Note   5  . Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
  Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ( AOCI ) for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   include the following components (amounts in thousands): 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in AOCI for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   include the following components (amounts in thousands): 

(1) 
    Due primarily to the Company s valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, there were   no   significant deferred tax effects associated with the cumulative currency translation gains and losses during the   quarter and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016  . 

15 

Table of Contents  

Note   6  . Investment in NEC TOKIN 
    
  On March 12, 2012, KEC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Stock Purchase Agreement ) with NEC TOKIN Corporation ( NEC TOKIN ), a manufacturer of tantalum capacitors, electro-magnetic, electro-mechanical and access devices, to acquire   51%   of the common stock of NEC TOKIN (which represented a   34%   economic interest, as calculated based on the number of common shares held by KEC, directly and indirectly, in proportion to the aggregate number of outstanding common and convertible preferred shares of NEC TOKIN as of such date) (the  Initial Purchase ) from NEC Corporation ( NEC ) of Japan. The transaction closed on February 1, 2013, at which time KEC paid a purchase price of   $50.0 million   for new shares of common stock of NEC TOKIN (the  Initial Closing ). The Company accounts for its investment in NEC TOKIN using the equity method for a non-consolidated variable interest entity since KEC does not have the power to direct significant activities of NEC TOKIN. The Company believes that the NEC TOKIN convertible preferred stock represents in-substance common stock of NEC TOKIN and, as a result, its method of calculating KEC s economic basis in NEC TOKIN is the appropriate basis on which to recognize its share of the earnings or loss of NEC TOKIN. 
    
  In connection with KEC s execution of the Stock Purchase Agreement, KEC entered into a Stockholders  Agreement (the  Stockholders  Agreement ) with NEC TOKIN and NEC, which provides for restrictions on transfers of NEC TOKIN s capital stock, certain tag-along and first refusal rights on transfer, restrictions on NEC s ability to convert the preferred stock of NEC TOKIN held by it, certain management services to be provided to NEC TOKIN by KEC (or an affiliate of KEC) and certain board representation rights. KEC holds   four   of   seven   NEC TOKIN director positions. However, NEC has significant board rights. 
    
  Concurrent with execution of the Stock Purchase Agreement and the Stockholders  Agreement, KEC entered into an Option Agreement (the  Option Agreement ) with NEC, which was amended on August 29, 2014, whereby KEC had the right to purchase additional shares of NEC TOKIN common stock from NEC TOKIN for a purchase price of   $50.0 million   resulting in an economic interest of approximately   49%   while maintaining ownership of   51%   of NEC TOKIN s common stock (the  First Call Option ) by providing notice of the First Call Option between the Initial Closing and April 30, 2015. Upon providing such First Call Option notice, but not before April 1, 2015, KEC could also have exercised a second option to purchase all outstanding capital stock of NEC TOKIN from its stockholders, primarily NEC, for a purchase price based on the greater of   six   times LTM EBITDA (as defined in the Option Agreement) less the previous payments and certain other adjustments, or the outstanding amount of NEC TOKIN s debt obligation to NEC (the  Second Call Option ) by providing notice of the Second Call Option by May 31, 2018. The First and Second Call Options expired on April 30, 2015 without being exercised.  
    
  Through May 31, 2018, NEC may require KEC to purchase all outstanding capital stock of NEC TOKIN from its stockholders, primarily NEC (the  Put Option ), provided that KEC s payment of the Put Option price is permitted under the   10.5%   Senior Notes and Loan and Security Agreement. However, in the event that KEC issues new debt securities principally to refinance its outstanding   10.5%   Senior Notes due 2018 and its currently outstanding credit agreement, including amounts to pay related fees and expenses and to use for general corporate purposes ( Refinancing Notes ), prior to NEC s delivery of its notification of exercise of the Put Option, then the earliest date NEC may exercise the Put Option is automatically extended to the day immediately following the final scheduled maturity date of such Refinancing Notes, or in the event such Refinancing Notes are redeemed in full prior to such final scheduled maturity date, then on the day immediately following the date of such full redemption, but in any event beginning no later than November 1, 2019. If not previously exercised, the Put Option will expire on October 31, 2023. 
    
  The purchase price for the Put Option will be based on the greater of   six   times LTM EBITDA less previous payments and certain other adjustments, or the outstanding amount of NEC TOKIN s debt obligation to NEC as of the date the Put Option is exercised. The purchase price for the Put Option is reduced by the amount of NEC TOKIN s debt obligation to NEC which KEC will assume. The determination of the purchase price could be modified in the event there is a disagreement between NEC and KEC under the Stockholders  Agreement.  
    
  The Company has marked the option to fair value and in the   quarter and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   recognized a   $1.6 million   gain and a   $10.4 million   loss, respectively, which was included on the line item  Change in value of the NEC TOKIN option  in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The line item  Other non-current obligations  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets includes   $31.0 million   and   $20.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively, related to the respective fair value of the Put Option.  
    
  KEC s total investment in NEC TOKIN including the net call derivative described above on February 1, 2013, the closing date of the acquisition, was   $54.5 million   which includes   $50.0 million   cash consideration plus approximately   $4.5  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

million   in transaction expenses (fees for legal, accounting, due diligence, investment banking and various other services necessary to complete the transactions). The Company has made an allocation of the aggregate purchase price, which was based upon estimates that the Company believes are reasonable. 
    
  Summarized financial information for NEC TOKIN follows (amounts in thousands):    

A reconciliation between NEC TOKIN s net income (loss) and KEC s equity investment income (loss) follows (amounts in thousands):                 

A reconciliation between NEC TOKIN s net assets and KEC s investment in NEC TOKIN follows (amounts in thousands):     

  (1) Amortized over the estimated lives. 
  (2) Adjusted each period for any activity. 

17 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , KEC s maximum loss exposure as a result of its investments in NEC TOKIN is limited to the aggregate of the carrying value of the investment, any accounts receivable balance due from NEC TOKIN and obligations in the Put Option.  
    
  Summarized transactions between KEC and NEC TOKIN are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

(1) In accordance with the Stockholders  Agreement, KEC entered into a management services agreement with NEC TOKIN to provide services for which KEC is being reimbursed. 
    
  Beginning in March 2014, NEC TOKIN and certain of its subsidiaries received inquiries, requests for information and other communications from government authorities in China, the United States, the European Commission, Japan, South Korea Taiwan, Singapore and Brazil concerning alleged anti-competitive activities within the capacitor industry.   
    
  On September 2, 2015, the United States Department of Justice announced a plea agreement with NEC TOKIN in which NEC TOKIN agreed to plead guilty to a one-count felony charge of unreasonable restraint of interstate and foreign trade and commerce in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, and to pay a criminal fine of   $13.8 million  . The plea agreement was approved by the United States District Court, Northern District of California, on January 21, 2016. The fine is payable over   five years   in   six   installments of   $2.3 million   each, plus accrued interest. The first payment was made in February 2016 and the next payment is due in February 2017. 
    
    On December 9, 2015, the Taiwan Fair Trade Commission ( TFTC ) publicly announced that NEC TOKIN would be fined   1,218.2 million   New Taiwan dollars ( NTD ) (approximately U.S.   $38.8 million  ) for violations of the Taiwan Fair Trade Act. Subsequently, the TFTC has reduced the fine to   NTD609.1 million   (approximately U.S.   $19.4 million  ). In February 2016, NEC TOKIN commenced an administrative suit in Taiwan, challenging the validity of the amount of the fine. 
    
  On March 29, 2016, the Japan Fair Trade Commission published an order by which NEC TOKIN was fined    127.2 million   (approximately U.S.   $1.3 million  ) for violation of the Japanese Antimonopoly Act. Payment of the fine was made on October 31, 2016. 
    
  On July 26, 2016, Brazil s Administrative Council for Economic Defense approved a cease and desist agreement with NEC TOKIN in which NEC TOKIN made a financial contribution of Brazilian real   601 thousand   (approximately U.S.   $0.2 million  ) to Brazil s Fund for Defense of Diffuse Rights. 
    
  On May 2, 2016, NEC TOKIN reached a preliminary settlement, followed by definitive settlement agreements on July 15, 2016 which are subject to court approval, in   two   antitrust suits filed with the United States District Court, Northern District of California as In re: Capacitors Antitrust Litigation, No. 3:14-cv-03264-JD (the  Class Action Suits ). Pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreements, in consideration of the release of NEC TOKIN and its subsidiaries (including NEC TOKIN America, Inc.) from claims asserted in the Class Action Suits, NEC TOKIN will pay an aggregate   $37.3 million   to a settlement class of direct purchasers of capacitors and a settlement class of indirect purchasers of capacitors. Each of the respective class payments is payable in   five   installments, the first of which became due on July 29, 2016, the next   three   of which are due each year thereafter on the anniversary of the initial payment, and the final payment is due by December 31, 2019. NEC TOKIN has paid the initial installment payments into the two plaintiff classes  respective escrow accounts.  
    
  The remaining governmental investigations are continuing at various stages. As of   September 30, 2016  , NEC TOKIN s accrual for antitrust and civil litigation claims totaled   $72.7 million  . This amount includes the best estimate of losses  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

which may result from the ongoing antitrust investigations, civil litigation and claims. However, the actual outcomes could differ from what has been accrued. 
    
  Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, NEC is required to indemnify NEC TOKIN and/or KEC for any breaches by NEC TOKIN or NEC of certain representations, warranties and covenants in the Stock Purchase Agreement. NEC s aggregate liability for indemnification claims is limited to   $25.0 million  . Accordingly, KEMET, under equity method accounting, has established an indemnity asset in the amount of   $8.5 million   (based upon our   34%   economic interest in NEC TOKIN). However, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, claims arising out of fraud or criminal conduct are not limited by the   $25.0 million   indemnification cap, and for such claims the claimant retains all remedies available in equity or at law. 

Note   7  . Segment and Geographic Information 
    
  The Company is organized into   two   business groups: Solid Capacitors and Film and Electrolytic.  The business groups are responsible for their respective manufacturing sites as well as their respective research and development efforts. The Company does not allocate indirect Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) or shared Research and development ( R D ) expenses to the business groups.   
    
  Solid Capacitors 
    
  Operating in   nine   manufacturing sites in the United States, Mexico and China, Solid Capacitors primarily produces tantalum, aluminum polymer, and ceramic capacitors which are sold globally.  Solid Capacitors also produces tantalum powder used in the production of tantalum capacitors and has a product innovation center in the United States. 
    
  Film and Electrolytic 
    
  Operating in   ten   manufacturing sites throughout Europe, Asia, and the United States, Film and Electrolytic primarily produces film, paper, and electrolytic capacitors which are sold globally. Film and Electrolytic also manufactures etched foils utilized as a core component in the manufacture of electrolytic capacitors. In addition, this business group has product innovation centers in the United Kingdom, Italy, Germany and Sweden. 
    
  The following table reflects each business group s net sales, operating income (loss), depreciation and amortization expenses and sales by region for the   quarters and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands):             
   
  __________________ 

19 

     Table of Contents  

(1)        Restructuring charges included in Operating income (loss) are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

(2)        Write down of long-lived assets included in Operating income (loss) are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

___________________ 

Note   8  .  Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
    
  The Company sponsors   six   defined benefit pension plans in Europe,   one   plan in Singapore and   two   plans in Mexico.  In addition, the Company sponsors a post-retirement plan in the United States.  Costs recognized for benefit plans are recorded using estimated amounts which may change as actual costs for the fiscal year are determined.  
    
  The components of net periodic benefit (income) costs relating to the Company s pension and other postretirement benefit plans are as follows for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

20 

     Table of Contents  

The components of net periodic benefit (income) costs relating to the Company s pension and other postretirement benefit plans are as follows for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

In fiscal year   2017  , the Company expects to contribute up to   $1.7 million   to the pension plans,   $0.5 million   of which has been contributed as of   September 30, 2016  .  For the postretirement benefit plan, the Company s policy is to pay benefits as costs are incurred.  

Note   9  . Stock-based Compensation 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the 2014 Amendment and Restatement of the KEMET Corporation 2011 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the  2011 Incentive Plan ), approved by the Company s stockholders in 2014, is the only plan the Company has to issue equity based awards to executives and key employees. Upon adoption of the 2011 Incentive Plan, no further awards were permitted to be granted under the Company s prior plans, including the 1992 Key Employee Stock Option Plan, the 1995 Executive Stock Option Plan, and the 2004 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (collectively, the  Prior Plans ).   
    
  The 2011 Incentive Plan authorized the grant of up to   7.4 million   shares of the Company s Common Stock, comprised of   6.6 million   shares under the 2011 Incentive Plan and   0.8 million   shares remaining from the Prior Plans and authorizes the Company to provide equity-based compensation in the form of: 
             
    stock options, including incentive stock options, entitling the optionee to favorable tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code;  
                
    stock appreciation rights;  
                
    restricted stock and restricted stock units ( RSUs   
                
    other share-based awards; and, 
                
    performance awards.  
       
  Options issued under these plans vest within   one   to   three   years and expire   ten   years from the grant date. The Company grants RSUs to members of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer and key management. Once vested and settled, RSUs are converted into restricted stock. For members of the Board of Directors and senior personnel, such restricted stock cannot be sold until   90   days after termination of service with the Company, or until the individual achieves the targeted ownership under the Company s stock ownership guidelines, and only to the extent that such ownership level exceeds the target. Compensation expense is recognized over the respective vesting periods. 
    
  Historically, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved annual Long Term Incentive Plans ( LTIP ) which cover   two   year periods and are primarily based upon the achievement of an Adjusted EBITDA range for the two-year period. At the time of the award, the individual plans entitle the participants to receive cash or RSUs, or a combination of both as determined by the Company s Board of Directors. The 2013/2014 LTIP, 2014/2015 LTIP, 2015/2016 LTIP, 2016/2017 LTIP, and 2017/2018 LTIP also awarded RSUs which vest over the course of   three   years from the anniversary of the establishment of the plan and are not subject to a performance metric. The Company assesses the likelihood of meeting the Adjusted EBITDA financial metric on a quarterly basis and adjusts compensation expense to match expectations. Any related liability is reflected in the line item  Accrued expenses  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and any restricted stock unit commitment is reflected in the line item  Additional paid-in capital  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

On May 18, 2016, the Company granted RSUs under the 2017/2018 LTIP with a grant date fair value of   $2.46   that vests as follows (amounts in thousands):  

The following is the vesting schedule of RSUs under each respective LTIP, which vested during the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   (shares in thousands): 

Restricted stock activity, excluding the LTIP activity discussed above, for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   is as follows (amounts in thousands except fair value): 

The compensation expense associated with stock-based compensation for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows (amounts in thousands): 

The compensation expense associated with stock-based compensation for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   is recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows (amounts in thousands): 

In the  Operating activities  section of the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, stock-based compensation expense was treated as an adjustment to Net income (loss) for the   quarters and six-month periods ended    
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

September 30, 2016  , and   2015  .   No   stock options were exercised in the   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

Note   10  . Income Taxes 
    
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized   $0.8 million   of income tax expense related to foreign operations.  During the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized   $2.6 million   of income tax expense related to foreign operations.  
    
  During the   quarter ended September 30, 2015  , the Company recognized   $1.4 million   of income tax expense, comprised of   $1.3 million   from foreign operations and   $0.1 million   from state income tax expense.  During the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  , the Company recognized   $1.2 million   of income tax expense, comprised of   $1.6 million   from foreign operations,   $0.6 million   of income tax benefit due to the reduction in the U.S. valuation allowance associated with the acquisition of IntelliData, Inc. ( IntelliData ), and   $0.2 million   of state income tax expense.  
     
  There was   no   U.S. federal income tax benefit from net operating losses for the   quarter and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   due to a valuation allowance recorded on deferred tax assets.  

Note   11  . Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 
    
  The following table presents basic earnings per share ( EPS ) and diluted EPS (amounts in thousands, except per share data):                                 

Common stock equivalents that could potentially dilute net income (loss) per basic share in the future, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the impact would have been anti-dilutive, are as follows (amounts in thousands):                                

23 

Table of Contents  

Note   12  : Derivatives 
  In fiscal year 2015, the Company began using certain derivative instruments (i.e., foreign exchange contracts) to reduce exposure to the volatility of foreign currencies impacting revenues and the costs of its products.   
  Certain operating expenses at the Company s Mexican facilities are paid in Mexican pesos. In order to hedge a portion of these forecasted cash flows, the Company purchases foreign exchange contracts, with terms generally less than twelve months, to buy Mexican pesos for periods and amounts consistent with underlying cash flow exposures. These contracts are designated as cash flow hedges at inception and monitored for effectiveness on a routine basis. There were   $34.4 million   in peso contracts (notional value) outstanding at   September 30, 2016  . 
  The Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions. 
  The Company records and presents the fair values of all of its derivative assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis, since they are subject to master netting agreements.  As of   September 30, 2016  , no netting took place, as all contracts were in the liability position. 
  The balance sheet classifications and fair value of derivative instruments as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (amounts in thousands):  

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments (1) 
      Prepaid and other current assets 
      
    $ 

Accrued expenses 
      
    2,073 

______________________________________________________________________________ 
  (1) Fair Value measured using Level 2 inputs by adjusting the market spot rate by forward points, based on the date of the contract. The spot rates and forward points used are based on an average rate from an actively traded market.  
  The impact on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the   quarter and six month period ended     September 30, 2016   are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Unrealized gains and losses associated with the change in value of these financial instruments are recorded in AOCI. Changes in the derivatives  fair values are deferred and recorded as a component of AOCI until the underlying transaction is settled and recorded to the income statement. When the hedged item affects income, gains or losses are reclassified from AOCI to the Consolidated Statement of Operations as Cost of sales for foreign exchange contracts to purchase such foreign currency. Any ineffectiveness, if material, in the Company s hedging relationships is recognized immediately as a loss, within the same income statement accounts as described above; to date, there has been no ineffectiveness. Changes in derivative balances impact the line items  Prepaid and other assets  and  Accrued Expenses  on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Cash Flows. 

Note   13  . Concentrations of Risks 
    
  The Company sells to customers globally and, as the Company generally does not require collateral from its customers, on a monthly basis the Company evaluates customer account balances in order to assess the Company s financial risks of collection.    One   customer, TTI, Inc., an electronics distributor, accounted for over   10%   of the Company s net sales in the   quarters and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  There were   no   accounts receivable balances from any customer exceeding   10%   of gross accounts receivable as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  . 

24 

     Table of Contents  

Electronics distributors are an important distribution channel in the electronics industry and accounted for   46%   and   42%   of the Company s net sales in the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  As a result of the Company s concentration of sales to electronics distributors, the Company may experience fluctuations in the Company s operating results as electronics distributors experience fluctuations in end-market demand and/or adjust their inventory stocking levels.  

Note   14  . Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements 
    
  The   10.5%   Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior basis by certain of the Company s   100%   owned domestic subsidiaries ( Guarantor Subsidiaries ) and secured by a first priority lien on   51%   of the capital stock of certain of our foreign restricted subsidiaries ( Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries ).  The Company s Guarantor Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries are not consistent with the Company s business groups or geographic operations; accordingly, this basis of presentation is not intended to present the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows for any purpose other than to comply with the specific requirements for subsidiary guarantor reporting. The Company is required to present condensed consolidating financial information in order for the subsidiary guarantors of the Company s public debt to be exempt from reporting under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    
   Condensed consolidating financial statements for the Company s Guarantor Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries are presented in the following tables (amounts in thousands): 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 
  September 30, 2016 
  (Unaudited) 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet (1) 
  March 31, 2016 
  (Unaudited)    

(1)  Derived from audited financial statements. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
  For the   Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 
  (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  Quarter Ended September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 

28 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
  For the   Quarter Ended September 30, 2015    
  (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  For the   Quarter Ended September 30, 2015    
  (Unaudited)     

29 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operation 
  For the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2016 
  (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  For the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2016 
  (Unaudited) 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
  For the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2015 
  (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  For the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2015 
  (Unaudited)     

31 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed  
  Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
  For the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2016 
  (Unaudited) 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
  For the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2015 
  (Unaudited) 

33 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  This report contains certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. Words such as  expects,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates  or other similar expressions and future or conditional verbs such as  will,   should,   would  and  could  are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Readers of this report should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this report as well as those discussed under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors, of the Company s   2016   Annual Report. The statements are representative only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 
    
  All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in our forward-looking statements. We face risks that are inherent in the businesses and the market places in which we operate. While management believes these forward-looking statements are accurate and reasonable, uncertainties, risks and factors, including those described below, could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. 
    
  Factors that may cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:   (i) adverse economic conditions could impact our ability to realize operating plans if the demand for our products declines, and such conditions could adversely affect our liquidity and ability to continue to operate; (ii) continued net losses could impact our ability to realize current operating plans and could materially adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to continue to operate; (iii) adverse economic conditions could cause the write down of long-lived assets or goodwill; (iv) an increase in the cost or a decrease in the availability of our principal or single-sourced purchased materials; (v) changes in the competitive environment; (vi) uncertainty of the timing of customer product qualifications in heavily regulated industries; (vii) economic, political, or regulatory changes in the countries in which we operate; (viii) difficulties, delays or unexpected costs in completing the restructuring plans; (ix) equity method investment in NEC TOKIN exposes us to a variety of risks; (x) acquisitions and other strategic transactions expose us to a variety of risks; (xi) possible acquisition of NEC TOKIN may not achieve all of the anticipated results; (xii) our business could be negatively impacted by increased regulatory scrutiny and litigation; (xiii) inability to attract, train and retain effective employees and management; (xiv) inability to develop innovative products to maintain customer relationships and offset potential price erosion in older products; (xv) exposure to claims alleging product defects; (xvi) the impact of laws and regulations that apply to our business, including those relating to environmental matters; (xvii) the impact of international laws relating to trade, export controls and foreign corrupt practices; (xviii) volatility of financial and credit markets affecting our access to capital; (xix) the need to reduce the total costs of our products to remain competitive; (xx) potential limitation on the use of net operating losses to offset possible future taxable income; (xxi) restrictions in our debt agreements that limit our flexibility in operating our business; (xxii) failure of our information technology systems to function properly or our failure to control unauthorized access to our systems may cause business disruptions; (xxiii) additional exercise of the warrant by K Equity which could potentially result in the existence of a significant stockholder who could seek to influence our corporate decisions; and (xxiv) fluctuation in distributor sales could adversely affect our results of operations.    
    
  Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from those included, contemplated or implied by the forward-looking statements made in this report, and the reader should not consider the above list of factors to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties.  

Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based on the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included herein. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in our   2016   Annual Report. Our critical accounting policies are described under the caption  Critical Accounting Policies  in Item 7 of our   2016   Annual Report. 
    
  Long-Lived Assets 
    
  KEMET Electronics Corporation ( KEC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of KEMET, made the decision to shut-down operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary, KEMET Foil Manufacturing, LLC ( KFM ). Operations at KFM s Knoxville, Tennessee plant ceased as of October 31, 2016. KFM supplied formed foil to Film and Electrolytic, as well as to certain third party customers. We anticipate that Film and Electrolytic will achieve raw material cost savings by purchasing its formed foil  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

from suppliers that have the advantage of lower utility costs. During the second fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, we incurred impairment charges totaling $4.1 million comprised of $3.0 million for the write down of property plant and equipment and $1.1 million for the write down of intangible assets.  The impairment charges are recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations line item  Write down of long-lived assets .  
       
  In addition, due to the operating loss incurred by Film and Electrolytic, we tested its long-lived assets for impairment as of   September 30, 2016   and concluded that they were not impaired. Tests for the recoverability of a long-lived asset to be held and used are performed by comparing the carrying amount of the long-lived asset to the sum of the estimated future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. In estimating the future undiscounted cash flows, we use future projections of cash flows directly associated with, and which are expected to arise as a direct result of, the use and hypothetical disposal (salvage value) of the asset group. These assumptions primarily include the average asset useful life and projections of sales and cost of sales over these asset lives. We will monitor the Film and Electrolytic long-lived assets in future periods as material changes in certain assumptions could have a material effect on the estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. This, in turn, could result in Film and Electrolytic not passing step 1 of the impairment test which would require the us to perform a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the impairment amount (if any). 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments based on historical data and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. In addition, they affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  
    
  Our judgments are based on management s assessment as to the effect certain estimates, assumptions, future trends or events may have on the financial condition and results of operations reported in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. It is important that readers of these unaudited financial statements understand that actual results could differ from these estimates, assumptions, and judgments. 

Business Overview 
    
  KEMET is a leading global manufacturer of a wide variety of capacitors. We compete in the passive electronic component industry, specifically multilayer ceramic, tantalum, film and aluminum (solid   electrolytic) capacitors.  Product offerings include surface mount, which are attached directly to the circuit board; leaded capacitors, which are attached to the circuit board using lead wires; and chassis-mount and other pin-through-hole board-mount capacitors, which utilize attachment methods such as screw terminal and snap-in. Capacitors are electronic components that store, filter, and regulate electrical energy and current flow. As an essential passive component used in nearly all circuit boards, capacitors are typically used for coupling, decoupling, filtering, oscillating and wave shaping and are found in communication systems, servers, personal computers, tablets, cellular phones, automotive electronic systems, defense and aerospace systems, consumer electronics, power management systems and many other electronic devices and systems (basically anything that plugs in or has a battery).   
    
  Manufacturing a broad line of tantalum, multilayer ceramic, solid and electrolytic aluminum and film and paper capacitors, KEMET s product line consists of nearly 5 million distinct part configurations distinguished by various attributes, such as dielectric (or insulating) material, configuration, encapsulation, capacitance level and tolerance, voltage, operating temperature, performance characteristics and packaging. Because most of our customers have multiple capacitance requirements, often within each of their products, our broad product offering allows us to meet the majority of their needs independent of application and end use. 
    
  KEMET operates   nineteen   production facilities in Europe, North America, and Asia, and employs approximately   8,800   employees worldwide. Commodity manufacturing has been substantially relocated to our lower-cost manufacturing facilities in Mexico, China and Europe. Production remaining in the United States focuses primarily on early-stage manufacturing of new products and specialty products for which customers are predominantly located in North America. 
    
  Our products are sold into a wide range of different end markets, including computing, industrial, telecommunications, transportation, consumer, defense and healthcare across all geographic regions. No single end market industry accounted for more than 30% of net sales although, one customer, a distributor, accounted for more than 10% of net sales in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  .  During the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   we introduced 5,850 new products of which 693 were first to market. In addition, we continue to focus on specialty products which accounted for 41.4% of our revenue over this period. 

35 

     Table of Contents  

We believe the long-term demand for capacitors will grow on a regional and global basis due to a variety of factors, including increasing demand for and complexity of electronic products, growing demand for technology in emerging markets and the ongoing development of new solutions for energy generation and conservation. 
    
  We are organized into two business groups: Solid Capacitors business group ( Solid Capacitors ) and the Film and Electrolytic business group ( Film and Electrolytic ).  The business groups are responsible for their respective manufacturing sites as well as all related research and development efforts. Sales, marketing and corporate finance functions are shared by each of the business groups.    

Recent Developments and Trends 
    
  The following items are reflected in the financial statements for the   quarter and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016  : 
    
  Write Down of Long-Lived Assets 
    
  In the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   we recorded a write down of long-lived assets of   $6.2 million   due to the following two actions.  
    
  KEC made the decision to shut-down operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary, KFM as of October 31, 2016. We anticipate that Film and Electrolytic will achieve raw material cost savings by purchasing its formed foil from suppliers that have the advantage of lower utility costs. During the second fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, we incurred impairment charges totaling $4.1 million comprised of $3.0 million for the write down of property plant and equipment and $1.1 million for the write down of intangible assets.  The impairment charges are recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations line item  Write down of long-lived assets . In addition, we accrued severance charges of $0.4 million and restructuring costs of $2.2 million primarily related to contract termination costs.  
    
  Solid Capacitors initiated a plan to relocate its K-Salt operations from a leased facility to our existing Matamoros, Mexico facility which resulted in impairment charges of approximately $2.1 million. In addition, we accrued severance charges of $0.1 million and expects to incur equipment relocation costs of approximately $1.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. 
    
  Equity Investment 
    
  In the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   we recorded equity income related to our 34% economic interest in NEC TOKIN of   $0.2 million  . 
    
  KEC s First and Second Call Options (as defined in Note   6  ,  Investment in NEC TOKIN ) to purchase additional capital stock of NEC TOKIN expired on April 30, 2015 without being exercised. Through May 31, 2018, NEC Corporation of Japan may exercise its Put Option (as defined in Note   6  ,  Investment in NEC TOKIN ), provided that KEC s payment of the Put Option price is permitted under the 10.5% Senior Notes and Loan and Security Agreement. We have marked the Put Option to fair value and in the   quarter and six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   recognized a   $1.6 million   gain and a   $10.4 million   loss, respectively which was included on the line item  Change in Value of the NEC TOKIN option  in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The line item  Other non-current obligations  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets includes   $31.0   million as of   September 30, 2016   related to the Put Option. 
    
  Global Economy 
    
  In June 2016, the United Kingdom voted in a referendum to exit the European Union, commonly referred to as  Brexit . As a result of the referendum, the global markets and currencies have been subject to volatility, including as a result of a decline in the value of the U.K. pound sterling as compared to the U.S. dollar. We have performed a preliminary assessment of the possible impact of Brexit to our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the uncertainty surrounding Brexit is not a material risk to our consolidated financial statements, however, the macroeconomic impact on our results of operations from this vote remains unknown and we will continue to monitor the impact.  

36 

     Table of Contents  

Outlook  
    
    For the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  , we expect net sales to be within the $181 million to $186 million range, a decrease from current quarter due to the normal third quarter decline, with a slight decline in gross margin as a percentage of net sales to between 24.1% and 24.6% and SG A expenses are expected to be in the range of $22.0 million to $22.7 million. We expect to spend in the range of $6 to $8 million in capital expenditures for the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   and $20 to $25 million for the full fiscal year   2017  . 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Consolidated Comparison of the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   with the quarter ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table sets forth the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods indicated (amounts in thousands): 

n.m. - not meaningful 
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Net sales for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   of   $187.3 million     increased     $1.2 million   or   0.6%   from   $186.1 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . Film and Electrolytic net sales decreased   $0.2 million   and Solid Capacitor net sales increased   $1.4 million  . For Film and Electrolytic, the decrease in net sales was primarily related to lower net sales in the Europe Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) region due to a decline in market conditions within the Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEM ) channel, partially offset by an increase in net sales in the Asia distribution channel.  The increase in Solid Capacitors net sales is primarily related to a significant increase in net sales in the Asia and Pacific Rim ( APAC ) and EMEA regions within the distributor channel. The increase in distributor channel sales was somewhat offset by a decrease in Tantalum sales in the APAC Electronics Manufacturing Service Providers ( EMS ) sector and the Americas and EMEA OEM sector. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

The following table reflects the percentage of net sales by region for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The following table reflects the percentage of net sales by channel for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Gross Margin 
    
  Gross margin for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   of   $46.4 million   (  24.8%   of net sales) increased   $3.6 million   or   8.4%   from   $42.8 million   (  23.0%   of net sales) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . Solid Capacitors gross margin increased   $4.2 million   or   10.6%   primarily due to an increase in net sales and continued variable margin improvement due to our restructuring efforts, vertical integration, the favorable foreign currency impact on manufacturing costs, manufacturing process improvements as a result of our cost reduction activities and our partnership with NEC TOKIN. Film and Electrolytic gross margin decreased   $0.6 million   or   19.0%   due to a decrease in net sales and unfavorable shift in product mix.  

Selling, general and administrative expenses ( SG A ) 
    
  SG A expenses of   $26.0 million   (  13.9%   of net sales) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     increased     $3.0 million   or   13.2%   from   $22.9 million   (  12.3%   of net sales) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase is attributable primarily to the following items: a $1.5 million increase in ERP integration and technology transition costs, a $0.4 million increase in professional fees, a $0.3 million increase in software expenses, a $0.3 million increase in legal expenses primarily related to ongoing antitrust lawsuits, a $0.3 million increase in depreciation expense, and a $0.2 million increase in advertising and promotions expense. 
    
  Research and development ( R D ) 
    
  R D expenses of   $7.1 million   (  3.8%   of net sales) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     increased     $1.0 million   or   15.7%   compared to   $6.2 million   (  3.3%   of net sales) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase is primarily related to a $0.4 million increase in payroll-related expenses and benefits. 

Restructuring charges 
    
  Restructuring charges of   $4.0 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     increased     $4.0 million   from   $23 thousand   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .   
    
  We incurred   $4.0 million   in restructuring charges in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   including   $1.4 million   in personnel reduction costs and   $2.6 million   in manufacturing relocation and exit costs. The personnel reduction costs of   $1.4 million   consist of   $0.4 million   in   headcount reductions related to the shut-down of operations for KFM in Knoxville, Tennessee  ,   $0.4 million     related to the consolidation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing in Matamoros, Mexico  ,   $0.3 million   in U.S. headcount reductions related to the relocation of global marketing functions to our Fort Lauderdale, Florida office,   $0.2 million   related to   overhead reductions as we relocate the R D operations from Weymouth, England to Evora, Portugal  , and   $0.1 million   in   manufacturing headcount reductions related to the relocation of the K-Salt operations to the existing Matamoros, Mexico plant.    The manufacturing relocation and exit costs of   $2.6 million   primarily consists of   $2.2 million     related to contract termination costs related to the shut-down of operations for KFM  ,   $0.3 million   related to   transfers of  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

Film and Electrolytic production lines and R D functions to lower cost regions  , and   $0.1 million   related to the   transfer of certain Tantalum production from Simpsonville, South Carolina to Victoria, Mexico  . 
       
  We incurred   $23 thousand   in restructuring charges in the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   including a credit to personnel reduction costs of   $0.4 million   and   $0.5 million   in manufacturing relocation costs.  The credit to personnel reduction costs of   $0.4 million   is due primarily to a   $1.2 million   reversal of a severance accrual in Italy. We originally recorded the accrual in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 corresponding with a plan to reduce headcount by 50 employees.  Under the plan, 24 employees were terminated. However, due to unexpected workforce attrition combined with achieving other cost reduction goals,we decided not to complete the remaining headcount reduction.  Consequently, we reversed the remaining accrual during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. This was partially offset by the following expenses:   $0.5 million   for   headcount reductions in Matamoros, Mexico related to the relocation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing from Matamoros, Mexico to Victoria, Mexico  , and   $0.2 million   for headcount reductions related to the outsourcing our information technology function and overhead reductions in North America and Europe.  We also incurred   $0.5 million   of manufacturing relocation costs for transfers of Film and Electrolytic production lines to lower cost regions. 
    
  Operating income (loss) 
    
  Operating income of   $3.1 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     declined     $10.9 million   from operating income of   $14.0 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decline in operating income was primarily attributable to a   $6.2 million   write down of long-lived assets in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , a   $4.0 million     increase   in restructuring charge, a   $3.0 million     increase   in SG A expenses, a   $1.0 million     increase   in R D expenses and a   $0.4 million   change in the loss on disposal of assets. These declines  to operating income were partially offset by a   $3.6 million     improvement   in gross margin.  

Write Down of Long-Lived Assets 
    
  In the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   we recorded a write down of long-lived assets of   $6.2 million   due to the following two actions.   
       
  KEC made the decision to shut-down operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary, KFM. Operations at KFM s Knoxville, Tennessee plant ceased as of October 31, 2016. During the second fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, we incurred impairment charges totaling $4.1 million comprised of $3.0 million for the write down of property plant and equipment and $1.1 million for the write down of intangible asset.  
    
  Solid Capacitors initiated a plan to relocate the equipment at our leased K-Salt facility to our existing Matamoros, Mexico facility which resulted in impairment charges of approximately $2.1 million. 
    
  Non-operating (income) expense, net 
    
  Non-operating (income) expense, net was a net expense of   $7.4 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a net expense of   $5.5 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . The change is primarily attributable to a $2.4 million net unfavorable change in foreign currency exchange gain/(loss), which was primarily due to the change in the value of the Euro and Mexican Peso compared to the U.S. dollar. In addition, we incurred a   $0.6 million   unfavorable change in the gain/(loss) from the change in value of the NEC TOKIN option during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  

Income taxes 
    
  Income tax expense of   $0.8 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     decreased     $0.6 million   compared to income tax expense of   $1.4 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  Income tax expense of   $0.8 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   was related to foreign operations.  Income tax expense of   $1.4 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   was comprised of   $1.3 million   related to foreign operations and   $0.1 million   of state income tax expense.  
    
  There was   no   U.S. federal income tax benefit from net operating losses for the   quarters ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   due to a valuation allowance recorded on deferred tax assets.  

39 

     Table of Contents  

Equity income (loss) from NEC TOKIN 
    
  Equity income related to our 34% economic interest in NEC TOKIN of   $0.2 million   was flat for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   over the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . The net flat results were comprised of the following changes: a $1.2 million unfavorable change in the foreign currency translation gains (losses) and a $0.2 million increase in accrued antitrust and civil litigation fines during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  Offsetting these unfavorable items were:  a $0.7 million increase in gross margin (including $1.5 million favorable impact from foreign currency exchange fluctuation)   and a   $0.2 million favorable change in selling, general and administrative expenses (including a $1.2 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency change fluctuation) in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  In addition, a $0.9 million recovery from a loss on foreign currency forward contract was recognized in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to none in the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  The actual decline in gross margin excluding foreign currency exchange impact was due primarily to a decrease in sales.  Also, the favorable change in selling, general and administrative expenses include a $1.0 million decrease in legal expenses relating to antitrust lawsuits.     

Business Groups Comparison of the Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016   with the Quarter Ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table reflects each business group s net sales and operating income (loss), for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

Solid Capacitors 
    
  The following table sets forth net sales, operating income (loss), and operating income (loss) as a percentage of net sales for our Solid Capacitors business group for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands, except percentages): 

Net sales 
    
  Solid Capacitors net sales of   $142.6 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     increased     $1.4 million   or   1.0%   from   $141.3 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase was driven by a significant increase in net sales in the APAC and EMEA regions within the distributor channel. The increase in distributor channel sales was somewhat offset by a decrease in Tantalum product line sales in the EMS sector of the APAC region and the OEM sector of the Americas and EMEA regions.  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of Solid Capacitors net sales by channel is shown below (amounts in thousands): 

Segment operating income (loss) 
    
  Segment operating income of   $35.4 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     improved     $1.4 million   or   4.2%   from   $34.0 million   in the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in operating income is primarily a result of a   $4.2 million   improvement in gross margin. Improvements in gross margin are driven by an increase in net sales and continued variable margin improvement due to our restructuring efforts, vertical integration, the favorable foreign currency impact on manufacturing costs, and manufacturing process improvements as a result of our cost reduction activities and our partnership with NEC TOKIN.  The gross margin improvement was partially offset by a   $0.7 million     increase   in R D and   $2.1 million   in  impairment charges resulting from the plan to relocate the K-Salt facility equipment to the existing Matamoros Mexico plant. 

Film and Electrolytic 
    
  The following table sets forth net sales, operating income (loss), and operating income (loss) as a percentage of net sales for our Film and Electrolytic business group for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands, except percentages): 

Net sales 
    
  Film and Electrolytic net sales of   $44.7 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     decreased     $0.2 million   or   0.4%   from   $44.8 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease is due to lower net sales in the EMEA region due to a decline in market conditions within the OEM channel, partially offset by an increase in net sales in the Asia distribution sales channel.  Included in the decrease to net sales was an unfavorable impact of $0.1 million from foreign currency exchange due primarily to the change in the value of the Euro compared to the U.S. dollar. 
    
  Segment operating income (loss) 
    
  Segment operating loss of   $7.1 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   declined   $9.3 million   from segment operating income of   $2.2 million   in the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in segment operating income (loss) was driven by the following: impairment charges of   $4.1 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (comprised of a $3.0 million for the write down of property plant and equipment and $1.1 million for the write down of intangible assets), a   $3.9 million   increase in restructuring charges during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , a gross margin decline of   $0.6 million   related to an unfavorable shift in product mix,   an increase of     $0.4 million   in other operating expenses and a   $0.3 million   increase in R D expenses.  

41 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Comparison of the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2016   with the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table sets forth the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

n.m. - not meaningful 
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Net sales of   $372.2 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016     decreased     $1.5 million   or   0.4%   from   $373.7 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . Solid Capacitors net sales increased   $3.6 million   driven by an increase in distribution channel sales specifically in the APAC and EMEA regions.  The increase in distribution channel sales was partially offset by declining sales in the OEM sectors of the Americas and APAC regions and the EMS sector of the APAC region.  In addition, Solid Capacitor net sales were favorably impacted by   $0.5 million   from foreign currency exchange primarily due to the change in the value of the Euro compared to the U.S. dollar. Film and Electrolytic net sales   decreased     $5.1 million   driven primarily by decreased sales in the EMEA and Americas regions which was partially offset by improved net sales in the APAC region.  Pa  rtially offsetting this decrease was a favorable     impact of $0.6 million from foreign currency exchange due mainly to the change in the value of the Euro compared to the U.S. dollar.  
    
  The following table reflects the percentage of net sales by region for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

42 

     Table of Contents  

The following table reflects the percentage of net sales by channel for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

Gross Margin 
    
  Gross margin of   $88.9 million   (  23.9%   of net sales) for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016     increased     $6.4 million   or   7.8%   from   $82.5 million   (  22.1%   of net sales) for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   and gross margin as a percentage of net sales improved   180   basis points.  The primary contributor to the increase was an increase in Solid Capacitor gross margin of   $9.3 million   due to the increase in net sales and an improvement in variable margin corresponding with our restructuring plan, cost reduction activities, vertical integration, the favorable foreign currency impact to manufacturing costs, and manufacturing process improvements as a result of our cost reduction activities and our partnership with NEC TOKIN. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in gross margin for Film and Electrolytic of   $2.8 million   driven by lower revenue as well as an unfavorable shift in product mix associated with lower OEM sales volumes. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  SG A expenses of   $51.9 million   (  13.9%   of net sales) for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016     decreased     $1.5 million   or   2.8%   compared to   $53.4 million   (  14.3%   of net sales) for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2015  . The     decrease consists primarily of the following items: a $1.1 million decrease in ERP integration and technology transition costs, a $0.8 million decrease related to the change in the allocation of IT and other costs between SG A and cost of goods sold following an internal usage study, a $0.4 million decrease in non-income-related taxes, a $0.4 million decrease in employee development and training expenses, and a $0.3 million decrease in office equipment and hardware lease expenses. These decreases were partially offset by a $0.4 million increase in payroll, commissions, and related expenses and benefits; a $0.3 million increase in software-related expenses; a $0.3 million increase in legal expenses primarily related to ongoing antitrust lawsuits; a $0.3 million increase in depreciation expense; and a $0.2 million increase in professional fees. 
    
  Research and Development 
    
  R D expenses of   $14.0 million   (  3.8%   of net sales) for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016     increased     $1.6 million   or   13.1%   compared to   $12.4 million   (  3.3%   of net sales) for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2015  . The increase is primarily related to a $0.9 million increase in payroll-related expenses and benefits. 

Restructuring Charges 
    
  Restructuring charges of   $4.7 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016     increased     $2.8 million   or   153.7%   from   $1.8 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  .  
    
  Restructuring charges in the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   included   $2.1 million   of personnel reduction costs and   $2.6 million   of manufacturing relocation and exit costs. The personnel reduction costs of   $2.1 million   consist of   $0.4 million   in   headcount reductions related to the shut-down of operations for KFM in Knoxville, Tennessee  ,   $0.5 million     related to the consolidation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing in Matamoros, Mexico  ,   $0.3 million   for   overhead reductions in Sweden  ,   $0.3 million   in U.S. headcount reductions related to the relocation of global marketing functions to our Fort Lauderdale, Florida office,   $0.2 million   related to   overhead reductions as we relocate the R D operations from Weymouth, England to Evora, Portugal  ,   $0.2 million     related to headcount reductions in Europe (primarily Italy and Landsberg, Germany) corresponding with the relocation of certain production lines and laboratories to lower cost regions  , and   $0.1 million   in   manufacturing headcount reductions related to the relocation of the K-Salt operations to the existing Matamoros, Mexico plant.    The manufacturing relocation and exit costs of   $2.6 million   primarily consists of   $2.2 million     related to contract termination costs related to the shut-down of operations for KFM  ,   $0.3 million   related to   transfers of Film and Electrolytic production lines  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

and R D functions to lower cost regions  , and   $0.1 million   related to the   transfer of certain Tantalum production from Simpsonville, South Carolina to Victoria, Mexico  . 
    
  We incurred   $1.8 million   in restructuring charges in the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2015   comprised of   $1.1 million   of personnel reduction costs and   $0.7 million   in manufacturing relocation costs. The personnel reduction costs of   $1.1 million   consist of the following:   $0.6 million     related to a headcount reduction in Suzhou, China for the Film and Electrolytic production line transfer from Suzhou, China to Anting, China  ,   $0.4 million   for   headcount reductions in Europe (primarily Landsberg, Germany)  ,   $0.8 million   for   headcount reductions in Matamoros, Mexico related to the relocation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing from Matamoros, Mexico to Victoria, Mexico  , and   $0.4 million   for headcount reductions related to the outsourcing of our information technology function and overhead reductions in North America and Europe.  These personnel reduction costs were partially offset by a   $1.2 million   reversal of a severance accrual in Italy.  We also incurred   $0.7 million   of manufacturing relocation costs for transfers of Film and Electrolytic production lines to lower cost regions. 
    
  Operating Income (Loss) 
    
  KEMET s operating income of   $11.9 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  , declined   $3.3 million   from the operating income of   $15.2 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . The decline is attributable primarily to a   $6.2 million   write-down of long-lived assets in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  , a  $2.8 million   increase in restructuring charges, a   $1.6 million     increase   in R D expenses and a   $0.5 million   change in the loss on disposal of fixed assets. These declines were partially offset by a   $6.4 million     improvement   in gross margin and a   $1.5 million     decrease   in SG A expense. 

Write Down of Long-Lived Assets 
    
  In the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   we recorded a write down of long-lived assets of   $6.2 million   due to the following two actions.   
       
  KEC made the decision to shut-down operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary, KFM. Operations at KFM s Knoxville, Tennessee plant ceased as of October 31, 2016. During the second fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, we incurred impairment charges totaling $4.1 million comprised of $3.0 million for the write down of property plant and equipment and $1.1 million for the write down of intangible asset. 
    
  Solid Capacitors initiated a plan to relocate the equipment at our leased K-Salt facility to our existing Matamoros, Mexico facility which resulted in impairment charges of approximately $2.1 million. 
    
  Non-operating (Income) Expense, net 
    
  Non-operating (income) expense, net was an expense of   $26.9 million   for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to an expense of   $45.6 million   for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2015  . The decrease is primarily due to the recognition of a   $10.4 million   decrease in the value of the NEC TOKIN option for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   compared to a   $27.0 million   decrease in the value of the NEC TOKIN option for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2015  . We received $0.5 million from insurance proceeds and recognized a $0.1 million discount on debt payments during the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  . We had a $2.6 million foreign currency exchange gain during the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   compared to a $2.1 million foreign currency exchange gain for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2015  , which was primarily due to the change in the value of the Euro and Mexican Peso compared to the U.S. dollar. 

Income Taxes 
    
  Income tax expense of   $2.6 million   for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   increased   $1.4 million   compared to income tax expense of   $1.2 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  .  Income tax expense of   $2.6 million   for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   was related to foreign operations.  Income tax expense of   $1.2 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   was comprised of   $1.6 million   related to foreign operations,   $0.6 million   of income tax benefit due to the reduction in the U.S. valuation allowance associated with the acquisition of IntelliData, and   $0.2 million   of state income tax expense. 
    
  There was no U.S. federal income tax benefit from net operating losses for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   due to a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 

44 

     Table of Contents  

Equity Income (Loss) from NEC TOKIN 
    
  Equity income related to our 34% economic interest in NEC TOKIN decreased by   $1.3 million   to equity income of   $0.4 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   compared to equity income of   $1.7 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  .  The decrease for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   is primarily comprised of the following: a $1.4 million unfavorable change in the foreign currency translation gains (losses), a $0.4 million increase in step up basis adjustment amortization and a $0.3 million increase in accrued antitrust and civil litigation fines. In addition, there was a $1.0 million favorable legal settlement in Hong Kong for the   quarter ended September 30, 2015   and no similar activity in the   quarter ended September 30, 2016  . Partially offsetting these unfavorable items was a $1.4 million increase in gross margin (of which $2.3 million was a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange fluctuation) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  The actual decline in gross margin excluding foreign currency exchange impact was due primarily to a decrease in sales.  

Business Groups Comparison of the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2016   with the   Six-Month Period Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table reflects each business group s net sales and operating income (loss) for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

Solid Capacitors 
    
  The following table sets forth net sales, operating income and operating income as a percentage of net sales for our Solid Capacitors business group for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands, except percentages): 

45 

     Table of Contents  

Net Sales 
    
  Solid Capacitors net sales of   $284.6 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016     increased     $3.6 million   or   1.3%   from   $281.0 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  .  Tantalum product line net sales of   $166.2 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  ,   decreased     $6.3 million   or   3.6%   from   $172.5 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . Tantalum sales were unfavorably impacted by a decrease in net sales in the APAC region in the EMS and OEM sectors.  Ceramic net sales of   $118.4 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016     increased     $9.9 million   or   9.1%   from   $108.5 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  .  The Ceramic increase in sales was driven by increases in distribution channel sales specifically in the America and EMEA regions.  Included in the overall increase in net sales was a favorable impact of   $0.5 million   from foreign currency exchange primarily due to the change in the value of the Euro compared to the U.S. dollar. 

Segment Operating Income (Loss) 
    
  Segment operating income of   $70.5 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016     increased     $6.5 million   or   10.1%   from   $64.0 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in operating income was attributable primarily to an increase in gross margin of   $9.3 million   due to an increase in net sales, cost improvements in vertical integration, favorable foreign currency impact to manufacturing costs, and manufacturing process improvements as a result of our cost reduction activities and our partnership with NEC TOKIN, a   $0.1 million   decrease in restructuring charges, and   $0.1 million   lower operating expenses.  Partially offsetting these improvements were a   $0.9 million   increase in R D expenses and   $2.1 million   in non-cash impairment charges resulting from the plan to relocate the K-Salt facility equipment to the existing Matamoros Mexico plant. 

Film and Electrolytic 
    
  The following table sets forth net sales, operating income (loss) and operating income (loss) as a percentage of net sales for our Film and Electrolytic business group for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands, except percentages): 

Net Sales 
    
  Film and Electrolytic net sales of   $87.7 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016     decreased     $5.1 million   or   5.5%   from   $92.8 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . The decrease was driven by a   $6.2 million   decrease in net sales in the EMEA and Americas regions due to a decline in market conditions and declines within the OEM channel corresponding with the relocation of our manufacturing line from Germany to Macedonia.  This decrease was partially offset by a $0.6 million favorable impact from foreign currency exchange primarily due to the change in the value of the Euro compared to the U.S. dollar. 

46 

     Table of Contents  

Segment Operating Income (Loss) 
    
  Segment operating loss of   $8.6 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  ,   decreased     $11.5 million   from segment operating income of   $2.9 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  .  The decline was primarily attributable to a   $2.8 million   decrease in gross margin driven by lower revenue as well as an unfavorable shift in product mix associated with lower OEM sales volumes, a   $3.1 million   increase in restructuring charges, impairment charges of   $4.1 million   (comprised of $1.1 million for the write off of intangible assets and $3.0 million for the write down of property plant and equipment),   $0.6 million   in increased R D spending, a   $0.7 million   increase in other operating expenses due primarily to a gain on disposal of fixed assets recognized in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   for which there was no such gain in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  , and   $0.2 million   related to increased SG A charges.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Our liquidity needs arise from working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, principal and interest payments on debt, and costs associated with the implementation of our restructuring plans. Historically, our cash needs have been met by cash flows from operations, borrowings under our loan agreements, and existing cash balances. 
    
  10.5% Senior Notes 
    
  On May 10, 2016, we repurchased and retired $2.0 million of its   10.5%   Senior Notes. As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , we had outstanding   $353.0 million   and   $355.0 million  , respectively in aggregate principal amount of our   10.5%   Senior Notes due May 1, 2018 (the  10.5% Senior Notes ).  
    
  Revolving Line of Credit 
    
  On May 2, 2016, the Loan and Security Agreement dated September 30, 2010, as amended, by and among KEMET Electronics Corporation ( KEC ), KEMET Electronics Marketing (S) Pte. Ltd., KEMET Foil Manufacturing, LLC ( KEMET Foil ), KEMET Blue Powder Corporation ( KEMET Blue Powder ), The Forest Electric Company and the financial institutions party thereto (the  Loan and Security Agreement ), was amended and, as a result, the revolving credit facility increased to $65.0 million. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had the following activity and resulting balances under its revolving line of credit (amounts in thousands, excluding percentages):   
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
  (1) For U.S. borrowings, Base Rate plus   1.50%  , as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement. 
  (2)  For Singapore borrowings, London Interbank Offer Rate ( LIBOR ), plus a spread of   2.50%   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  (3) We have the intent and ability to extend the due date on the Singapore borrowings beyond one year.   
  These were the only borrowings under the revolving line of credit as of   September 30, 2016  . 
       
  Short-term Liquidity 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents as of   September 30, 2016   of   $74.8 million     increased     $9.7 million   from   $65.0 million   as of   March 31, 2016  . Our net working capital (current assets less current liabilities) as of   September 30, 2016   was   $236.4 million   compared to   $228.8 million   as of   March 31, 2016  . Cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries totaled   $25.7 million   and   $28.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. Our operating income outside the U.S. is no longer deemed to be permanently reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. As a result, we set up a deferred tax liability as of March 31, 2015 on the undistributed foreign earnings which was offset by a reduction in the valuation allowance on our deferred tax  
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

assets. However, we currently do not intend nor foresee a need to repatriate cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S., we may be required to accrue U.S. withholding taxes on the distributed foreign earnings. 
    
  Based on our current operating plans, we believe domestic cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund our operating requirements for the next twelve months, including   $38.4 million   in interest payments, $20.0 million to $25.0 million in expected capital expenditures and   $4.1 million   in restructuring payments. As of   September 30, 2016  , our borrowing capacity under the revolving line of credit was   $31.1 million  . The revolving line of credit expires on   December 19, 2019  .  
    
  Should we require more capital than is generated by our operations or available through our revolving line of credit, we could attempt to raise capital through debt issuances or the sale of certain non-core assets. However, due to market conditions beyond our control, there can be no assurance that we would be able to complete such an offering or sale transaction. The incurrence of additional debt may result in increased interest expense. 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents   increased     $9.7 million   for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  , as compared with a   decrease   of   $19.0 million   during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . 
    
  The following table provides a summary of cash flows for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 

Operating 
    
  Cash   provided by   operating activities during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   of   $23.0 million   increased   $34.0 million   compared to cash   used in   operating activities of   $10.9 million   in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . This favorable change in operating cash was primarily a result of a $12.7 million lower net loss for the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   as well as our non-cash write down of long-lived assets of   $6.2 million   during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  . These changes were largely offset by a $16.6 million decrease in the non-cash loss related to the change in value of the NEC TOKIN option. 
    
  Also contributing to the positive changes in cash was a   $16.2 million   improvement in cash from operating assets primarily due to a decrease in inventory of $2.4 million in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   compared to a $10.5 million increase in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in inventory as of September 30, 2015 was primarily related to an increase of Film and Electrolytic s inventory in preparation for the temporary shut-down of production lines to relocate the production lines. Additionally, in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  , a decrease in accounts receivable generated $4.8 million compared to the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  , during which accounts receivable increased by $2.3 million. 
    
         In addition to the positive changes noted above, changes in operating liabilities resulted in a   $12.7 million     increase   in cash during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . This   increase   in cash is primarily related to using $10.9 million of cash during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   to reduce accrued expenses compared to only using $2.1 million of cash during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   to reduce accrued expenses. The primary reason for the change in accrued expenses is due to a $7.6 million change for our incentive-based compensation largely related to payment timing differences. The remainder of the increase in cash resulting from the change in operating liabilities is due to the timing of supplier payments. 

48 

     Table of Contents  

Investing 
    
  Cash   used in   investing activities during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   of   $10.3 million   reflects a   $1.6 million   decrease compared to cash   used in   investing activities of   $11.9 million   in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  . The improvement is primarily related to cash used for the acquisition of IntelliData of   $2.9 million   in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   compared to no acquisitions in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Cash   used in   investing activities during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   include capital expenditures of   $10.3 million   primarily related to expanding capacity at our manufacturing facilities in Evora, Portugal; Suzhou, China; and Monterrey, Mexico as well as information technology and ERP software upgrade projects in Simpsonville, South Carolina. 
  In comparison, cash   used in   investing activities during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   included   $9.3 million   used for capital expenditures primarily related to expanding capacity at our manufacturing facilities in Gr nna, Sweden; Suzhou, China; and information technology projects in Simpsonville, South Carolina. During this same period, we also received $0.2 million in proceeds from sales of assets. 
  Financing 
    
  Cash   used in   financing activities during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016   of   $2.5 million   reflects a   $5.9 million   change from cash   provided by   financing activities of   $3.4 million   in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  , primarily due to a decrease in net proceeds from the revolving line of credit of   $4.5 million   in the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015   compared to no borrowings in the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  During the   six-month period ended September 30, 2016  , we used   $1.9 million   to retire $2.0 million face value of our 10.5% Senior Notes and also used   $0.6 million   for the purchase of treasury stock related to shares withheld to pay taxes due upon the vesting of restricted stock. In comparison, during the   six-month period ended September 30, 2015  , we used   $0.5 million   for foreign subsidiary debt payments and   $0.6 million   for the purchase of treasury stock, again related to shares withheld to pay taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock. 

Commitments 
    
  With the exception of our purchase commitments, our commitments have not materially changed from those disclosed in the Company s   2016   Annual Report.  Due to a delay in one of our contracts, an update to our purchase commitments is as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Non-U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (     GAAP ) Financial Measures  
    
  To complement our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Cash Flows, we use non-U.S. GAAP financial measures of Adjusted gross margin, Adjusted operating income (loss), Adjusted net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA.  Management believes that Adjusted gross margin, Adjusted operating income (loss), Adjusted net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA are complements to U.S. GAAP amounts and such measures are useful to investors. The presentation of these non-U.S. GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. 

49 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides reconciliation from U.S. GAAP Gross margin to Non-U.S. GAAP Adjusted gross margin (amounts in thousands, except percentages): 

The following table provides reconciliation from U.S. GAAP Operating income (loss) to non-U.S. GAAP Adjusted operating income (loss) (amounts in thousands): 

50 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides reconciliation from U.S. GAAP Net income (loss) to non-U.S. GAAP Adjusted net income (loss) (amounts in thousands):            

(1)  The income tax effect of the excluded items is calculated by applying the applicable jurisdictional income tax rate, considering the deferred tax valuation for each applicable jurisdiction. 
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides reconciliation from U.S. GAAP Net income (loss) to non-U.S. GAAP Adjusted EBITDA (amounts in thousands): 

Adjusted gross margin represents net sales less cost of sales excluding adjustments which are outlined in the quantitative reconciliation provided above. We use Adjusted gross margin to facilitate our analysis and understanding of our business operations by excluding the items outlined in the quantitative reconciliation provided above which might otherwise make comparisons of our ongoing business with prior periods more difficult and obscure trends in ongoing operations. The Company believes that Adjusted gross margin is useful to investors because it provides a supplemental way to understand the underlying operating performance of the Company. Adjusted gross margin should not be considered as an alternative to gross margin or any other performance measure derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
    
  Adjusted operating income (loss) represents operating income (loss), excluding adjustments which are outlined in the quantitative reconciliation provided above. We use Adjusted operating income (loss) to facilitate our analysis and understanding of our business operations by excluding the items outlined in the quantitative reconciliation provided above which might otherwise make comparisons of our ongoing business with prior periods more difficult and obscure trends in ongoing operations. The Company believes that Adjusted operating income (loss) is useful to investors to provide a supplemental way to understand our underlying operating performance and monitor and understand changes in our ability to generate income from ongoing business operations. Adjusted operating income (loss) should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or any other performance measure derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
    
  Adjusted net income (loss) represents net income (loss), excluding adjustments which are more specifically outlined in the quantitative reconciliation provided above. We use Adjusted net income (loss) to evaluate our operating performance by excluding the items outlined in the quantitative reconciliation provided above which might otherwise make comparisons of our ongoing business with prior periods more difficult and obscure trends in ongoing operations. The Company believes that Adjusted net income (loss) is useful to investors because it provides a supplemental way to understand our underlying operating performance and allows investors to monitor and understand changes in our ability to generate income from ongoing business operations. Adjusted net income (loss) should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) from continuing operations, operating income (loss) or any other performance measures derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

52 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted EBITDA represents net income (loss) before interest expense, net, income tax expense (benefit), and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding adjustments which are outlined in the quantitative reconciliation provided above. We present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance and ability to service debt. We also present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe this measure is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in our industry. Adjusted EBITDA is also used as a measure to determine incentive compensation. 
    
  We believe Adjusted EBITDA is an appropriate supplemental measure of debt service capacity because cash expenditures on interest are, by definition, available to pay interest, and tax expense is inversely correlated to interest expense because tax expense goes down as deductible interest expense goes up; and depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges. The other items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are excluded in order to better reflect our continuing operations. 
    
  In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments noted above. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by these types of adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of our financial performance under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. 
    
  Our Adjusted EBITDA measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
             
    it does not reflect our cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
                
    it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
                
    it does not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
                
    although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and our Adjusted EBITDA measure does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
                
    it is not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in our statements of cash flows; 
                
    it does not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; 
                
    it does not reflect limitations on or costs related to transferring earnings from our subsidiaries to us; and 
                
    other companies in our industry may calculate this measure differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
       
  Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as a measure of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our U.S. GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA as supplementary information.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  Other than operating lease commitments, we are not a party to any material off-balance sheet financing arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
     New accounting standards adopted/issued 
    
    In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,     Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The update clarifies how cash receipts and cash payments in certain transactions are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The effective date of this update is for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The update requires retrospective application to all periods presented but may be applied  
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

prospectively if retrospective application is impracticable. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this principle on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
       
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation. This guidance changes several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (1) Accounting and Cash Flow Classification for Excess Tax Benefits and Deficiencies, (2) Forfeitures, and (3) Tax Withholding Requirements and Cash Flow Classification. This ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted, and KEMET adopted ASU No. 2016-09 as of April 1, 2016. The Company elected to discontinue estimating forfeitures that are expected to occur and recorded a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings of $130,000 as of April 1, 2016. There was no cumulative adjustment related to the excess tax benefits as the Company did not have an additional paid in capital pool of excess tax benefits. The adoption did not have a significant impact to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases. The ASU requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all of their leases (other than short-term leases). The guidance is to be applied using a modified retrospective approach at the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. This ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted. We are currently in the process of assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The ASU requires an entity that uses first-in, first-out or average cost to measure its inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. ASU 2015-11 was effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning April 1, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-11 did not materially impact the Company s operating results and financial position. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The ASU specifies that debt issuance costs related to a note shall be reported in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the face amount of the note.   In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) - Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements, which clarifies the treatment of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements that were not specifically addressed in ASU 2015-03. ASU 2015-15 states that entities may elect to continue to treat debt issuance costs associated with lines of credit as an asset, consistent with current treatment. The Company adopted these ASUs in the first quarter of 2017.   The ASUs did not impact the Company s results of operations or liquidity. The balance sheet as of March 31, 2016 has been adjusted to reflect retrospective application of the new accounting guidance as follows (amounts in thousands): 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern. The new guidance requires management to assess if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern for each annual and interim period. If conditions or events give rise to substantial doubt, disclosures are required. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter; early application is permitted. This new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

54 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which supersedes existing accounting standards for revenue recognition and creates a single framework. The new guidance requires either a retrospective or a modified retrospective approach at adoption. Early adoption is permitted, but not before Company s fiscal year that begins on April 1, 2017 (the original effective date of the ASU). Additional updates to Topic 606 issued by the FASB in 2015 and 2016 include the following: 
             
    ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, which defers the effective date of the new guidance such that the new provisions will now be required for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 (ASU 2015-14 is effective for the Company s fiscal year that begins on April 1, 2018 and interim periods within that fiscal year). 
                
    ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations, which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net).  
                
    ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which clarifies the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and classifying licensing arrangements. 
                
    ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which clarifies the implementation guidance in a number of other areas.  
       
  The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact the adoption of the new revenue standards will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, as well as the available transition methods. 
    
  There are currently no other accounting standards that have been issued that will have a significant impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  There have been no material changes regarding the Company s market risk position from the information included in the Company s   2016   Annual Report.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.  Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

55 

Table of Contents  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    
   Item 3. Legal Proceedings  of our   2016   Annual Report includes a discussion of our legal proceedings.  There have been no material changes from the Company s legal proceedings described in our   2016   Annual Report, except as follows: KEMET s motion for summary judgment in the previously disclosed purported antitrust class action complaint,   In re: Capacitors Antitrust Litigation,   No. 3:14-cv-03264-JD, filed on March 30, 2016, has been terminated by the United States District Court, Northern District of California, which is deferring all such motions to later in the case.  KEMET s motion is likely to be amended and possibly consolidated with other defendants' summary judgment motions, pursuant to a schedule yet to be determined by the Court. For an update on certain legal matters concerning NEC TOKIN, our equity method investee, see Note   6  ,  Investment in NEC TOKIN.  

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors, of the Company s   2016   Annual Report.  

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  The following table provides information relating to our purchase of shares of our common stock during the   quarter ended September 30, 2016   (amounts in thousands, except per share price): 

(1) Represents shares withheld by the Company upon vesting of restricted stock to pay taxes due. The Company does not currently have a publicly announced share repurchase plan or program. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Not applicable.  

Item 5. Other Information 
    
  None. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
    
  Exhibit 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Principal Executive Officer 
    
  Exhibit 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Principal Financial Officer 
    
  Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certification - Principal Executive Officer 
    
  Exhibit 32.2 Section 1350 Certification - Principal Financial Officer 

56 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit 101 The following financial information from KEMET Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i)  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the quarters and   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , and (iv) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

57 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 2, 2016 

KEMET Corporation 

By: 
    /s/ WILLIAM M. LOWE, JR. 

William M. Lowe, Jr. 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

(Duly Authorized Officer) 

58 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
  Exhibit 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Principal Executive Officer 
    
  Exhibit 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Principal Financial Officer 
    
  Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certification - Principal Executive Officer 
    
  Exhibit 32.2 Section 1350 Certification - Principal Financial Officer 
    
  Exhibit 101 The following financial information from KEMET Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i)  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the quarters and   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   six-month periods ended September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , and (iv) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kem-fy170930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER    
  I, Per-Olof Loof, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of KEMET Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
                    Date: November 2, 2016 

/s/ PER-OLOF LOOF 
        
    Per-Olof Loof 
        
    Chief Executive Officer and Director 

1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kem-fy170930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
     CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  I, William M. Lowe, Jr., certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of KEMET Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                    Date: November 2, 2016 

/s/ WILLIAM M. LOWE, JR. 
        
    William M. Lowe, Jr. 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kem-fy170930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Per-Olof Loof, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge: 
  The accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  The information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of KEMET Corporation. 
  Date:   November 2, 2016    
    
                 /s/ PER-OLOF LOOF 
      
      Per-Olof Loof 
      
      Chief Executive Officer and Director 

The foregoing certifications are being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and are not being filed as part of this report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kem-fy170930xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
  I, William M. Lowe, Jr., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge: 
  The accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  The information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of KEMET Corporation. 
  Date:    November 2, 2016    
    
                  /s/ WILLIAM M. LOWE, JR. 
      
      William M. Lowe, Jr. 
      
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certifications are being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and are not being filed as part of this report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 kem-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kem-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kem-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kem-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kem-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kem-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

