<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_320121_0000320121-16-000071_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3317505</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162717</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>260039</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>630005</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1454571</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>762172</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>10</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000320121-16-000071.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114154613
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320121-16-000071
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TELOS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320121
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				520880974
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08443
		FILM NUMBER:		161994453

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19886 ASHBURN ROAD
		CITY:			ASHBURN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20147
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7034716000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19886 ASHBURN ROAD
		CITY:			ASHBURN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20147

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	C3 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000320121-16-000071.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

______________

FORM 10-Q

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission file number: 001-08443

TELOS CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland

52-0880974

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

(703) 724-3800

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes          No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer         

Accelerated filer           

Non-accelerated filer      

Smaller reporting company    

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):    Yes        No    

As of November 7, 2016, the registrant had outstanding 40,238,461 shares of Class A Common Stock, no par value, and 4,037,628 shares of Class B Common Stock, no par value.

1 

TELOS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

INDEX

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Page

Item 1.

Financial Statements

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 

3

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 

4

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 

5-6

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 

7

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 

8-26

Item 2.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

27-39

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

39

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures 

40

PART II -  OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.

Legal Proceedings 

40

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

40

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

40

Item 3.

Defaults upon Senior Securities 

41

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

41

Item 5.

Other Information 

41

Item 6.

Exhibits 

42

SIGNATURES 

43

2 

Index 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.  Financial Statements

TELOS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES     

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(Unaudited)

(amounts in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

3 

Index 

TELOS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES     

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

(Unaudited)

(amounts in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

4 

Index 

TELOS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(amounts in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

5 

Index 

TELOS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(amounts in     thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

6 

Index 

TELOS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(Unaudited)

(amounts in     thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.

7 

Index 

TELOS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Unaudited)

Note 1  .            General and Basis of Presentation 

Telos Corporation, together with its subsidiaries (the "Company" or "Telos" or "We"), is an information technology solutions and services company addressing the needs of U.S. Government and commercial customers worldwide. Our principal offices are located at 19886 Ashburn Road, Ashburn, Virginia 20147. The Company was incorporated as a Maryland corporation in October 1971. Our website is   www.telos.com  . 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Telos and its subsidiaries, including Ubiquity.com, Inc., Xacta Corporation, and Teloworks, Inc., all of whose issued and outstanding share capital is owned by the Company. We have also consolidated the results of operations of Telos Identity Management Solutions, LLC ("Telos ID") (see Note 2   Non-controlling Interests). All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

In our opinion, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) and reclassifications necessary for their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and pursuant to rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The presented interim results are not necessarily indicative of fiscal year performance for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, the impact of seasonal and short-term variations. We have continued to follow the accounting policies (including the critical accounting policies) set forth in the consolidated financial statements included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.

In preparing these condensed consolidated financial statements, we have evaluated subsequent events through the date that these condensed consolidated financial statements were issued.

Segment Reporting

Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available and evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), or decision making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. We currently operate in one operating and reportable business segment for financial reporting purposes. We currently have the following three business lines:  Cyber Operations and Defense, Identity Management, and IT   Enterprise Solutions. Our Chief Executive Officer is the CODM. Our CODM manages our business primarily by function and reviews financial information on a consolidated basis, accompanied by disaggregated information by line of business as well as certain operational data, for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The CODM only evaluates profitability based on consolidated results.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which requires an entity to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. In July 2015, the FASB finalized the delay of the effective date by one year, making the new standard effective for interim periods and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard can be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of the change recognized at the date of the initial application. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

8 

Index 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern." The new standard addresses management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management's evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The new standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this update will not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory," which requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The provisions of the ASU are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)." The guidance in this update supersedes the requirements in Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 840, Leases. The update will require business entities to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about leasing arrangements. A lessee would recognize a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the leased asset for the lease term. For public companies, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and is to be applied on a modified retrospective basis. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, "Revenues from Contract with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)." The amendments are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations by amending certain existing illustrative examples and adding additional illustrative examples to assist in the application of the guidance. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods  beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting," which involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this update will not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments," which introduces new guidance for estimating credit losses on certain types of financial instruments based on expected losses and the timing of the recognition of such losses. The new standard will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments," which intends to reduce the diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified on the statement of cash flows. This new standard will be effective retrospectively for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

9 

Index 

Revenue Recognition

Revenues are recognized in accordance with FASB ASC 605-10-S99. We consider amounts earned upon evidence that an arrangement has been obtained, services are delivered, fees are fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Additionally, revenues on arrangements requiring the delivery of more than one product or service are recognized in accordance with ASC 605-25, "Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables," which addresses and requires the separation and allocation at the inception of the arrangement of all deliverables based on their relative selling prices. This determination is made first by employing vendor-specific objective evidence ("VSOE"), to the extent it exists, then third-party evidence ("TPE") of selling price, to the extent that it exists. Given the nature of the deliverables contained in our multi-element arrangements, which often involve the design and/or delivery of complex or technical solutions to the government, we have not obtained TPE of selling prices on multi-element arrangements due to the significant differentiation which makes obtaining comparable pricing of products with similar functionality impractical. Therefore we do not utilize TPE. If VSOE and TPE are not determinable, we use our best estimate of selling price ("ESP") as defined in ASC 605-25, which represents our best estimate of the prices under the terms and conditions of a particular order for the various elements if they were sold on a stand-alone basis.

We recognize revenues for software arrangements upon persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery of the software, and determination that collection of a fixed or determinable license fee is probable. Revenues for software licenses sold on a subscription basis are recognized ratably over the related license period. For arrangements where the sale of software licenses are bundled with other products, including software products, upgrades and enhancements, post-contract customer support ("PCS"), and installation, the relative fair value of each element is determined based on VSOE. VSOE is defined by ASC 985-605, "Software Revenue Recognition," and is limited to the price charged when the element is sold separately or, if the element is not yet sold separately, the price set by management having the relevant authority. When VSOE exists for undelivered elements, the remaining consideration is allocated to delivered elements using the residual method. If VSOE does not exist for the allocation of revenue to the various elements of the arrangement, all revenue from the arrangement is deferred until the earlier of the point at which (1) such VSOE does exist or (2) all elements of the arrangement are delivered. PCS revenues, upon being unbundled from a software license fee, are recognized ratably over the PCS period. Software arrangements requiring significant production, modification, or customization of the software are accounted for in accordance with ASC 605-35 "Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts".

We may use subcontractors and suppliers in the course of performing contracts and under certain contracts we provide supplier procurement services and materials for our customers. Some of these arrangements may fall within the scope of ASC 605-45, "Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal versus Net as an Agent." We presume that revenues on our contracts are recognized on a gross basis, as we generally provide significant value-added services, assume credit risk, and reserve the right to select subcontractors and suppliers, but we evaluate the various criteria specified in the guidance in making the determination of whether revenue should be recognized on a gross or net basis.

A description of the business lines, the typical deliverables, and the revenue recognition criteria in general for such deliverables follows:

Cyber Operations and Defense    Our Cyber Operations and Defense business line consists of Cyber Security and Secure Mobility solutions areas.

Regarding our deliverables of Cyber Security (formerly Information Assurance) solutions, we provide Xacta IA Manager software and cybersecurity services to our customers. The software and accompanying services fall within the scope of ASC 985-605, "Software Revenue Recognition," as discussed above. We provide consulting services to our customers under either a FFP or T M basis. Such contracts fall under the scope of ASC 605-10-S99. Revenue for FFP services is recognized on a proportional performance basis. FFP services may be billed to the customer on a percentage-of-completion basis or based upon milestones as appropriate under a particular contract, which may approximate the proportional performance of the services under the agreements, as specified in such agreements. To the extent that customer billings exceed the performance of the specified services, the revenue would be deferred. Revenue is recognized under T M contracts based upon specified billing rates and other direct costs as incurred. For cost plus fixed fee ("CPFF") contracts, revenue is recognized in proportion to the allowable costs incurred unless indicated otherwise in the terms of the contract.

10 

Index 

Regarding our deliverables of Secure Mobility (formerly Secure Networks) solutions, we provide wireless and wired networking solutions consisting of hardware and services to our customers. Also, within this area is our Emerging Technologies Group creating innovative, custom-tailored solutions for government and commercial enterprises. The solutions within the Secure Mobility and Emerging Technologies groups are generally sold as firm-fixed price ("FFP") bundled solutions. Certain of these networking solutions involve contracts to design, develop, or modify complex electronic equipment configurations to a buyer's specification or to provide network engineering services, and as such fall within the scope of ASC 605-35. Revenue is earned upon percentage of completion based upon proportional performance, such performance generally being defined by performance milestones. Certain other solutions fall within the scope of ASC 605-10-S99, such as resold information technology products, like laptops, printers, networking equipment and peripherals, and ASC 605-25, such as delivery orders for multiple solutions deliverables. For product sales, revenue is recognized upon proof of acceptance by the customer, otherwise it is deferred until such time as the proof of acceptance is obtained. For example, in delivery orders for Department of Defense customers, which comprise the majority of the Company's customers, such acceptance is achieved with a signed Department of Defense Form DD-250 or electronic invoicing system equivalent. Services provided under these contracts are generally provided on a FFP basis, and as such fall within the scope of ASC 605-10-S99. Revenue for services is recognized based on proportional performance, as the work progresses. FFP services may be billed to the customer on a percentage-of-completion basis or based upon milestones, which may approximate the proportional performance of the services under the agreements, as specified in such agreements. To the extent that customer billings exceed the performance of the specified services, the revenue would be deferred. Revenue is recognized under time-and-materials ("T M") services contracts based upon specified billing rates and other direct costs as incurred.

Identity Management (formerly Telos ID)    We provide our identity assurance and access management solutions and services and sell information technology products, such as computer laptops and specialized printers, and consumables, such as identity cards, to our customers. The solutions are generally sold as FFP bundled solutions, which would typically fall within the scope of ASC 605-25 and ASC 605-10-S99. Revenue for services is recognized based on proportional performance, as the work progresses. FFP services may be billed to the customer on a percentage-of-completion basis or based upon milestones, which may approximate the proportional performance of the services under the agreements, as specified in such agreements. To the extent that customer billings exceed the performance of the specified services, the revenue would be deferred. Revenue is recognized under T M contracts based upon specified billing rates and other direct costs as incurred.

IT   Enterprise Solutions (formerly Secure Communications)    We provide Secure Information eXchange (T-6) suite of products which include the flagship product the Automated Message Handling System ("AMHS"), Secure Collaboration, Secure Discovery, Secure Directory and Cross Domain Communication, as well as related services to our customers. The system and accompanying services fall within the scope of ASC 985-605, as fully discussed above. Other services fall within the scope of ASC 605-10-S99 for arrangements that include only T M contracts and ASC 605-25 for contracts with multiple deliverables such as T M elements and FFP services. Under such arrangements, the T M elements are established by direct costs. Revenue is recognized on T M contracts according to specified rates as direct labor and other direct costs are incurred. For cost plus fixed fee ("CPFF") contracts, revenue is recognized in proportion to the allowable costs incurred unless indicated otherwise in the terms of the contract. Revenue for FFP services is recognized on a proportional performance basis. FFP services may be billed to the customer on a percentage-of-completion basis or based upon milestones, which may approximate the proportional performance of the services under the agreements, as specified in such agreements. To the extent that customer billings exceed the performance of the specified services, the revenue would be deferred.

Estimating future costs and, therefore, revenues and profits, is a process requiring a high degree of management judgment. In the event of a change in total estimated contract cost or profit, the cumulative effect of a change is recorded in the period the change in estimate occurs. To the extent contracts are incomplete at the end of an accounting period, revenue is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, on a proportional performance basis, using costs incurred in relation to total estimated costs, or costs are deferred as appropriate under the terms of a particular contract. In the event cost estimates indicate a loss on a contract, the total amount of such loss, excluding overhead and general and administrative expense, is recorded in the period in which the loss is first estimated.

11 

Index 

Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable are stated at the invoiced amount, less allowances for doubtful accounts. Collectability of accounts receivable is regularly reviewed based upon management's knowledge of the specific circumstances related to overdue balances. The allowance for doubtful accounts is adjusted based on such evaluation. Accounts receivable balances are written off against the allowance when management deems the balances uncollectible.

On July 15, 2016, the Company entered into an accounts receivable purchase agreement under which the Company sells certain accounts receivable to a third party, or the "Factor", without recourse to the Company. The Factor initially pays the Company 90% of U.S. Federal government receivables or 85% of certain commercial prime contractors. The remaining payment is deferred and based on the amount the Factor receives from our customer, less a discount fee and a program access fee that is determined by the amount of time the receivable is outstanding before payment. The structure of the transaction provides for a true sale of the receivables transferred. Accordingly, upon transfer of the receivable to the Factor, the receivable is removed from the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet, a loss on the sale is recorded and the residual amount remains a deferred payment as an accounts receivable until payment is received from the Factor. The balance of the sold receivables may not exceed $10 million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold approximately $25.8 million of receivables, and recognized a related loss of approximately $0.1 million in selling, general and administrative expenses for the same period. As of September 30, 2016, the balance of the sold receivables was approximately $4.7 million, and the related deferred price was approximately $0.7 million.

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, where cost is determined on the weighted average method. Substantially all inventories consist of purchased commercial off-the-shelf hardware and software, and component computer parts used in connection with system integration services that we perform. An allowance for obsolete, slow-moving or nonsalable inventory is provided for all other inventory. This allowance is based on our overall obsolescence experience and our assessment of future inventory requirements. This charge is taken primarily due to the age of the specific inventory and the significant additional costs that would be necessary to upgrade to current standards as well as the lack of forecasted sales for such inventory in the near future. Gross inventory is  $9.3 million  and  $4.4 million  as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively. As of September 30, 2016, it is management's judgment that we have fully provided for any potential inventory obsolescence,  which was $1.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

Income Taxes

We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10, "Income Taxes." Under ASC 740-10, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences of temporary differences and income tax credits. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured by applying enacted statutory tax rates that are applicable to the future years in which deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be settled or realized for differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. Any change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in net income in the period in which the tax rate change is enacted. We record a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is "more likely than not" that deferred tax assets will not be realized. We are required to establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Based on available evidence, realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. We considered projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and reversal of taxable temporary differences in making this assessment. As such, we have determined that a full valuation allowance is required as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. We are not able to use temporary taxable differences related to goodwill, as a source of future taxable income. As a result of a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, a deferred tax liability (hanging credit) related to goodwill remains on our condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

12 

Index 

We follow the provisions of ASC 740-10 related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The accounting estimates related to liabilities for uncertain tax positions require us to make judgments regarding the sustainability of each uncertain tax position based on its technical merits. If we determine it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits, we record the impact of the position in our consolidated financial statements at the largest amount that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. These estimates are updated at each reporting date based on the facts, circumstances and information available. We are also required to assess at each reporting date whether it is reasonably possible that any significant increases or decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits will occur during the next 12 months.

The provision for income taxes in interim periods is computed by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate against earnings before income tax expense for the period. In addition, non-recurring or discrete items are recorded during the period in which they occur.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

We evaluate the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other," which requires goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets to be assessed on at least an annual basis for impairment using a fair value basis. Between annual evaluations, if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount, then impairment must be evaluated. Such circumstances could include, but are not limited to: (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate, or (2) a loss of key contracts or customers.

As the result of an acquisition, we record any excess purchase price over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired as goodwill. An allocation of the purchase price to tangible and intangible net assets acquired is based upon our valuation of the acquired assets. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to annual impairment tests. We complete our goodwill impairment tests as of December 31st each year. Additionally, we make evaluations between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The evaluation is based on the estimation of the fair values of our three reporting units, Cyber Operations and Defense ("CO D"), Identity Management, and IT   Enterprise Solutions, of which goodwill is housed in the CO D reporting unit, in comparison to the reporting unit's net asset carrying values. Our discounted cash flows required management judgment with respect to forecasted revenue streams and operating margins, capital expenditures and the selection and use of an appropriate discount rate. We utilized the weighted average cost of capital as derived by certain assumptions specific to our facts and circumstances as the discount rate. The net assets attributable to the reporting units are determined based upon the estimated assets and liabilities attributable to the reporting units in deriving its free cash flows. In addition, the estimate of the total fair value of our reporting units is compared to the market capitalization of the Company. The Company's assessment resulted in a fair value that was greater than the Company's carrying value, therefore the second step of the impairment test, as prescribed by the authoritative literature, was not required to be performed and no impairment of goodwill was recorded as of December 31, 2015. There were no triggering events which would require goodwill impairment consideration during the quarter. Subsequent reviews may result in future periodic impairments that could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in the period recognized. Recent operating results have reduced the projection of future cash flow growth potential, which indicates that certain negative potential events, such as a material loss or losses on contracts, or failure to achieve projected growth could result in impairment in the future. We estimate fair value of our reporting unit and compare the valuation with the respective carrying value for the reporting unit to determine whether any goodwill impairment exists. If we determine through the impairment review process that goodwill is impaired, we will record an impairment charge in our consolidated statements of operations. Goodwill is amortized and deducted over a 15-year period for tax purposes.

Other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationship enhancements. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 years. The amortization is based on a forecast of approximately equal annual customer orders over the 5-year period. Other intangible assets are subject to impairment review if there are events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying amount is not recoverable.

13 

Index 

Stock-Based Compensation

Compensation cost is recognized based on the requirements of ASC 718, "Stock Compensation," for all share-based awards granted. Since June 2008, we have issued restricted stock (Class A common) to our executive officers, directors and employees. To date, there have been no grants issued in 2016. As of September 30, 2016, there were 19,047,259 shares of restricted stock outstanding. Such stock is subject to a vesting schedule as follows:  25% of the restricted stock vests immediately on the date of grant, thereafter, an additional 25% will vest annually on the anniversary of the date of grant subject to continued employment or services. In the event of death of the employee or a change in control, as defined by the Telos Corporation 2008 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan or the 2013 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, all unvested shares shall automatically vest in full. The value of our common stock is deemed to be immaterial, based on the deduction of our outstanding debt, capital lease obligations, and preferred stock from an estimated enterprise value, which was estimated based on discounted cash flow analysis, comparable public company analysis, and comparable transaction analysis. Additionally, we determined that a significant change in the valuation estimate for common stock would not have a significant effect on the condensed consolidated financial statements.

Other Comprehensive Income

Our functional currency is the U.S. Dollar. For one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, the functional currency is the local currency. For this subsidiary, the translation of its foreign currency into U.S. Dollars is performed for assets and liabilities using current foreign currency exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using average foreign currency exchange rates during the period. Translation gains and losses are included in stockholders' deficit as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income.

Accumulated other comprehensive income included within stockholders' deficit consists of the following (in thousands):

Note 2.  Non-controlling Interests

On April 11, 2007, Telos ID was formed as a limited liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. We contributed substantially all of the assets of our Identity Management business line and assigned our rights to perform under our U.S. Government contract with the Defense Manpower Data Center ("DMDC") to Telos ID at their stated book values. The net book value of assets we contributed totaled $17,000. Until April 19, 2007, we owned 99.999% of the membership interests of Telos ID and  certain private equity investors ("Investors")  owned 0.001% of the membership interests of Telos ID. On April 20, 2007, we sold an additional 39.999% of the membership interests to the Investor in exchange for $6 million in cash consideration. In accordance with ASC 505-10, "Equity-Overall," we recognized a gain of $5.8 million.  As a result, we owned 60% of Telos ID, and therefore continued to account for the investment in Telos ID using the consolidation method.

14 

Index 

On December 24, 2014 (the "Closing Date"), we entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement"), between the Company and the Investors, pursuant to which the Investors acquired from the Company an additional ten percent (10%) membership interest in Telos ID in exchange for $5 million (the "Transaction"). In connection with the Transaction, the Company and the Investors entered into the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (the "Operating Agreement") governing the business, allocation of profits and losses and management of Telos ID. Under the Operating Agreement, Telos ID is managed by a board of directors comprised of five (5) members (the "Telos ID Board"). The Operating Agreement provides for two classes of membership units, Class A (owned by the Company) and Class B (owned by the Investors). The Class A member (the Company) owns 50% of Telos ID, is entitled to receive 50% of the profits of Telos ID, and may appoint three (3) members of the Telos ID Board. The Class B member (the Investors) owns 50% of Telos ID, is entitled to receive 50% of the profits of Telos ID, and may appoint two (2) members of the Telos ID Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the allocations of profits and losses and distributions (including any distributions that relate to the year ending December 31, 2014, that are paid in a subsequent year) from the Closing Date through and including December 31, 2014, continued to be governed by the operating agreement of Telos ID in effect prior to the Closing Date and allocated based on the percentages of ownership prior to the Closing Date.

As of December 31, 2014, we had received $3 million of the $5 million of consideration for the sale. The remaining $2 million was recorded as a receivable and received in January 2015. Despite the post-Transaction ownership of Telos ID being evenly split at 50% by each member, Telos maintains control of the subsidiary through its holding of three of the five Telos ID board of director seats.

Under the Operating Agreement, the Class A and Class B members each have certain options with regard to the ownership interests held by the other party including the following:

Upon the occurrence of a change in control of the Class A member (as defined in the Operating Agreement, a "Change in Control"), the Class A member has the option to purchase the entire membership interest of the Class B member.

Upon the occurrence of the following events: (i) the involuntary termination of John B. Wood as CEO and chairman of the Class A member; (ii) the bankruptcy of the Class A member; or (iii) unless the Class A member exercises its option to acquire the entire membership interest of the Class B member upon a Change in Control of the Class A member, the transfer or issuance of more than fifty-one percent (51%) of the outstanding voting securities of the Class A member to a third party, the Class B member has the option to purchase the membership interest of the Class A member; provided, however, that in the event that the Class B member exercises the foregoing option, the Class A Member may then choose to purchase the entire interest of the Class B member.

In the event that more than fifty percent (50%) of the ownership interests in the Class B member are transferred to persons or individuals (other than members of the immediate family of the initial owners of the Class B member) without the consent of Telos ID, the Class A member has the option to purchase the entire membership interest of the Class B member.

The Class B member has the option to sell its interest to the Class A member at any time if there is not a letter of intent to sell Telos ID, a binding contract to sell all of the assets or membership interests in Telos ID, or a standstill for due diligence with respect to a sale of Telos ID. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Class A member will not be obligated to purchase the interest of the Class B member if that purchase would constitute a violation of any existing line of credit available to the Company after giving effect to that purchase and the applicable lender refuses to consent to that purchase or to waive such violation.

15 

Index 

If either the Class A member or the Class B member elects to sell its interest or buy the other member's interest upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing events, the purchase price for the interest will be based on an appraisal of Telos ID prepared by a nationally recognized investment banker. If the Class A member fails to satisfy its obligation, subject to the restrictions in the Purchase Agreement, to purchase the interest of the Class B member under the Operating Agreement, the Class B member may require Telos ID to initiate a sales process for the purpose of seeking an offer from a third party to purchase Telos ID that maximizes the value of Telos ID. The Telos ID Board must accept any offer from a bona fide third party to purchase Telos ID if that offer is approved by the Class B member, unless the purchase of Telos ID would violate the terms of any existing line of credit available to the Company and the applicable lender does not consent to that purchase or waive the violation. The sale process is the sole remedy available to the Class B member if the Class A member does not purchase its membership interest.  Under such a forced sale scenario, a sales process would result in both members receiving their proportionate membership interest share of the sales proceeds and both members would always be entitled to receive the same form of consideration.

Pursuant to the Transaction, the Class A and Class B members each owns 50% of Telos ID, as mentioned above, and as such was allocated 50% of the profits, which was $1.4 million and $2.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1.1 million and $1.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  The Class B member is the non-controlling interest. 

Distributions are made to the members only when and to the extent determined by the Telos ID's Board of Directors, in accordance with the Operating Agreement. The Class B member received a total of $ million and $ million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $ million and $ million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, of such distributions.

The following table details the changes in non-controlling interest for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):

Note 3  .            Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

The goodwill balance was $14.9 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  Goodwill is subject to annual impairment tests and if triggering events are present before the annual tests, we will assess impairment. As of September 30, 2016, no impairment charges were taken.

Other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationship enhancements. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 years. The amortization is based on a forecast of approximately equal annual customer orders over the 5-year period.  The other intangible assets were fully amortized  as of June 30, 2016. Amortization expense was $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $0.6 million and $1.7 million for three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Other intangible assets are subject to impairment review if there are events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying amount is not recoverable. As of September 30, 2016, no impairment charges were taken. 

16 

Index 

Other intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands):

Note 4  .            Fair Value Measurements 

The accounting standard for fair value measurements provides a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The framework requires the valuation of financial instruments using a three-tiered approach. The statement requires fair value measurement to be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:

Level 1:  Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets and liabilities;

Level 2:  Quoted prices in the markets that are not active, or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; or

Level 3:  Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e. supported by little or no market activity).

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we did not have any financial instruments with significant Level 3 inputs and we did not have any financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock was $2.1 million and $2.0 million, respectively. Since there have been no material modifications to the financial instruments, the estimated fair value of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock remains consistent with amounts recorded as of December 31, 2015.

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of the Company's 12% Cumulative Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Public Preferred Stock") was $126.8 million and $123.9 million, respectively, and the estimated fair market value was $23.9 million and $32.3 million, respectively, based on quoted market prices.

For certain of our non-derivative financial instruments, including receivables, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, the carrying amount approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The estimated fair value of the Facility and long-term debt is based primarily on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for similar debt issues. The fair value approximates the carrying value of long-term debt.

17 

Index 

Note 5  .            Current Liabilities and Debt Obligations 

Accounts Payable and Other Accrued Payables

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the accounts payable and other accrued payables consisted of $19.2 million and $9.3 million, respectively, in trade account payables and $6.4 million and $3.4 million, respectively, in accrued payables.

Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement

On July 15, 2016, we entered into an Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with Republic Capital Access, LLC ("RCA" or "Buyer"), pursuant to which we may offer for sale, and RCA, in its sole discretion, may purchase, eligible accounts receivable relating to U.S. government prime contracts or subcontracts of the Company (collectively, the "Purchased Receivables"). Upon purchase, RCA becomes the absolute owner of any such Purchased Receivables, which are payable directly to RCA, subject to certain repurchase obligations of the Company. The total amount of Purchased Receivables is subject to a maximum limit of $10 million of outstanding Purchased Receivables (the "Maximum Amount") at any given time. The Purchase Agreement has an initial term expiring on June 30, 2018 and automatically renews for successive 12-month renewal periods unless terminated in writing by either the Company or RCA.

The initial purchase price of a Purchased Receivable is equal to 90% of the face value of the receivable if the account debtor is an agency of the U.S. government, and 85% if the account debtor is not an agency of the U.S. government; provided, however, that RCA has the right to adjust these initial purchase price rates in its sole discretion. After collection by RCA of the portion of a Purchased Receivable in excess of the initial purchase price, RCA shall pay the Company the residual 10% or 15% of such Purchased Receivable, as appropriate, less (i) a discount factor equal to 0.30%, for federal government prime contracts (or 0.56% for non-federal government investment grade account obligors or 0.62% for non-federal government non-investment grade account obligors) of the face amounts of Purchased Receivables; (ii) a program access fee equal to 0.008% of the daily ending account balance for each day that Purchased Receivable are outstanding; (iii) a commitment fee equal to 1% per annum of Maximum Amount minus the amount of Purchased Receivables outstanding; and (iv) fees, costs and expenses relating to the preparation, administration and enforcement of the Purchase Agreement and any other related agreements. At the time the Purchase Agreement was signed, the Company received proceeds in an amount equal to $6.3 million, net of an initial enrollment fee equal to $25,000. Those proceeds were used to repay the outstanding amount under the Facility to Wells Fargo as described below.

The Purchase Agreement provides that in the event, but only to the extent, that the conveyance of Purchased Receivables by the Company is characterized by a court or other governmental authority as a loan rather than a sale, the Company shall be deemed to have granted RCA, effective as of the date of the first purchase under the Purchase Agreement, a security interest in all of the Company's right, title and interest in, to and under all of the Purchased Receivables, whether now or hereafter owned, existing or arising.

The Company provides a power of attorney to RCA to take certain actions in the Company's stead, including (a) to sell, assign or transfer in whole or in part any of the Purchased Receivables; (b) to demand, receive and give releases to any account debtor with respect to amounts due under any Purchased Receivables; (c) to notify all account debtors with respect to the Purchased Receivables; and (d) to take any actions necessary to perfect RCA's interests in the Purchased Receivables.

The Company is liable to Buyer for any fraudulent statements and all representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnities made by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. It is considered an event of default if (a) the Company fails to pay any amounts it owes to RCA when due (subject to a cure period); (b) the Company has voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceedings commenced by or against it; (c) the Company is no longer solvent or is generally not paying its debts as they become due; (d) any voluntary liens, garnishments, attachments, or the like are issued against or attach to the Purchased Receivables; (e) the Company breaches any warranty, representation, or covenant (subject to a cure period); (f) the Company is not in compliance or has otherwise defaulted under any document or obligation in favor of RCA or an RCA affiliate; or (g) the Purchase Agreement or any material provision terminates (other than in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement) or ceases to be effective or to be a binding obligation of the Company. If any such event of default occurs, then RCA may take certain actions, including ceasing to buy any eligible receivables, declaring any indebtedness or other obligations immediately due and payable, or terminating the Purchase Agreement.

18 

Index 

Financing and Security Agreement

On July 15, 2016, we entered into a Financing and Security Agreement (the "Financing Agreement") with Action Capital Corporation ("Action Capital"), pursuant to which Action Capital agreed to provide the Company with advances of up to 90% of the net amount of certain acceptable customer accounts of the Company that have been assigned as collateral to Action Capital (the "Acceptable Accounts"). The maximum outstanding principal amount of advances under the Financing Agreement was $2.5 million, which was subsequently increased to $5 million on September 6, 2016. The Financing Agreement has a term of two years, provided that the Company may terminate it at any time without penalty upon written notice. At the time the Financing Agreement was signed, the Company did not borrow any amounts under the Financing Agreement.

The Company shall pay Action Capital interest on the advances outstanding under the Financing Agreement at a rate equal to the prime rate of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in effect on the last business day of the prior month plus 2%, and a monthly fee equal to 0.50%. All interest calculations are based on a year of 360 days. The Company's obligations under the Financing Agreement are secured by certain assets of the Company pertaining to the Acceptable Accounts, including all accounts, accounts receivable, earned and unbilled revenue, contract rights, chattel paper, documents, instruments, general intangibles, reserves, reserve accounts, rebates, books and records, and all proceeds of the foregoing.

Pursuant to the terms of the Financing Agreement, Action Capital shall have full recourse against the Company when an Acceptable Account is not paid in full by the respective customer within 90 days of the date of purchase or if for any reason it ceases to be an Acceptable Account, including the right to charge-back any such Acceptable Account. It is considered an event of default if the Company breaches any covenant or warranty, knowingly provides false or incorrect material information to Action Capital, or otherwise defaults on any of its material obligations under the Financing Agreement or any other material agreements with Action Capital (subject to a cure period). If any such events of default occur, then Action Capital may take certain actions, including declaring any indebtedness immediately due and payable, requiring any customers with Acceptable Accounts to make payments directly to Action Capital, exercising its power of attorney from the Company to take actions in the Company's stead with respect to any of Company's Acceptable Accounts, or terminating the Financing Agreement.

As of September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Financing Agreement.

In connection with the Purchase Agreement and the Financing Agreement, we terminated our revolving credit facility (the "Facility") with Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC ("Wells Fargo"), effective as of July 15, 2016, prior to its maturity date of April 1, 2017, and repaid all amounts outstanding under the Facility; other than (1) the obligations of the Company under the Facility and related loan documents with respect to letters of credits and fees, charges, costs and expenses related thereto, (2) the obligations of the Company under the Facility and related loan documents to reimburse Wells Fargo for costs and expenses that may become due and payable after the date of the termination of the Facility, and (3) any customary contingent indemnification obligations. The Company paid an early termination fee of $100,000, and no other early termination fees or prepayment penalties were incurred by the Company in connection with the termination of the Facility.

Senior Revolving Credit Facility

On March 31, 2015, we amended our revolving credit facility (the "Facility") with Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC ("Wells Fargo") ("the Twelfth Amendment") to extend the maturity date to April 1, 2016. The Twelfth Amendment also amended the terms of the Facility, reducing the total credit available from $30 million to $20 million, and reducing the letter of credit sub-line limit from $5 million to $1 million. The reduced limits under the Facility more appropriately reflected the Company's projected utilization of the Facility. The Twelfth Amendment required quarterly installment payments of $350,000 beginning April 1, 2015, and extended the maturity date to April 1, 2016. The Twelfth Amendment established EBITDA and recurring revenue covenants, amending and restating in the entirety previously established financial covenants. The Twelfth Amendment authorized the issuance of $5 million in subordinated notes to affiliated entities of John R.C. Porter ("Porter Notes"), a holder of Telos Class A Common Stock and Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. The Twelfth Amendment also established a minimum excess availability requirement under the revolving component of $1.25 million and allowed for the payment of interest under the Porter Notes, subject to separate subordination agreements. In consideration for the closing of the Twelfth Amendment, we paid Wells Fargo a fee of $150,000, plus expenses related to the closing.

19 

Index 

On March 30, 2016 the Facility was amended ("the Seventeenth Amendment") to extend the maturity date to January 1, 2017. The Seventeenth Amendment also amended the terms of the Facility, reducing the total credit available from $20 million to $10 million effective as of the date of the amendment, which more appropriately reflected the Company's projected utilization of the Facility. The Seventeenth Amendment set the quarterly EBITDA covenants to more accurately reflect the Company's current operating budget. All other financial covenants remained unchanged. The Seventeenth Amendment eliminated the bottom tier of pricing established in the Twelfth Amendment, fixing the interest rate at the higher of the Wells Fargo Bank "prime rate" plus 2.25%, the Federal Funds rate plus 2.75%, or the 3-month LIBOR rate plus 3.25%. The Seventeenth Amendment also increased the minimum excess availability requirement under the revolving component from $1.25 million to $2.0 million, effective as of the date of the amendment, and increased the requirement to $2.5 million, effective July 1, 2016, and $3.0 million, effective November 1, 2016, if the Company did not receive $5 million of equity or subordinated debt investment by June 1, 2016. If such capital investment was not received by June 1, 2016, we would pay a fee of $100,000 to Wells Fargo, which was paid in June 2016. In consideration for the closing of the Seventeenth Amendment, we paid Wells Fargo a fee of $100,000, plus expenses related to the closing.

On May 16, 2016, the Facility was amended to extend the maturity date to April 1, 2017.

We incurred interest expense in the amount of $14,000 and $220,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0 and $0 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, on the Facility.

At December 31, 2015, we had outstanding borrowings of $8.5 million on the Facility, which included the $3.2 million term loan, of which $1.4 million was short-term. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had unused borrowing availability on the Facility of $- million and $5.8 million, respectively. The effective weighted average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under the Facility was 6.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.

On July 15, 2016, the outstanding balance under the Facility was paid in full.

Subordinated Debt

On March 31, 2015, the Company entered into Subordinated Loan Agreements and Subordinated Promissory Notes ("Porter Notes") with affiliated entities of Mr. John R. C. Porter (together referenced as "Porter"). Mr. Porter and Toxford Corporation, of which Mr. Porter is the sole shareholder, own 39.3% of our Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the Porter Notes, Porter lent the Company $2.5 million on or about March 31, 2015. Telos also entered into Subordination and Intercreditor Agreements (the "Subordination Agreements") with Porter and Wells Fargo, in which the Porter Notes are fully subordinated to the Facility and any subsequent senior lenders (including Action Capital), and payments under the Porter Notes are permitted only if certain conditions are met.  According to the terms of the Porter Notes, the outstanding principal sum bears interest at the fixed rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum which would be payable in arrears in cash on the 20th day of each May, August, November and February, with the first interest payment date due on August 20, 2015. The Porter Notes do not call for amortization payments and are unsecured. The unpaid principal, together with interest, is due and payable in full on July 1, 2017. The Porter Notes, in whole or in part, may be repaid at any time without premium or penalty. We incurred interest expense in the amount of $75,000 and $225,000 for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $76,000 and $153,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, on the Porter Notes. In accordance with the terms of the Porter Notes, interest has been accrued but was not paid due to restrictions on the payment of interest in the Subordination Agreements.

20 

Index 

Note 6  .            Redeemable Preferred Stock 

Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock

The Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock is senior to all other outstanding equity of the Company, including the Public Preferred Stock. The Series A-1 ranks on a parity with the Series A-2. The components of the authorized Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock are 1,250 shares of Series A-1 and 1,750 shares of Series A-2 Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock, each with $.01 par value. The Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock carries a cumulative per annum dividend rate of 14.125% of its liquidation value of $1,000 per share. The dividends are payable semiannually on June 30 and December 31 of each year. We have not declared dividends on our Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock since its issuance. The liquidation preference of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock is the face amount of the Series A-1 and A-2 ($1,000 per share), plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.

Due to the terms of the Facility, the Porter Notes, the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock  and applicable provisions of Maryland law governing the payment of distributions , we have been precluded from  redeeming the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock and  paying any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock, other than described below. In addition, certain holders of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock have entered into standby agreements whereby, among other things, those holders will not demand any payments in respect of dividends or redemptions of their instruments and the maturity dates of the instruments have been extended.  As a result of such standby agreements, as of September 30, 2016, instruments held by Toxford Corporation ("Toxford"), the holder of 76.4% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock, will mature on May 31, 2018. 

As of September 30, 2016, Mr. John Porter held 6.3% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. In the aggregate, as of September 30, 2016, Mr. Porter and Toxford held a total of 163 shares and 228 shares of Series A-1 and Series A-2 Redeemable Preferred Stock, respectively, or 82.7% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. Mr. Porter is the sole stockholder of Toxford. Mr. Porter and Toxford own 39.3% of our Class A Common Stock.

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total number of shares of Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was 197 shares and 276 shares for Series A-1 and Series A-2, respectively. Due to the limitations, contractual restrictions, and agreements described above, the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock is classified as noncurrent as of September 30, 2016.

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, cumulative undeclared, unpaid dividends relating to Senior Redeemable Preferred stock totaled $1.6 million. We accrued dividends on the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock of $17,000 and $50,000 for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which were reported as interest expense. Prior to the effective date of ASC 480-10, "Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity," on July 1, 2003, such dividends were charged to stockholders' deficit.

Public Preferred Stock 

A maximum of 6,000,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, has been authorized for issuance. We initially issued 2,858,723 shares of the Public Preferred Stock pursuant to the acquisition of the Company during fiscal year 1990. The Public Preferred Stock was recorded at fair value on the date of original issue, November 21, 1989, and we made periodic accretions under the interest method of the excess of the redemption value over the recorded value. We adjusted our estimate of accrued accretion in the amount of $1.5 million in the second quarter of 2006. The Public Preferred Stock was fully accreted as of December 2008. We declared stock dividends totaling 736,863 shares in 1990 and 1991. Since 1991, no other dividends, in stock or cash, have been declared. In November 1998, we retired 410,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock. The total number of shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 3,185,586. The Public Preferred Stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and the OTC Pink marketplace.

21 

Index 

Since 1991, no dividends were declared or paid on our Public Preferred Stock, based upon our interpretation of restrictions in our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, limitations in the terms of the Public Preferred Stock instrument, specific dividend payment restrictions in the Facility and the Porter Notes to which the Public Preferred Stock is subject, other senior obligations, and Maryland law limitations in existence prior to October 1, 2009.  Subsequent to the 2009 Maryland law change, dividend payments continue to be prohibited except under certain specific circumstances as set forth in Maryland Code Section 2-311, which the Company does not currently satisfy.  Pursuant to the terms  of the Articles of Amendment and Restatement , we were scheduled, but not required, to redeem the Public Preferred Stock in five annual tranches during the period 2005 through 2009. However, due to our substantial senior obligations, limitations set forth in the covenants in the Facility and the Porter Notes, foreseeable capital and operational requirements, and restrictions and prohibitions of our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, we were unable to meet the redemption schedule set forth in the terms of the Public Preferred Stock. Moreover, the Public Preferred Stock is not payable on demand, nor callable, for failure to redeem the Public Preferred Stock in accordance with the redemption schedule set forth in the instrument. Therefore, we classify these securities as noncurrent liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Until July 15, 2016, we were parties with certain of our subsidiaries to the Facility agreement with Wells Fargo . Under the Facility, we agreed that, so long as any credit under the Facility is available and until full and final payment of the obligations under the Facility, we would not make any distribution or declare or pay any dividends (other than common stock) on our stock, or purchase, acquire, or redeem any stock, or exchange any stock for indebtedness, or retire any stock.  Additionally, the Porter Notes contain similar prohibitions on dividend payments or stock redemptions.

Accordingly, as stated above, we will continue to classify the entirety of our obligation to redeem the Public Preferred Stock as a long-term obligation. The  Porter Notes and the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock  prohibit, among other things, the redemption of any stock, common or preferred, other than as described above. The Public Preferred Stock by its terms also cannot be redeemed if doing so would violate the terms of an agreement regarding the borrowing of funds or the extension of credit which is binding upon us or any of our subsidiaries, and it does not include any other provisions that would otherwise require any acceleration of the redemption of or amortization payments with respect to the Public Preferred Stock. Thus, the Public Preferred Stock is not and will not be due on demand, nor callable, within 12 months from September 30, 2016.  This classification is consistent with ASC 210-10, "Balance Sheet" and 470-10, "Debt" and the FASB ASC Master Glossary definition of "Current Liabilities." 

ASC 210-10 and the FASB ASC Master Glossary define current liabilities as follows: The term current liabilities is used principally to designate obligations whose liquidation is reasonably expected to require the use of existing resources properly classifiable as current assets, or the creation of other current liabilities. As a balance sheet category, the classification is intended to include obligations for items which have entered into the operating cycle, such as payables incurred in the acquisition of materials and supplies to be used in the production of goods or in providing services to be offered for sale; collections received in advance of the delivery of goods or performance of services; and debts that arise from operations directly related to the operating cycle, such as accruals for wages, salaries, commissions, rentals, royalties, and income and other taxes. Other liabilities whose regular and ordinary liquidation is expected to occur within a relatively short period of time, usually twelve months, are also intended for inclusion, such as short-term debts arising from the acquisition of capital assets, serial maturities of long-term obligations, amounts required to be expended within one year under sinking fund provisions, and agency obligations arising from the collection or acceptance of cash or other assets for the account of third persons.

ASC 470-10 provides the following: The current liability classification is also intended to include obligations that, by their terms, are due on demand or will be due on demand within one year (or operating cycle, if longer) from the balance sheet date, even though liquidation may not be expected within that period.  It is also intended to include long-term obligations that are or will be callable by the creditor either because the debtor's violation of a provision of the debt agreement at the balance sheet date makes the obligation callable or because the violation, if not cured within a specified grace period, will make the obligation callable.

22 

Index 

If, pursuant to the terms of the Public Preferred Stock, we do not redeem the Public Preferred Stock in accordance with the scheduled redemptions described above, the terms of the Public Preferred Stock require us to discharge our obligation to redeem the Public Preferred Stock as soon as we are financially capable and legally permitted to do so. Therefore, by its very terms, the Public Preferred Stock is not due on demand or callable for failure to make a scheduled payment pursuant to its redemption provisions and is properly classified as a noncurrent liability.

We pay dividends on the Public Preferred Stock when and if declared by the Board of Directors. The Public Preferred Stock accrues a semi-annual dividend at the annual rate of 12% ($1.20) per share, based on the liquidation preference of $10 per share and is fully cumulative. Dividends in additional shares of the Public Preferred Stock for 1990 and 1991 were paid at the rate of 6% of a share for each $.60 of such dividends not paid in cash. For the cash dividends payable since December 1, 1995, we have accrued $94.0 million and $92.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. We accrued dividends on the Public Preferred Stock of $1.0 million and $2.9 million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which was recorded as interest expense. Prior to the effective date of ASC 480-10 on July 1, 2003, such dividends were charged to stockholders' accumulated deficit.

The carrying value of the accrued Paid-in-Kind ("PIK") dividends on the Public Preferred Stock for the period 1992 through June 1995 was $4.0 million. Had we accrued such dividends on a cash basis for this time period, the total amount accrued would have been $15.1 million. However, as a result of the redemption of the 410,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock in November 1998, such amounts were reduced and adjusted to $3.5 million and $13.4 million, respectively. Our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, Section 2(a) states, "Any dividends payable with respect to the Exchangeable Preferred Stock ("Public Preferred Stock") during the first six years after the Effective Date (November 20, 1989) may be paid (subject to restrictions under applicable state law), in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors, in cash or by issuing additional fully paid and nonassessable shares of Exchangeable Preferred Stock  ".  Accordingly, the Board had the discretion to pay the dividends for the referenced period in cash or by the issuance of additional shares of Public Preferred Stock. During the period in which we stated our intent to pay PIK dividends, we stated our intention to amend our Charter to permit such payment by the issuance of additional shares of Public Preferred Stock. In consequence, as required by applicable accounting requirements, the accrual for these dividends was recorded at the estimated fair value (as the average of the ask and bid prices) on the dividend date of the shares of Public Preferred Stock that would have been (but were not) issued. This accrual was $9.9 million lower than the accrual would be if the intent was only to pay the dividend in cash, at that date or any later date.

In May 2006, the Board concluded that the accrual of PIK dividends for the period 1992 through June 1995 was no longer appropriate. Since 1995, we have disclosed in the footnotes to our audited financial statements the carrying value of the accrued PIK dividends on the Public Preferred Stock for the period 1992 through June 1995 as $4.0 million, and that had we accrued cash dividends during this time period, the total amount accrued would have been $15.1 million. As stated above, such amounts were reduced and adjusted to $3.5 million and $13.4 million, respectively, due to the redemption of 410,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock in November 1998. On May 12, 2006, the Board voted to confirm that our intent with respect to the payment of dividends on the Public Preferred Stock for this period changed from its previously stated intent to pay PIK dividends to that of an intent  to pay cash dividends. We therefore changed the accrual from $3.5 million to $13.4 million, the result of which was to increase our negative shareholder equity by the $9.9 million difference between those two amounts, by recording an additional $9.9 million charge to interest expense for the second quarter of 2006, resulting in a balance of $126.8 million and $123.9 million for the principal amount and all accrued dividends on the Public Preferred Stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. This action is considered a change in assumption that results in a change in accounting estimate as defined in ASC 250-10, which sets forth guidance concerning accounting changes and error corrections.

23 

Index 

Note 7  .            Income Taxes 

The income tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimated annual effective tax rate adjusted for discrete items, if any, which are taken into account in the quarterly period in which they occur.  We review and update our estimated annual effective tax rate each quarter. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, o ur estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily impacted by the permanent item related to the noncash interest of our redeemable preferred stock. Accordingly, we recorded an approximately $0.2 million income tax provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $0.6 million and $1.8 million income tax benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.

We are required to establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Based on available evidence, realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. We considered projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and reversal of taxable temporary differences in making this assessment. As such, we have determined that a full valuation allowance is required as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. We are not able to use temporary taxable differences related to goodwill, as a source of future taxable income. As a result of a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, a deferred tax liability related to goodwill of $3.4 million and $3.2 million remains on our condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.

Under the provisions of ASC 740-10, we determined that  there were approximately $748,000 and $803,000 of unrecognized tax benefits,  including $229,000 and $210,000 of related interest and penalties,  required to be recorded as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  We believe that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will not significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months.

Note 8  .            Commitments and Contingencies 

Financial Condition and Liquidity

As described in Note 5   Current Liabilities and Debt Obligations, we maintain a Purchase Agreement with RCA and a Financing Agreement with Action Capital. The willingness of RCA to purchase our accounts receivable under the Purchase Agreement and of Action Capital to make advances under the Financing Agreement, and our ability to obtain additional financing, may be limited due to various factors, including the eligibility of our receivables, the status of our business, global credit market conditions, and perceptions of our business or industry by RCA, Action Capital, or other potential sources of financing. If we are unable to maintain the new financing arrangements, we would need to obtain additional credit to fund our future operations. If credit is available in that event, lenders may impose more restrictive terms and higher interest rates that may reduce our borrowing capacity, increase our costs, or reduce our operating flexibility. The failure to maintain, extend, renew or replace our new sources of financing with a comparable arrangement or arrangements that provide similar amounts of liquidity for the Company would have a material negative impact on our overall liquidity, financial and operating results.

While a variety of factors related to sources and uses of cash, such as timeliness of accounts receivable collections, vendor credit terms, or significant collateral requirements, ultimately impact our liquidity, such factors may or may not have a direct impact on our liquidity, based on how the transactions associated with such circumstances impact our availability under our credit arrangements. For example, a contractual requirement to post collateral for a duration of several months, depending on the materiality of the amount, could have an immediate negative effect on our liquidity, as such a circumstance would utilize cash resources without a near-term cash inflow back to us. Likewise, the release of such collateral could have a corresponding positive effect on our liquidity, as it would represent an addition to our cash resources without any corresponding near-term cash outflow. Similarly, a slow-down of payments from a customer, group of customers or government payment office would not have an immediate and direct effect on our availability  unless the slowdown was material in amount and over an extended period of time. Any of these examples would have an impact on our cash resources, our financing arrangements, and therefore our liquidity.

24 

Index 

Additionally, as a result of operations for 2014, and the continued impact of contract delays as well as other government budgetary funding issues, management determined the need to raise additional working capital. Accordingly, in December 2014, we sold 10% of the membership interests in Telos ID to the Telos ID Class B member for $5 million, and, in March 2015, we issued the Porter Notes.

Management currently believes that the Company's existing borrowing capacity under the Purchase Agreement and the Financing Agreement discussed above is sufficient to fund our capital and liquidity needs for the next 12 months. Management may determine that, in order to reduce capital and liquidity requirements, planned spending on capital projects and indirect expense growth may be curtailed, subject to growth in operating results. Should management determine that additional capital is required, management would likely look first to the sources of funding discussed above to meet any requirements, although no assurances can be given that these investors would be able to invest or that the Company and the investors would agree upon terms for such investments.

Our working capital was $(5.6) million and $1.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Although no assurances can be given, we expect that our financing arrangements with RCA and Action Capital, collectively, are sufficient to maintain the liquidity we require to meet our operating, investing and financing needs for the next 12 months.

Legal Proceedings

Costa Brava Partnership III, L.P., et al. v. Telos Corporation, et al.

As previously disclosed in Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, on October 17, 2005, Costa Brava Partnership III, L.P. ("Costa Brava"), a holder of our Public Preferred Stock, filed a lawsuit against the Company and certain past and present directors and officers ("Telos Defendants") in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland (the "Circuit Court"). A second holder of the Company's Public Preferred Stock, Wynnefield Small Cap Value, L.P. ("Wynnefield"), subsequently intervened as a co-Plaintiff (Costa Brava and Wynnefield are hereinafter referred to as "Plaintiffs").  On February 27, 2007, Plaintiffs added, as an additional defendant, Mr. John R.C. Porter, a holder of the Company's common stock. As of September 30, 2016, Costa Brava and Wynnefield own 12.7% and 17.3%, resepectively, of the outstanding Public Preferred Stock.  No material developments occurred in this litigation during the three months ended September 30, 2016.

At this stage of the litigation, it is impossible to reasonably determine the degree of probability related to Plaintiffs' success in relation to any of their assertions in the litigation. Although there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of the case, the Company and its present and former officers and directors strenuously deny Plaintiffs' allegations and continue to vigorously defend the matter, and oppose all relief sought by Plaintiffs.

Hamot et al. v. Telos Corporation

As previously disclosed in Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, Messrs. Seth W. Hamot and Andrew R. Siegel  ("Messrs. Hamot and Siegel"),  principals of Costa Brava and Class D Directors of Telos, filed a lawsuit against the Company on August 2, 2007, and have been engaged in litigation against the Company since that date.  No material developments occurred in this litigation during the three months ended September 30, 2016.

At this stage of the litigation, it is impossible to reasonably determine the degree of probability related to Messrs. Hamot and Siegel's success in relation to any of their assertions in the litigation. Although there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of the case, the Company strenuously denies Messrs. Hamot and Siegel's allegations and continue to vigorously defend the matter and oppose all relief sought by Messrs. Hamot and Siegel.

Other Litigation

In addition, the Company is a party to litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, while the results of such litigation cannot be predicted with any reasonable degree of certainty, the final outcome of such known matters will not, based upon all available information, have a material adverse effect on the Company's condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

25 

Index 

Note 9  .            Related Party Transactions 

Emmett J. Wood, the brother of our Chairman and CEO, has been an employee of the Company since 1996.  The amount paid to this individual as compensation were $89,000 and $240,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $76,000 and $227,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  Additionally, Mr. Wood owned 650,000 shares and 50,000 shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, respectively, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

On March 31, 2015, the Company entered into the Porter Notes. Mr. Porter and Toxford Corporation, of which Mr. Porter is the sole shareholder, own 39.3% of our Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the Porter Notes, Porter lent the Company $2.5 million on or about March 31, 2015. According to the terms of the Porter Notes, the outstanding principal sum bears interest at the fixed rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum which would be payable in arrears in cash on the 20th day of each May, August, November and February, with the first interest payment date due on August 20, 2015. The Porter Notes do not call for amortization payments and are unsecured. The unpaid principal, together with interest, is due and payable in full on July 1, 2017. The Porter Notes, in whole or in part, may be repaid at any time without premium or penalty. We incurred interest expense in the amount of $75,000 and $225,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $76,000 and $153,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, on the Porter Notes. In accordance with the terms of the Porter Notes, interest has been accrued but was not paid due to restrictions on the payment of interest in the Subordination Agreements.

26 

Index 

Item 2.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Forward-Looking Statements

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. For this purpose, any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There are a number of important factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, without limitation, those set forth in the risk factors section included in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC.

General

Our goal is to deliver superior IT solutions that meet or exceed our customers' expectations. We focus on secure enterprise solutions that address the unique requirements of the federal government, the military, and the intelligence community, as well as commercial enterprises that require secure solutions.  Our IT solutions consist of the following:

Cyber Operations and Defense:

o

Cyber Security   Solutions and services that assure the security of our customers' information, systems, and networks, including the Xacta IA Manager suite for IT governance, risk management, and compliance. Our information and cyber security consulting services include security assessments, digital forensics, and continuous compliance monitoring.

o

Secure Mobility   Design, engineering and delivery of secure solutions that empower the mobile and deployed workforce in business and government.  Our solutions protect sensitive communication while delivering voice, data, and video at the point of work in classified and unclassified environments.

Identity Management   Solutions that establish trusted identities in order to ensure authenticated physical access to offices, workstations, and other facilities; secure digital access to databases, host systems, and other IT resources; and protect people and organizations against insider threats.

IT and Enterprise Solutions   We have the experience with solution development and global integration to meet the requirements of business and government enterprises with secure IT solutions, from organizational messaging and data visualization to network construction and management.

Backlog

Funded backlog as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $62.9 million and $53.8 million, respectively.  Funded backlog was $59.2 million at December 31, 2015.

Consolidated Results of Operations (Unaudited)

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Telos Corporation and its subsidiaries including Ubiquity.com, Inc., Xacta Corporation, and Teloworks, Inc., all of whose issued and outstanding share capital is owned by Telos Corporation (collectively, the "Company" or "Telos" or "We").  We have also consolidated the results of operations of Telos ID (see Note 2   Non-controlling Interests).  All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Our operating cycle involves many types of solutions, product and service contracts with varying delivery schedules. Accordingly, results of a particular quarter, or quarter-to-quarter comparisons of recorded sales and operating profits, may not be indicative of future operating results and the following comparative analysis should therefore be viewed in such context.

27 

Index 

We provide different solutions and are party to contracts of varying revenue types under the NETCENTS (Network-Centric Solutions) and NETCENTS-2 contracts to the U.S. Air Force. NETCENTS and NETCENTS-2 are indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity ("IDIQ") and government-wide acquisition contracts ("GWAC"), therefore any government customer may utilize the NETCENTS and NETCENTS-2 vehicles to meet its purchasing needs. Consequently, revenue earned on the underlying NETCENTS and NETCENTS-2 delivery orders varies from period to period according to the customer and solution mix for the products and services delivered during a particular period, unlike a standalone contract with one separately identified customer. The contracts themselves do not fund any orders and they state that the contracts are for an indefinite delivery and indefinite quantity. The majority of our task/delivery orders have periods of performance of less than 12 months, which contributes to the variances between interim and annual reporting periods. The original NETCENTS contract was awarded in 2004 and has been modified 40 times since that time, including numerous modifications to extend the period of performance. The period of performance for the award of new task orders under the contract ended on September 30, 2013. Previously awarded task orders that contain periods of performance that extended past September 30, 2013, including exercisable option years under existing task orders, were not affected by the contract expiration. We were selected for an award on the NETCENTS replacement contract, NETCENTS-2 Network Operations and Infrastructure Solutions Small Business Companion, on March 27, 2014. Although no protest was filed over the Telos contract award, protests filed by other bidders resulted in a recommendation by the Government Accountability Office ("GAO") that the U.S. Air Force re-evaluate proposals and make a new source selection decision. As a result of the delays in the NETCENTS-2 procurement, some government orders that could have been issued through NETCENTS-2 have been issued through other contract vehicles, under which we were not prime contract awardees. This has contributed to declines in revenues and margins below historical performance levels for 2015. Subsequent to the Air Force's reevaluation of the NETCENTS-2 procurement related to the protests, we were selected for an award on April 3, 2015 and the contract was opened for issuance of new orders in May 2015. While we historically derived a substantial amount of revenue from task/delivery orders under the NETCENTS contract, we have also been awarded other IDIQ/GWACs, including the Department of Homeland Security's EAGLE II and blanket purchase agreements under our GSA schedule. However, we have not been awarded significant delivery orders under EAGLE II due in part to government funding issues for the Department of Homeland Security.

On August 31, 2015, we were notified that we were not awarded the re-compete of a contract within our IT   Enterprise Solutions (formerly Secure Communications) area for a government agency. The contract had a total funded value of over $45 million over the prior three years and accounted for approximately 11% of revenue for 2015. We filed a protest of the award with the Court of Federal Claims, which entered a final order denying the protest on February 29, 2016. On March 4, 2016, we filed an appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, appealing the decision of the Court of Federal Claims. The appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit remains pending, with oral arguments scheduled for December 8, 2016.   We continued to perform under the contract through the period of performance, which ended on May 22, 2016.

In recent years, U.S. government appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. government budgetary issues and related legislation. In 2011, Congress enacted the Budget Control Act of 2011, which established specific limits on annual appropriations for fiscal years 2012-2021. On November 2, 2015, the President signed the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 ("BBA") into law. The BBA sets fiscal year 2016 and 2017 DoD spending caps that exceed recent DoD budget funding levels. These spending caps are recognized by both the Executive branch and Congress and are therefore expected to lead to a stable budget process for those two years. In addition, while the spending cap increase does not meet the DoD's original fiscal year 2016 base budget funding request or its planned fiscal year 2017 funding level, it should provide for modest growth in the DoD's modernization budgets for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.

28 

Index 

The principal element of the Company's operating expenses as a percentage of sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2015

Revenue increased by 63.2% to $54.9 million for the third quarter of 2016, from $33.7 million for the same period in 2015. Such increase primarily consists of increases in sales under the U.S. Air Force NETCENTS-2 contract. As discussed above, NETCENTS-2 is an IDIQ contract utilized by multiple government customers and sales under NETCENTS-2 varied from period to period according to the solution mix and timing of deliverables for a particular period. Services revenue increased to $43.5 million for the third quarter of 2016 from $23.9 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to increases in sales of $18.7 million of Cyber Operations and Defense in Secure Mobility deliverables, $3.7 million of Cyber Operations and Defense in Cyber Security deliverables, and $0.6 million of Identity Management solutions, offset by a decrease in sales of $3.4 million of IT   Enterprise solutions. The change in product and services revenue varies from period to period depending on the mix of solutions sold and the nature of such solutions, as well as the timing of deliverables. Product revenue increased to $11.5 million for the third quarter of 2016 from $9.8 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to increases in sales of $1.0 million of Cyber Operations and Defense in Cyber Security proprietary software deliverables, $0.9 million of Identity Management solutions, offset by decreases in sales of $0.2 million of Cyber Operations and Defense in Secure Mobility deliverables, and $0.1 million of IT   Enterprise solutions.

Cost of sales increased by 61.7% to $40.4 million for the third quarter of 2016 from $25.0 million for the same period in 2015, primarily due to increases in revenue of $21.3 million, coupled with a decreased cost of sales as a percentage of revenue of 0.7%. Cost of sales for services increased by $15.7 million, and as a percentage of services revenue increased by 2.5%, due to a change in the mix of the programs and timing of certain Telos-installed solutions in Cyber Operations and Defense in Secure Mobility, as well as the loss of a contract in IT   Enterprise Solutions. Cost of sales for products decreased by $0.3 million, and as a percentage of product revenue decreased by 13.1%, primarily due to improved product reselling margins. The increase in cost of sales for services is not necessarily indicative of a trend as the mix of solutions sold and the nature of such solutions can vary from period to period, and further can be affected by the timing of deliverables.

29 

Index 

Gross profit increased by 67.6% to $14.5 million for the third quarter of 2016 from $8.7 million for the same period in 2015. Gross margin increased to 26.4% in the third quarter of 2016, from 25.8% for the same period in 2015. Services gross margin decreased to 23.0% from 25.6%, and product gross margin increased to 39.4% from 26.3%, due primarily to a change in program mix during the period as noted above.

Selling, general, and administrative expense (SG A) increased by 42.5% to $11.7 million for the third quarter of 2016, from $8.2 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to increases in accrued bonuses of $2.4 million, labor costs of $1.0 million, and outside services of $0.5 million, bank charges of $0.2 million, offset by a decrease in amortization of other intangible assets of $0.6 million.

Operating income was $2.9 million for the third quarter of 2016, compared to $0.5 million for the same period in 2015, due primarily to an increase in gross profit offset by an increase in SG A as noted above.

Interest expense decreased by $78,000 for the third quarter of 2016, primarily due to a decrease in interest on the Facility.

Income tax provision was $158,000 for the third quarter of 2016, compared to income tax benefit of $618,000 for the same period in 2015, which is based on the estimated annual effective tax rate applied to the pretax income incurred for the quarter, based on our expectation of pretax loss for the fiscal year.

Net loss attributable to Telos Corporation was $0.1 million for the third quarter of 2016, compared to $1.4 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to the increase in operating income for the quarter as discussed above.

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015

Revenue increased by 16.1% to $108.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $93.7 million in the same period in 2015. Such increase primarily consists of increases in sales under the U.S. Air Force NETCENTS contract. As discussed above, NETCENTS is an IDIQ contract utilized by multiple government customers and sales under NETCENTS varied from period to period according to the solution mix and timing of deliverables for a particular period. Services revenue increased to $91.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $74.2 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to increases in sales of $11.0 million of Cyber Operations and Defense in Secure Mobility deliverables, $9.0 million of Cyber Operations and Defense in Cyber Security deliverables, and $2.4 million of Identity Management solutions, offset by a decrease in sales of $5.3 million of IT   Enterprise solutions. The change in product and services revenue varies from period to period depending on the mix of solutions sold and the nature of such solutions, as well as the timing of deliverables. Product revenue decreased to $17.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $19.5 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to decreases in sales of $2.3 million of Cyber Operations and Defense in Secure Mobility deliverables, and $0.3 million of IT   Enterprise solutions, offset by increases in sales of $0.5 million of Cyber Operations and Defense in Cyber Security proprietary software deliverables, $0.1 million of Identity Management solutions.

Cost of sales increased by 4.4% to $74.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $71.1 million for the same period in 2015, due primarily to the increase in revenue.

Gross profit increased by 52.8% to $34.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $22.6 million compared to the same period in 2015, due primarily to the change in the mix of the solutions sold as discussed above.  Gross margin increased to 31.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from 24.1% in the same period in 2015.

SG A expense increased 21.7% to $30.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $25.0 million for the same period in 2015, primarily due to increases in accrued bonuses of $2.7 million, labor costs of $2.0 million, outside services of $0.6 million, bank charges of $0.3 million, legal costs of $0.2 million, and trade show expenses of $0.2 million, offset by a decrease in amortization of other intangible assets of $0.6 million.

30 

Index 

Operating income was $4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to operating loss of $2.4 million for the same period in 2015, due primarily to an increase in gross profit offset by an increase in SG A as noted above.

Interest expense decreased 1.6% to $4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $4.2 million for the same period in 2015, primarily due to a decrease in interest on the Facility, offset by an increase in interest on the Porter Notes.

Income tax provision was $181,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to income tax benefit of $1.8 million for the same period in 2015, which is based on the estimated annual effective tax rate applied to the pretax income for the nine month period, adjusted for the income tax provision previously provided, based on our expectation of pretax loss for the fiscal year.

Net loss attributable to Telos Corporation was $2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $6.6 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to the increase in operating income as discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As described in more detail below, we maintained a revolving credit facility (the "Facility") with Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Inc. ("Wells Fargo") until July 15, 2016. Borrowings under the Facility were collateralized by substantially all of our assets including inventory, equipment, and accounts receivable. The amount of available borrowings fluctuated based on the underlying asset-borrowing base, in general 85% of our trade accounts receivable, as adjusted by certain reserves (as further defined in the Facility agreement). The Facility provided us with virtually all of the liquidity we required to meet our operating, investing and financing needs prior to July 15, 2016.

On July 15, 2016, the outstanding balance under the Facility was paid in full. On July 15, 2016, we entered into an Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with Republic Capital Access, LLC ("RCA" or "Buyer"), pursuant to which we may offer for sale, and RCA, in its sole discretion, may purchase, eligible accounts receivable relating to U.S. government prime contracts or subcontracts of the Company (collectively, the "Purchased Receivables"). Additionally, on July 15, 2016, we entered into a Financing and Security Agreement (the "Financing Agreement") with Action Capital Corporation ("Action Capital"), pursuant to which Action Capital agreed to provide the Company with advances of up to 90% of the net amount of certain acceptable customer accounts of the Company that have been assigned as collateral to Action Capital (the "Acceptable Accounts"). The willingness of RCA to purchase our accounts receivable under the Purchase Agreement and of Action Capital to make advances under the Financing Agreement, and our ability to obtain additional financing, may be limited due to various factors, including the eligibility of our receivables, the status of our business, global credit market conditions, and perceptions of our business or industry by RCA, Action Capital, or other potential sources of financing. If we are unable to maintain the new financing arrangements, we would need to obtain additional credit to fund our future operations. If credit is available in that event, lenders may impose more restrictive terms and higher interest rates that may reduce our borrowing capacity, increase our costs, or reduce our operating flexibility. The failure to maintain, extend, renew or replace our new sources of financing with a comparable arrangement or arrangements that provide similar amounts of liquidity for the Company would have a material negative impact on our overall liquidity, financial and operating results.

RCA initially pays the Company 90% of U.S. Federal government receivables or 85% of certain commercial prime contractors. The remaining payment is deferred and based on the amount RCA receives from our customer, less a discount fee and a program access fee that is determined by the amount of time the receivable is outstanding before payment. The structure of the transaction provides for a true sale of the receivables transferred. Accordingly, upon transfer of the receivable to RCA, the receivable is removed from the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet, a loss on the sale is recorded and the residual amount remains a deferred payment as an account receivable until payment is received from RCA. The balance of the sold receivables may not exceed $10 million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold approximately $25.8 million of receivables, and recognized a related loss of approximately $0.1 million in selling, general and administrative expenses for the same period. As of September 30, 2016, the balance of the sold receivables was approximately $4.7 million, and the related deferred price was approximately $0.7 million.

31 

Index 

On July 15, 2016, Telos repaid the entire balance of the Facility utilizing proceeds generated through new financing arrangements with RCA and Action Capital, entered into concurrently with the payoff of the Facility, and terminated the Facility. At the time of the Facility repayment, the outstanding loan balance, including accrued interest and fees, was $5.4 million. Additionally, Wells Fargo required the Company to collateralize, by cash deposit, $0.3 million for an outstanding letter of credit and as general returned item collateral.  Under the terms of the payoff letter for the Facility, RCA paid $5.7 million directly to Wells Fargo with the Company receiving the residual amount from the sale of $7.4 million of Purchased Receivables to RCA.

Additionally, at the time of the Facility repayment, approximately $2.5 million of receivables were eligible to be financed through the Action Capital credit facility at the time of closing. The Company elected not to use this credit facility to effect the payoff, instead electing to finance the payoff through the RCA facility. Since receivables under the RCA facility are sold to RCA, current assets were utilized to pay off the Facility.

The Company utilizes the RCA and Action Capital facilities in concert to meet its operating, investing and financing cash flow requirements. The Company utilized the Action Capital facility shortly after the close of the transactions.

While the Company's decision to pay off a current liability (which was a noncurrent liability in the previous period) utilizing current assets (even though it had a noncurrent financing option for a substantial amount of the payoff available to it) had, and this quarter continues to have a negative effect on working capital as of the balance sheet date, the Company views this as a temporary situation that will begin to be reversed as it utilizes the Action Capital facility to finance its operations, as receivables that have not been financed through either facility are collected, and as it continues to generate earnings from operations.

While a variety of factors related to sources and uses of cash, such as timeliness of accounts receivable collections, vendor credit terms, or significant collateral requirements, ultimately impact our liquidity, such factors may or may not have a direct impact on our liquidity based on how the transactions associated with such circumstances impact our availability under our credit arrangements. For example, a contractual requirement to post collateral for a duration of several months, depending on the materiality of the amount, could have an immediate negative effect on our liquidity, as such a circumstance would utilize cash resources without a near-term cash inflow back to us. Likewise, the release of such collateral could have a corresponding positive effect on our liquidity, as it would represent an addition to our cash resources without any corresponding near-term cash outflow. Similarly, a slow-down of payments from a customer, group of customers or government payment office would not have an immediate and direct effect on our availability unless the slowdown was material in amount and over an extended period of time. Any of these examples would have an impact on our cash resources, our financing arrangements, and therefore our liquidity.

Additionally, as a result of operations for 2014, and the continued impact of contract delays as well as other government budgetary funding issues, management determined the need to raise additional working capital. Accordingly, in December 2014, we sold 10% of the membership interests in Telos ID to the Telos ID Class B member for $5 million, and, in March 2015, we issued subordinated notes in the amount of $2.5 million to affiliated entities of John R.C. Porter ("Porter Notes"), a holder of Telos Class A Common Stock and Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. Management currently believes that the Company's existing borrowing capacity is sufficient to fund our capital and liquidity needs for the next 12 months. Management may determine that, in order to reduce capital and liquidity requirements, planned spending on capital projects and indirect expense growth may be curtailed, subject to growth in operating results. Should management determine that additional capital is required, management would likely look first to the sources of funding discussed above to meet any requirements, although no assurances can be given that these investors would be able to invest or that the Company and the investors would agree upon terms for such investments.

Our working capital was $(5.6) million and $1.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. See discussion above regarding the effect on working capital as of the balance sheet date of the subsequent origination of the RCA and Action Capital facilities and payoff of the Wells Fargo Facility.

32 

Index 

Cash provided by operating activities was $14.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4.0 million for the same period in 2015. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is primarily driven by the Company's operating income, the timing of customer receivables and receipt of customer payments which used $4.3 million, the timing of its payments to vendors which provided $14 million, and the timing of its accruals and payments to employees, inclusive of bonus accruals, which provided $3.3 million, and the timing of inventory turnover which used $4.9 million, adjusted for certain non-cash items that do not impact cash flows from operating activities. Additionally, net loss was $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.

Cash used in investing activities was approximately $0.4 million and $0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to the purchase of property and equipment.

Cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $11.6 million, compared to $3.7 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to net repayments of $8.5 million to the Facility and distribution of $1.3 million to the Telos ID Class B member for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net repayments of $4.3 million to the Facility, distribution of $1.3 million to the Telos ID Class B member, offset by proceeds of $2.5 million from the Porter Notes for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.

Additionally, our capital structure consists of redeemable preferred stock and common stock. The capital structure is complex and requires an understanding of the terms of the instruments, certain restrictions on scheduled payments and redemptions of the various instruments, and the interrelationship of the instruments especially as it relates to the subordination hierarchy. Therefore, a thorough understanding of how our capital structure impacts our liquidity is necessary and accordingly we have disclosed the relevant information about each instrument as follows:

Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement

On July 15, 2016, we entered into the Purchase Agreement. Upon purchase of Purchased Receivables, RCA becomes the absolute owner of any such Purchased Receivables, which are payable directly to RCA, subject to certain repurchase obligations of the Company. The total amount of Purchased Receivables is subject to a maximum limit of $10 million of outstanding Purchased Receivables (the "Maximum Amount") at any given time. The Purchase Agreement has an initial term expiring on June 30, 2018 and automatically renews for successive 12 month renewal periods unless terminated in writing by either the Company or RCA.

The initial purchase price of a Purchased Receivable is equal to 90% of the face value of the receivable if the account debtor is an agency of the U.S. government, and 85% if the account debtor is not an agency of the U.S. government; provided, however, that RCA has the right to adjust these initial purchase price rates in its sole discretion. After collection by RCA of the portion of a Purchased Receivable in excess of the initial purchase price, RCA shall pay the Company the residual 10% or 15% of such Purchased Receivable, as appropriate, less (i) a discount factor equal to 0.30%, for federal government prime contracts (or 0.56% for non-federal government investment grade account obligors or 0.62% for non-federal government non-investment grade account obligors) of the face amounts of Purchased Receivables; (ii) a program access fee equal to 0.008% of the daily ending account balance for each day that the Purchased Receivable is outstanding; (iii) a commitment fee equal to 1% per annum of Maximum Amount minus the amount of Purchased Receivables outstanding; and (iv) fees, costs and expenses relating to the preparation, administration and enforcement of the Purchase Agreement and any other related agreements. At the time the Purchase Agreement was signed, the Company received proceeds in an amount equal to $6.3 million, net of an initial enrollment fee equal to $25,000. Those proceeds were used to repay the outstanding amount under the Facility to Wells Fargo.

The Purchase Agreement provides that in the event, but only to the extent, that the conveyance of Purchased Receivables by the Company is characterized by a court or other governmental authority as a loan rather than a sale, the Company shall be deemed to have granted RCA, effective as of the date of the first purchase under the Purchase Agreement, a security interest in all of the Company's right, title and interest in, to and under all of the Purchased Receivables, whether now or hereafter owned, existing or arising.

33 

Index 

The Company provides a power of attorney to RCA to take certain actions in the Company's stead, including (a) to sell, assign or transfer in whole or in part any of the Purchased Receivables; (b) to demand, receive and give releases to any account debtor with respect to amounts due under any Purchased Receivables; (c) to notify all account debtors with respect to the Purchased Receivables; and (d) to take any actions necessary to perfect RCA's interests in the Purchased Receivables.

The Company is liable to Buyer for any fraudulent statements and all representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnities made by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. It is considered an event of default if (a) the Company fails to pay any amounts it owes to RCA when due (subject to a cure period); (b) the Company has voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceedings commenced by or against it; (c) the Company is no longer solvent or is generally not paying its debts as they become due; (d) any voluntary liens, garnishments, attachments, or the like are issued against or attach to the Purchased Receivables; (e) the Company breaches any warranty, representation, or covenant (subject to a cure period); (f) the Company is not in compliance or has otherwise defaulted under any document or obligation in favor of RCA or an RCA affiliate; or (g) the Purchase Agreement or any material provision terminates (other than in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement) or ceases to be effective or to be a binding obligation of the Company. If any such event of default occurs, then RCA may take certain actions, including ceasing to buy any eligible receivables, declaring any indebtedness or other obligations immediately due and payable, or terminating the Purchase Agreement.

Financing and Security Agreement

On July 15, 2016, we entered into the Financing Agreement. The maximum outstanding principal amount of advances under the Financing Agreement was $2.5 million, which was subsequently increased to $5 million on September 6, 2016. The Financing Agreement has a term of two years, provided that the Company may terminate it at any time without penalty upon written notice. At the time the Financing Agreement was signed, the Company did not borrow any amounts under the Financing Agreement.

The Company shall pay Action Capital interest on the advances outstanding under the Financing Agreement at a rate equal to the prime rate of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in effect on the last business day of the prior month plus 2%, and a monthly fee equal to 0.50%. All interest calculations are based on a year of 360 days. The Company's obligations under the Financing Agreement are secured by certain assets of the Company pertaining to the Acceptable Accounts, including all accounts, accounts receivable, earned and unbilled revenue, contract rights, chattel paper, documents, instruments, general intangibles, reserves, reserve accounts, rebates, books and records, and all proceeds of the foregoing.

Pursuant to the terms of the Financing Agreement, Action Capital shall have full recourse against the Company when an Acceptable Account is not paid in full by the respective customer within 90 days of the date of purchase or if for any reason it ceases to be an Acceptable Account, including the right to charge-back any such Acceptable Account. It is considered an event of default if the Company breaches any covenant or warranty, knowingly provides false or incorrect material information to Action Capital, or otherwise defaults on any of its material obligations under the Financing Agreement or any other material agreements with Action Capital (subject to a cure period). If any such events of default occur, then Action Capital may take certain actions, including declaring any indebtedness immediately due and payable, requiring any customers with Acceptable Accounts to make payments directly to Action Capital, exercising its power of attorney from the Company to take actions in the Company's stead with respect to any of Company's Acceptable Accounts, or terminating the Financing Agreement.

As of September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Financing Agreement.

34 

Index 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement and the Financing Agreement, we terminated the Facility with Wells Fargo, effective as of July 15, 2016, prior to its maturity date of April 1, 2017, and repaid all amounts outstanding under the Facility; other than (1) the obligations of the Company under the Facility and related loan documents with respect to letters of credits and fees, charges, costs and expenses related thereto, (2) the obligations of the Company under the Facility and related loan documents to reimburse Wells Fargo for costs and expenses that may become due and payable after the date of the termination of the Facility, and (3) any customary contingent indemnification obligations. The Company paid an early termination fee of $100,000, and no other early termination fees or prepayment penalties were incurred by the Company in connection with the termination of the Facility.

Senior Revolving Credit Facility

On March 31, 2015, we amended our Facility with Wells Fargo ("the Twelfth Amendment") to extend the maturity date to April 1, 2016. The Twelfth Amendment also amended the terms of the Facility, reducing the total credit available from $30 million to $20 million, and reducing the letter of credit sub-line limit from $5 million to $1 million. The reduced limits under the Facility more appropriately reflected the Company's projected utilization of the Facility. The Twelfth Amendment required quarterly installment payments of $350,000 beginning April 1, 2015, and extended the maturity date to April 1, 2016. The Twelfth Amendment established EBITDA and recurring revenue covenants, amending and restating in the entirety previously established financial covenants. The Twelfth Amendment authorized the issuance of $5 million in subordinated notes to affiliated entities of John R.C. Porter ("Porter Notes"), a holder of Telos Class A Common Stock and Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. The Twelfth Amendment also established a minimum excess availability requirement under the revolving component of $1.25 million and allowed for the payment of interest under the Porter Notes, subject to separate subordination agreements. In consideration for the closing of the Twelfth Amendment, we paid Wells Fargo a fee of $150,000, plus expenses related to the closing.

On March 30, 2016 the Facility was amended ("the Seventeenth Amendment") to extend the maturity date to January 1, 2017. The Seventeenth Amendment also amended the terms of the Facility, reducing the total credit available from $20 million to $10 million effective as of the date of the amendment, which more appropriately reflected the Company's projected utilization of the Facility. The Seventeenth Amendment set the quarterly EBITDA covenants to more accurately reflect the Company's current operating budget. All other financial covenants remained unchanged. The Seventeenth Amendment eliminated the bottom tier of pricing established in the Twelfth Amendment, fixing the interest rate at the higher of the Wells Fargo Bank "prime rate" plus 2.25%, the Federal Funds rate plus 2.75%, or the 3-month LIBOR rate plus 3.25%. The Seventeenth Amendment also increased the minimum excess availability requirement under the revolving component from $1.25 million to $2.0 million, effective as of the date of the amendment, and increased the requirement to $2.5 million, effective July 1, 2016, and $3.0 million, effective November 1, 2016, if the Company did not receive $5 million of equity or subordinated debt investment by June 1, 2016. If such capital investment was not received by June 1, 2016, we would pay a fee of $100,000 to Wells Fargo, which was paid in June 2016. In consideration for the closing of the Seventeenth Amendment, we paid Wells Fargo a fee of $100,000, plus expenses related to the closing.

On May 16, 2016, the Facility was amended to extend the maturity date to April 1, 2017.

We incurred interest expense in the amount of $14,000 and $220,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.2 million and $0.4 million for the three and nine  months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, on the Facility.

At December 31, 2015, we had outstanding borrowings of $8.5 million on the Facility, which included the $3.2 million term loan, of which $1.4 million was short-term. At December 31, 2015, we had unused borrowing availability on the Facility of $5.8 million, respectively.  The effective weighted average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under the Facility was 7.3% and 6.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

On July 15, 2016, the outstanding balance under the Facility was paid in full.

35 

Index 

Subordinated Debt

On March 31, 2015, the Company entered into Subordinated Loan Agreements and Subordinated Promissory Notes ("Porter Notes") with affiliated entities of Mr. John R. C. Porter (together referenced as "Porter"). Mr. Porter and Toxford Corporation, of which Mr. Porter is the sole shareholder, own 39.3% of our Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the Porter Notes, Porter lent the Company $2.5 million on or about March 31, 2015. Telos also entered into Subordination and Intercreditor Agreements (the "Subordination Agreements") with Porter and Wells Fargo, in which the Porter Notes are fully subordinated to the Facility and any subsequent senior lenders (including Action Capital), and payments under the Porter Notes are permitted only if certain conditions are met. According to the terms of the Porter Notes, the outstanding principal sum bears interest at the fixed rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum which would be payable in arrears in cash on the 20th day of each May, August, November and February, with the first interest payment date due on August 20, 2015. The Porter Notes do not call for amortization payments and are unsecured. The unpaid principal, together with interest, is due and payable in full on July 1, 2017. The Porter Notes, in whole or in part, may be repaid at any time without premium or penalty. We incurred interest expense in the amount of $75,000 and $225,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $76,000 and $153,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, on the Porter Notes. In accordance with the terms of the Porter Notes, interest has been accrued but was not paid due to restrictions on the payment of interest in the Subordination Agreements, and is not expected to be paid in the near term.

Redeemable Preferred Stock

We currently have two primary classes of redeemable preferred stock - Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock and Public Preferred Stock. These classes of stock carry cumulative dividend rates of 14.125% and 12%, respectively. We accrue dividends on both classes of redeemable preferred stock and provided for accretion related to the Public Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2008, the Public Preferred Stock was fully accreted. The total carrying amount of redeemable preferred stock, including accumulated and unpaid dividends was $128.9 million and $125.9 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. We recorded dividends of $1.0 million and $2.9 million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, on the two classes of redeemable preferred stock, and such amounts have been included in interest expense. 

Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock

The Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock is senior to all other outstanding equity of the Company, including the Public Preferred Stock. The Series A-1 ranks on a parity with the Series A-2. The components of the authorized Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock are 1,250 shares of Series A-1 and 1,750 shares of Series A-2 Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock, each with $.01 par value. The Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock carries a cumulative per annum dividend rate of 14.125% of its liquidation value of $1,000 per share. The dividends are payable semiannually on June 30 and December 31 of each year. We have not declared dividends on our Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock since its issuance. The liquidation preference of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock is the face amount of the Series A-1 and A-2 ($1,000 per share), plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.

Due to the terms of the Facility, the Porter Notes, the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock and applicable provisions of Maryland law governing the payment of distributions, we have been precluded from redeeming the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock and paying any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock, other than described below. Certain holders of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock have entered into standby agreements whereby, among other things, those holders will not demand any payments in respect of dividends or redemptions of their instruments and the maturity dates of the instruments have been extended. As a result of such standby agreements, as of September 30, 2016, instruments held by Toxford Corporation ("Toxford"), the holder of 76.4% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock, will mature on May 31, 2018. 

As of September 30, 2016, Mr. John Porter held 6.3% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. In the aggregate, as of September 30, Mr. Porter and Toxford held a total of 163 shares and 228 shares of Series A-1 and Series A-2 Redeemable Preferred Stock, respectively, or 82.7% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. Mr. Porter is the sole stockholder of Toxford. Mr. Porter and Toxford own 39.3% of our Class A Common Stock.

36 

Index 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total number of shares of Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was 197 shares and 276 shares for Series A-1 and Series A-2, respectively. Due to the limitations, contractual restrictions, and agreements described above, the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock is classified as noncurrent as of September 30, 2016.

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, cumulative undeclared, unpaid dividends relating to Senior Redeemable Preferred stock totaled $1.6 million. We accrued dividends on the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock of $17,000 and $50,000 for the each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which were reported as interest expense. Prior to the effective date of ASC 480-10, "Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity," on July 1, 2003, such dividends were charged to stockholders' deficit.

Public Preferred Stock

A maximum of 6,000,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share, has been authorized for issuance. We initially issued 2,858,723 shares of the Public Preferred Stock pursuant to the acquisition of the Company during fiscal year 1990. The Public Preferred Stock was recorded at fair value on the date of original issue, November 21, 1989, and we made periodic accretions under the interest method of the excess of the redemption value over the recorded value. We adjusted our estimate of accrued accretion in the amount of $1.5 million in the second quarter of 2006. The Public Preferred Stock was fully accreted as of December 2008. We declared stock dividends totaling 736,863 shares in 1990 and 1991. Since 1991, no other dividends, in stock or cash, have been declared. In November 1998, we retired 410,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock. The total number of shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 3,185,586. The Public Preferred Stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and the OTC Pink marketplace.

Since 1991, no dividends were declared or paid on our Public Preferred Stock, based upon our interpretation of restrictions in our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, limitations in the terms of the Public Preferred Stock instrument, specific dividend payment restrictions in the Facility and the Porter Notes to which the Public Preferred Stock is subject, other senior obligations, and Maryland law limitations in existence prior to October 1, 2009.  Subsequent to the 2009 Maryland law change, dividend payments continue to be prohibited except under certain specific circumstances as set forth in Maryland Code Section 2-311, which the Company does not currently satisfy. Pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Amendment and Restatement, we were scheduled, but not required, to redeem the Public Preferred Stock in five annual tranches during the period 2005 through 2009. However, due to our substantial senior obligations, limitations set forth in the covenants in the Facility and the Porter Notes, foreseeable capital and operational requirements, and restrictions and prohibitions of our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, we were unable to meet the redemption schedule set forth in the terms of the Public Preferred Stock. Moreover, the Public Preferred Stock is not payable on demand, nor callable, for failure to redeem the Public Preferred Stock in accordance with the redemption schedule set forth in the instrument. Therefore, we classify these securities as noncurrent liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

Until July 15, 2016, we were parties with certain of our subsidiaries to the Facility agreement with Wells Fargo. Under the Facility, we agreed that, so long as any credit under the Facility is available and until full and final payment of the obligations under the Facility, we would not make any distribution or declare or pay any dividends (other than common stock) on our stock, or purchase, acquire, or redeem any stock, or exchange any stock for indebtedness, or retire any stock. Additionally, the Porter Notes contain similar prohibitions on dividend payments or stock redemptions.

Accordingly, as stated above, we will continue to classify the entirety of our obligation to redeem the Public Preferred Stock as a long-term obligation. The Porter Notes and the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock prohibit, among other things, the redemption of any stock, common or preferred, other than as described above. The Public Preferred Stock by its terms also cannot be redeemed if doing so would violate the terms of an agreement regarding the borrowing of funds or the extension of credit which is binding upon us or any of our subsidiaries, and it does not include any other provisions that would otherwise require any acceleration of the redemption of or amortization payments with respect to the Public Preferred Stock. Thus, the Public Preferred Stock is not and will not be due on demand, nor callable, within 12 months from September 30, 2016.  This classification is consistent with ASC 210-10, "Balance Sheet" and 470-10, "Debt" and the FASB ASC Master Glossary definition of "Current Liabilities."

37 

Index 

ASC 210-10 and the FASB ASC Master Glossary define current liabilities as follows: The term current liabilities is used principally to designate obligations whose liquidation is reasonably expected to require the use of existing resources properly classifiable as current assets, or the creation of other current liabilities. As a balance sheet category, the classification is intended to include obligations for items which have entered into the operating cycle, such as payables incurred in the acquisition of materials and supplies to be used in the production of goods or in providing services to be offered for sale; collections received in advance of the delivery of goods or performance of services; and debts that arise from operations directly related to the operating cycle, such as accruals for wages, salaries, commissions, rentals, royalties, and income and other taxes. Other liabilities whose regular and ordinary liquidation is expected to occur within a relatively short period of time, usually twelve months, are also intended for inclusion, such as short-term debts arising from the acquisition of capital assets, serial maturities of long-term obligations, amounts required to be expended within one year under sinking fund provisions, and agency obligations arising from the collection or acceptance of cash or other assets for the account of third persons.

ASC 470-10 provides the following: The current liability classification is also intended to include obligations that, by their terms, are due on demand or will be due on demand within one year (or operating cycle, if longer) from the balance sheet date, even though liquidation may not be expected within that period. It is also intended to include long-term obligations that are or will be callable by the creditor either because the debtor's violation of a provision of the debt agreement at the balance sheet date makes the obligation callable or because the violation, if not cured within a specified grace period, will make the obligation callable.

If, pursuant to the terms of the Public Preferred Stock, we do not redeem the Public Preferred Stock in accordance with the scheduled redemptions described above, the terms of the Public Preferred Stock require us to discharge our obligation to redeem the Public Preferred Stock as soon as we are financially capable and legally permitted to do so. Therefore, by its very terms, the Public Preferred Stock is not due on demand or callable for failure to make a scheduled payment pursuant to its redemption provisions and is properly classified as a noncurrent liability.

We pay dividends on the Public Preferred Stock when and if declared by the Board of Directors. The Public Preferred Stock accrues a semi-annual dividend at the annual rate of 12% ($1.20) per share, based on the liquidation preference of $10 per share and is fully cumulative. Dividends in additional shares of the Public Preferred Stock for 1990 and 1991 were paid at the rate of 6% of a share for each $.60 of such dividends not paid in cash. For the cash dividends payable since December 1, 1995, we have accrued $94.9 million and $92.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. We accrued dividends on the Public Preferred Stock of $1.0 million and $2.9 million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which was recorded as interest expense. Prior to the effective date of ASC 480-10 on July 1, 2003, such dividends were charged to stockholders' accumulated deficit.

The carrying value of the accrued Paid-in-Kind ("PIK") dividends on the Public Preferred Stock for the period 1992 through June 1995 was $4.0 million. Had we accrued such dividends on a cash basis for this time period, the total amount accrued would have been $15.1 million. However, as a result of the redemption of the 410,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock in November 1998, such amounts were reduced and adjusted to $3.5 million and $13.4 million, respectively. Our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, Section 2(a) states, "Any dividends payable with respect to the Exchangeable Preferred Stock ("Public Preferred Stock") during the first six years after the Effective Date (November 20, 1989) may be paid (subject to restrictions under applicable state law), in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors, in cash or by issuing additional fully paid and nonassessable shares of Exchangeable Preferred Stock  ".  Accordingly, the Board had the discretion to pay the dividends for the referenced period in cash or by the issuance of additional shares of Public Preferred Stock. During the period in which we stated our intent to pay PIK dividends, we stated our intention to amend our Charter to permit such payment by the issuance of additional shares of Public Preferred Stock. In consequence, as required by applicable accounting requirements, the accrual for these dividends was recorded at the estimated fair value (as the average of the ask and bid prices) on the dividend date of the shares of Public Preferred Stock that would have been (but were not) issued. This accrual was $9.9 million lower than the accrual would be if the intent was only to pay the dividend in cash, at that date or any later date.

38 

Index 

In May 2006, the Board concluded that the accrual of PIK dividends for the period 1992 through June 1995 was no longer appropriate. Since 1995, we have disclosed in the footnotes to our audited financial statements the carrying value of the accrued PIK dividends on the Public Preferred Stock for the period 1992 through June 1995 as $4.0 million, and that had we accrued cash dividends during this time period, the total amount accrued would have been $15.1 million. As stated above, such amounts were reduced and adjusted to $3.5 million and $13.4 million, respectively, due to the redemption of 410,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock in November 1998. On May 12, 2006, the Board voted to confirm that our intent with respect to the payment of dividends on the Public Preferred Stock for this period changed from its previously stated intent to pay PIK dividends to that of an intent to pay cash dividends. We therefore changed the accrual from $3.5 million to $13.4 million, the result of which was to increase our negative shareholder equity by the $9.9 million difference between those two amounts, by recording an additional $9.9 million charge to interest expense for the second quarter of 2006, resulting in a balance of $126.9 million and $123.9 million for the principal amount and all accrued dividends on the Public Preferred Stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. This action is considered a change in assumption that results in a change in accounting estimate as defined in ASC 250-10, which sets forth guidance concerning accounting changes and error corrections.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements.

Critical Accounting Policies

There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016.

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Until July 15, 2016, we were exposed to interest rate volatility with regard to our variable rate debt obligations under the Facility.  The effective weighted average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under the Facility was 6.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.

39 

Index 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

An evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure .

Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

PART II OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings

Information regarding legal proceedings may be found in Note 8   Commitments and Contingencies to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

Item 1A.  Risk Factors

There were no material changes in the third quarter of 2016 in our risk factors as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016.

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

None.

40 

Index 

Item 3.    Defaults upon Senior Securities

Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock

We have not declared dividends on our Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series A-1 and A-2, since issuance. At September 30, 2016, total undeclared unpaid dividends accrued for financial reporting purposes are $1.6 million for the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. We were required to redeem all shares and accrued dividends outstanding on October 31, 2005. However, certain holders of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock have entered into standby agreements whereby, among other things, those holders will not demand any payments in respect of dividends or redemptions of their instruments and the maturity dates of the instruments have been extended. As a result of such standby agreements, as of September 30, 2016, instruments held by Toxford Corporation ("Toxford"), the holder of 76.4% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock, will mature on May 31, 2018. As of September 30, 2016, Mr. Porter held 6.3% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. In the aggregate, as of September 30, 2016, Mr. Porter and Toxford held a total of 163 shares and 228 shares of Series A-1 and Series A-2 Redeemable Preferred Stock, respectively, or 82.7% of the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. Mr. Porter is the sole stockholder of Toxford. Subject to limitations set forth below, we were scheduled to redeem 14.7% and 8.9% of the outstanding shares and accrued dividends outstanding on October 31, 2005 and December 31, 2011, respectively. Due to the terms of the Facility, the Porter Notes, the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock and applicable provisions of Maryland law governing the payment of distributions, we have been precluded from redeeming the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock and paying any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Senior Redeemable Preferred Stock. 

12% Cumulative Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Stock

Through November 21, 1995, we had the option to pay dividends in additional shares of Public Preferred Stock in lieu of cash (provided there were no restrictions on payment as further discussed below). As more fully explained in the next paragraph, dividends are payable by us, when and if declared by the Board of Directors, commencing June 1, 1990, and on each six month anniversary thereof. Dividends in additional shares of the Preferred Stock for 1990 and 1991 were paid at the rate of 6% of a share for each $.60 of such dividends not paid in cash. Dividends for the years 1992 through 1994, and for the dividend payable June 1, 1995, were accrued under the assumption that such dividends would be paid in additional shares of preferred stock and were valued at $4.0 million. Had we accrued these dividends on a cash basis, the total amount accrued would have been $15.1 million. However, as a result of the redemption of the 410,000 shares of the Public Preferred Stock in November 1998, such amounts were reduced and adjusted to $3.5 million and $13.4 million, respectively. As more fully disclosed in Note 6   Redeemable Preferred Stock, in the second quarter of 2006, we accrued an additional $9.9 million in interest expense to reflect our intent to pay cash dividends in lieu of stock dividends, for the years 1992 through 1994, and for the dividend payable June 1, 1995. We have accrued $94.9 million and $92.1 million in cash dividends as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.

Since 1991, no other dividends were   declared or paid on our Public Preferred Stock, based upon our interpretation of restrictions in our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, filed with the State of Maryland on January 5, 1992, as amended on April 14, 1995 ("Charter"), limitations in the terms of the Public Preferred Stock instrument, specific dividend payment restrictions in the Facility and the Porter Notes, other senior obligations and Maryland law limitations in existence prior to October 1, 2009. Subsequent to the 2009 Maryland law change, dividend payments continue to be prohibited except under certain specific circumstances as set forth in Maryland Code Section 2-311, which the Company does not currently satisfy. Pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Amendment and Restatement, we were scheduled, but not required, to redeem the Public Preferred Stock in five annual tranches during the period 2005 through 2009. However, due to our substantial senior obligations, limitations set forth in the covenants in the Facility and the Porter Notes, foreseeable capital and operational requirements, and restrictions and prohibitions of our Charter, we were and remain unable to meet the redemption schedule set forth in the terms of the Public Preferred Stock instrument. Moreover, the Public Preferred Stock is not payable on demand, nor callable, for failure to redeem the Public Preferred Stock in accordance with the redemption schedule set forth in the instrument. Therefore, we classify these securities as noncurrent liabilities in the balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

Item 5.    Other Information

None.

41 

Index 

Item 6.    Exhibits

Exhibit

Number

Description of Exhibit

10.1

Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement between Telos Corporation and Republic Capital Access, LLC dated July 15, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 filed with the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K on July 21, 2016)

10.2

Financing and Security Agreement between Telos Corporation and Action Capital Corporation, dated July 15, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 filed with the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K on July 21, 2016)

10.3

Amendment to Financing and Security Agreement Between the Company and Action Capital Corporation dated September 6, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 filed with the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K on September 9, 2016)

31.1*

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2*

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32*

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS**

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH**

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL**

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.DEF**

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB**

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

101.PRE**

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

*   filed herewith

** in accordance with Regulation S-T, the XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q shall be deemed to be "furnished" and not "filed"

42 

Index 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date:  November 14, 2016

TELOS CORPORATION

/s/ John B. Wood

John B. Wood

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Michele Nakazawa

Michele Nakazawa

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

43  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION

I, John B. Wood, certify that:

1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Telos Corporation;

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)          Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)    Disclosed  in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and   to the audit committee of registrant's board of directors:

a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting  which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:   November 14, 2016

/s/ John B. Wood 

John B. Wood

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION

I, Michele Nakazawa, certify that:

1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Telos Corporation;

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)          Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)    Disclosed  in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and   to the audit committee of registrant's board of directors:

a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting  which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:   November 14, 2016

/s/ Michele Nakazawa 

Michele Nakazawa

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Telos Corporation (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), we, John B. Wood and Michele Nakazawa, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date:   November 14, 2016

/s/ John B. Wood 

John B. Wood

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

Date:   November 14, 2016

/s/ Michele Nakazawa 

Michele Nakazawa

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 tlsrp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tlsrp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tlsrp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tlsrp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tlsrp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tlsrp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

