<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_846617_0001571049-16-019589_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10437819</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151182</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>484898</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2614781</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4873619</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2071746</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>108</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019589.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107171147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019589
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIDGE BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000846617
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				112934195
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34096
		FILM NUMBER:		161979093

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 MONTAUK HGWAY
		CITY:			BRIDGEHAMPTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11932
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6315371000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 3005
		CITY:			BRIDGEHAMPTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11932

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019589.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 t1602600_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

Commission file number 001-34096 

BRIDGE
BANCORP, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

NEW YORK   
       11-2934195    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction
    of incorporation or organization)  
      (IRS Employer Identification
    Number)   

2200 MONTAUK HIGHWAY, BRIDGEHAMPTON, NEW YORK   
       11932    
 
      (Address of principal
    executive offices)  
      (Zip Code)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (631) 537-1000 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  x 
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes
  x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer  x   

Non-accelerated filer     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

There were 17,479,121 shares of
common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2016. 

BRIDGE BANCORP, INC.  

Table of Contents   

Item 1. Financial Statements  

    BRIDGE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)  

 ( In thousands, except share and per share amounts ) 

See accompanying condensed notes to the Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents   

BRIDGE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited)  

 ( In thousands, except per share amounts ) 

See accompanying condensed notes to the Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents   

BRIDGE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)  

 ( In thousands ) 

See accompanying condensed notes to the Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents   

BRIDGE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (unaudited) 

 ( In thousands, except share and per share amounts ) 

See accompanying condensed notes to the Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents   

BRIDGE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)  

 ( In thousands ) 

See accompanying condensed notes to the Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents   

BRIDGE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (unaudited)  

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

Bridge Bancorp,
Inc. (the  Company ) is a bank holding company incorporated under the laws of the State of New York. The Company s
business currently consists of the operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary, The Bridgehampton National Bank (the  Bank ).
The Bank s operations include its real estate investment trust subsidiary, Bridgehampton Community, Inc. ( BCI ),
a financial title insurance subsidiary, Bridge Abstract LLC ( Bridge Abstract ), and  Bridge Financial Services,
Inc. ( Bridge Financial Services ), an investment services subsidiary. In addition to the Bank, the Company has another
subsidiary, Bridge Statutory Capital Trust II, which was formed in 2009. In accordance with current accounting guidance, the trust
is not consolidated in the Company s financial statements. 

The accompanying Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements, which include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Bank, have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the
instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included herein reflect
all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the
interim periods presented. In preparing the interim financial statements, management has made estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reported periods. Such estimates are subject to change in
the future as additional information becomes available or previously existing circumstances are modified. Actual future results
could differ significantly from those estimates. The annualized results of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that may be expected for the entire fiscal year. Certain information
and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Certain reclassifications
have been made to prior year amounts, and the related discussion and analysis, to conform to the current year presentation. These
reclassifications did not have an impact on net income or total stockholders  equity. The Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements should be read in conjunction with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

2. EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification ( FASB ASC ) No.  260-10-45 addresses whether instruments granted
in share-based payment transactions are participating securities prior to vesting and, therefore, need to be included in the earnings
allocation in computing earnings per share ( EPS ).  The restricted stock awards and certain restricted stock
units granted by the Company contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends and therefore are considered participating securities. 
The two-class method for calculating basic EPS excludes dividends paid to participating securities and any undistributed earnings
attributable to participating securities.   

Table of Contents   

The following table presents the computation of EPS for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

There were no stock options that were antidilutive
at September 30, 2016 and 2015. The $15.8 million in convertible trust preferred securities outstanding at September 30, 2016 were
dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and therefore were included in the computation of diluted EPS for
those periods. The $16.0 million in convertible trust preferred securities outstanding at September 30, 2015 were not included
in the computation of diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 because the assumed conversion of the
trust preferred securities was antidilutive during those periods. 

3. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION PLANS 

The Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors determines stock options and restricted stock awarded under the Bridge Bancorp, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan ( Plan )
and the Company accounts for this Plan under the  FASB ASC  No. 718. On May 4, 2012, the stockholders
of the Company approved the Company s 2012 Stock-Based Incentive Plan which supersedes the Bridge Bancorp, Inc. Equity Incentive
Plan that was approved in 2006. The Plan provides for the grant of stock-based and other incentive awards to officers, employees
and directors of the Company. 

No new grants of stock options were awarded
and no compensation expense was attributable to stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 because all
stock options were vested. 

The intrinsic value for stock options is
calculated based on the exercise price of the underlying awards and the market price of our common stock as of the exercise or
reporting date. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $47,000 and
$6,000, respectively. The intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $45,000 and
$48,000, respectively. 

Table of Contents   

The following table summarizes the status of the Company s
stock options as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, restricted stock awards of 68,309 shares were granted. Of the 68,309 shares granted, 36,000 shares vest over seven years
with a third vesting after years five, six and seven, 27,709 shares vest over five years with a third vesting after years three,
four and five, and 4,600 shares vest ratably over three years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, restricted stock
awards of 66,987 shares were granted. Of the 66,987 shares granted, 30,625 shares vest over seven years with a third vesting after
years five, six and seven, 24,812 shares vest over five years with a third vesting after years three, four and five, 10,550 shares
vest ratably over five years and the remaining 1,000 shares vest ratably over approximately two years. Compensation expense attributable
to restricted stock awards was $352,000 and $1.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
and $328,000 and $932,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The following table summarizes the status of the Company s
unvested restricted stock as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Effective in 2015, the Board revised the
design of the Long Term Incentive Plan ( LTI Plan ) for Named Executive Officers to include performance based awards.
The LTI Plan includes 60% performance vested awards based on 3-year relative Total Shareholder Return to the proxy peer group and
40% time vested awards. The awards are in the form of restricted stock units which cliff vest after five years and require an additional
two year holding period before being delivered in shares of common stock. The Company recorded expense of $51,000 and $142,000
in connection with these awards for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $23,000 and $59,000 for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

In April 2009, the Company adopted a Directors
Deferred Compensation Plan ( Directors Plan ). Under the Directors Plan, independent directors may elect to defer all
or a portion of their annual retainer fee in the form of restricted stock units. In addition, directors receive a non-election
retainer in the form of restricted stock units. These restricted stock units vest ratably over one year and have dividend rights
but no voting rights. In connection with the Directors Plan, the Company recorded expenses of $128,000 and $366,000 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $115,000 and $227,000 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively. 

Table of Contents   

4. SECURITIES   

The following
table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of the available for sale and held to  maturity  investment
securities portfolio at  September 30, 2016  and December 31, 2015 and the corresponding amounts
of unrealized gains and losses therein:   

Table of Contents   

The following
table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value by contractual maturity of the available for sale and held to  maturity
 investment securities portfolio at  September 30, 2016. Expected maturities will differ from contractual
maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

The following table summarizes securities
with unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, aggregated by category and length of time that individual securities
have been in a continuous unrealized loss position: 

Table of Contents   

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment  

Management evaluates
securities for other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) quarterly and more frequently when economic or market conditions
warrant. The investment securities portfolio is evaluated for OTTI by segregating the portfolio into two general segments and applying
the appropriate OTTI model. Investment securities classified as available for sale or held to maturity are generally evaluated
for OTTI under FASB ASC 320,  Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities . In determining OTTI
under the FASB ASC 320 model, management considers many factors, including: (1) the length of time and the extent to which
the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, (3) whether
the market decline was affected by macroeconomic conditions, and (4) whether the Company has the intent to sell the debt security
or more likely than not will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery.  If either of the criteria
regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the entire difference between amortized cost and fair value is recognized as impairment
through earnings. For debt securities that do not meet these criteria, the amount of impairment is split into two components: (1)
OTTI related to credit loss, which must be recognized in the income statement and (2) OTTI related to other factors, which is recognized
in other comprehensive income. The credit loss is defined as the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected
to be collected and the amortized cost basis.  The assessment of whether an other-than-temporary decline
exists involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and is based on the information available to management at a point in
time.  

At  September
30, 2016 , the majority of unrealized losses on the available for sale securities are related to the
Company s other asset backed securities and corporate bonds. The decrease in fair value of the other asset backed securities
and corporate bonds is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality. The Company does not have the intent to
sell these securities and it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell the securities before their anticipated
recovery. Therefore, the Company does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at  September 30,
2016. 

There were no sales of securities for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. There were $264.4 million of proceeds from sales of securities with gross gains of $1.6
million and gross losses of $1.2 million realized for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no sales of securities
during the three months ended September 30, 2015. There were $73.8 million of proceeds from sales of securities with gross gains
of $0.5 million and gross losses of $0.5 million realized for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Proceeds from calls of
securities were $13.3 million and $66.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Proceeds
from calls of securities were $0.4 million and $10.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Securities having a fair value of $558.1
million and $611.0 million at  September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , respectively, were pledged
to secure public deposits and Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) and Federal Reserve Bank ( FRB ) overnight
borrowings. 

Table of Contents   

The Company did not hold any trading securities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The Bank is a member of the FHLB of New
York. Members are required to own a particular amount of stock based on the level of borrowings and other factors, and may invest
in additional amounts. The Bank is a member of the Atlantic Central Banker s Bank ( ACBB ) and is required to
own ACBB stock. The Bank is also a member of the FRB system and required to own FRB stock. FHLB, ACBB and FRB stock is carried
at cost and periodically evaluated for impairment based on ultimate recovery of par value. Both cash and stock dividends are reported
as income. The Bank owned $24.5 million and $24.8 million in FHLB, ACBB and FRB stock at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. These amounts were reported as restricted securities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

5. ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

FASB ASC No. 820-10  defines
fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. FASB ASC 820-10 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs
and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be
used to measure fair values:  

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) for
identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. 

Level 2: Significant other observable inputs
other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active;
or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs
that reflect a reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an
asset or liability. 

The following table summarizes assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Table of Contents   

The following table summarizes assets measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis: 

September 30, 2016        

Fair Value Measurements Using:        

Significant            

Quoted Prices In            
      Other            
      Significant        

Active Markets for            
      Observable            
      Unobservable        

Carrying            
      Identical Assets            
      Inputs            
      Inputs        
 
      ( In thousands )       
      Value            
      (Level 1)            
      (Level 2)            
      (Level 3)        
 
     Impaired loans    
     $  139       

$  139     

December 31, 2015        

Fair Value Measurements Using:        

Significant            

Quoted Prices In            
      Other            
      Significant        

Active Markets for            
      Observable            
      Unobservable        

Carrying            
      Identical Assets            
      Inputs            
      Inputs        
 
      ( In thousands )       
      Value            
      (Level 1)            
      (Level 2)            
      (Level 3)        
 
     Impaired loans    
     $  483       

$  483     
 
     Other real estate owned    
        250       

250     

Impaired loans with allocated allowance
for loan losses at September 30, 2016 had a carrying amount of $0.1 million, which is made up of the outstanding balance of $0.4
million, net of a valuation allowance of $0.3 million. This resulted in an additional provision for loan losses of $0.3 million
that is included in the amount reported on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Impaired loans with allocated allowance for loan
losses at December 31, 2015, had a carrying amount of $0.5 million, which is made up of the outstanding balance of $0.5 million,
net of a valuation allowance of $0.03 million. This resulted in an additional provision for loan losses of $0.03 million that is
included in the amount reported on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Table of Contents   

There was no other real estate owned at
September 30, 2016. Other real estate owned at December 31, 2015 had a carrying amount of $0.3 million and no valuation allowance
recorded. Accordingly, there was no additional provision for loan losses included in the amount reported on the Consolidated Statements
of Income. 

The Company used the following methods
and assumptions in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments: 

Cash and Due from Banks and Federal
Funds Sold:  Carrying amounts approximate fair value, since these instruments are either payable on demand or have short-term
maturities and as such are classified as Level 1. 

Securities Available for Sale and Held
to Maturity:  If available, the estimated fair values are based on independent dealer quotations on nationally recognized securities
exchanges and are classified as Level 1. For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair value is based on matrix pricing,
which is a mathematical technique widely used in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices
for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted securities resulting
in a Level 2 classification. 

Restricted Securities:  It is not
practicable to determine the fair value of FHLB, ACBB and FRB stock due to restrictions placed on transferability. 

Derivatives:  Represents interest
rate swaps for which the estimated fair values are based on valuation models using observable market data as of the measurement
date resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

Loans:  The estimated fair values
of real estate mortgage loans and other loans receivable are based on discounted cash flow calculations that use available market
benchmarks when establishing discount factors for the types of loans resulting in a Level 3 classification. Exceptions may be made
for adjustable rate loans with resets of one year or less, which would be discounted straight to their rate index plus or minus
an appropriate spread. All nonaccrual loans are carried at their current fair value. The methods utilized to estimate the fair
value of loans do not necessarily represent an exit price and therefore, while permissible for presentation purposes under FASB
ASC 825-10, do not conform to FASB ASC 820-10. 

Impaired Loans and Other Real Estate
Owned:  For impaired loans, the Company evaluates the fair value of the loan in accordance with current accounting guidance. 
For loans that are collateral dependent, the fair value of the collateral is used to determine the fair value of the loan. The
fair value of the collateral is determined based on recent appraised values. The fair value of other real estate owned is also
evaluated in accordance with current accounting guidance and determined based on recent appraised values less the estimated cost
to sell. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and
the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences
between the comparable sales and income data available. Adjustments may relate to location, square footage, condition, amenities,
market rate of leases as well as timing of comparable sales. All appraisals undergo a second review process to insure that the
methodology employed and the values derived are reasonable. The fair value of the loan is compared to the carrying value to determine
if any write-down or specific reserve is required. Impaired loans are evaluated quarterly for additional impairment and adjusted
accordingly. 

Appraisals for collateral-dependent impaired
loans are performed by certified general appraisers (for commercial properties) or certified residential appraisers (for residential
properties) whose qualifications and licenses have been reviewed and verified by the Company. Once received, the Credit Administration
Department reviews the assumptions and approaches utilized in the appraisal as well as the overall resulting fair value in comparison
with independent data sources such as recent market data or industry-wide statistics. On a quarterly basis, the Company compares
the actual sale price of collateral that has been sold to the most recent appraised value to determine what additional adjustments
should be made to appraisal values to arrive at fair value. Management also considers the appraisal values for commercial properties
associated with current loan origination activity. Collectively, this information is reviewed to help assess current trends in
commercial property values. For each collateral dependent impaired loan, management considers information that relates to the type
of commercial property to determine if such properties may have appreciated or depreciated in value since the date of the most
recent appraisal. Adjustments to fair value are made only when the analysis indicates a probable decline in collateral values.
Adjustments made in the appraisal process are not deemed material to the overall consolidated financial statements given the level
of impaired loans measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

Deposits:  The estimated fair values
of certificates of deposit are based on discounted cash flow calculations that use a replacement cost of funds approach to establishing
discount rates for certificates of deposit maturities resulting in a Level 2 classification. Stated value is fair value for all
other deposits resulting in a Level 1 classification. 

Table of Contents   

Borrowed Funds:  Represents federal
funds purchased and FHLB advances for which the estimated fair values are based on discounted cash flow calculations that use a
replacement cost of funds approach to establishing discount rates for funding maturities resulting in a Level 1 classification
for overnight federal funds purchased and FHLB advances and a Level 2 classification for all other maturity terms. 

Subordinated Debentures:  The estimated
fair value is derived using discounted cash flow methodology based on a spread to the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR )
curve at the time of issuance and assuming the debt was issued at par resulting in a Level 3 classification. 

Junior Subordinated Debentures: 
The estimated fair value is based on estimates using market data for similarly risk weighted items and takes into consideration
the convertible features of the debentures into Company common stock which is an unobservable input resulting in a Level 3 classification. 

Accrued Interest Receivable and Payable: 
For these short-term instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of the fair value resulting in a Level 1 or 2 classification. 

Off-Balance-Sheet Liabilities:  The
fair value of off-balance-sheet commitments to extend credit is estimated using fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements.
The fair value is immaterial as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Fair value estimates are made at specific
points in time and are based on existing on-and off-balance sheet financial instruments. These estimates are subjective in nature
and dependent on a number of significant assumptions associated with each financial instrument or group of financial instruments,
including estimates of discount rates, risks associated with specific financial instruments, estimates of future cash flows, and
relevant available market information. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. In addition, fair value
estimates do not reflect the value of anticipated future business, premiums or discounts that could result from offering for sale
at one time the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument, or the tax consequences of realizing gains
or losses on the sale of financial instruments. 

The following table summarizes the estimated fair values and
recorded carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Table of Contents   

6. LOANS 

The following table sets forth the major
classifications of loans: 

On June 19, 2015, the Company completed
the acquisition of Community National Bank ( CNB ) resulting in the addition of $729.4 million of acquired loans recorded
at their fair value. There were approximately $501.7 million and $659.7 million of acquired CNB loans remaining as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

On February 14, 2014, the Company completed
the acquisition of FNBNY Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary First National Bank of New York (collectively  FNBNY )
resulting in the addition of $89.7 million of acquired loans recorded at their fair value. There were approximately $29.4 million
and $37.7 million of acquired FNBNY loans remaining as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Lending Risk   

The principal business of the Bank is lending
in commercial real estate mortgage loans, multi-family mortgage loans, residential real estate mortgage loans, construction loans,
home equity loans, commercial, industrial and agricultural loans, land loans and consumer 

Table of Contents   

loans. The Bank considers its primary lending
area to be Nassau and Suffolk Counties located on Long Island and the New York City boroughs. A substantial portion of the Bank s
loans are secured by real estate in these areas. Accordingly, the ultimate collectibility of the loan portfolio is susceptible
to changes in market and economic conditions in this region. 

Commercial Real Estate Mortgages  

Loans in this classification include income
producing investment properties and owner occupied real estate used for business purposes. The underlying properties are located
largely in our primary market area. The cash flows of the income producing investment properties are adversely impacted by a downturn
in the economy as evidenced by increased vacancy rates, which in turn, will have an effect on credit quality. Generally, management
seeks to obtain annual financial information for borrowers with loans in excess of $0.25 million in this category. In the case
of owner-occupied real estate used for business purposes, a weakened economy and resultant decreased consumer and/or business spending
will have an adverse effect on credit quality. 

Multi-Family Mortgages   

Loans in this classification include income
producing residential investment properties of five or more families. The loans are usually made in areas with limited single
family residences generating high demand for these facilities.  Loans are made to established owners with a proven and demonstrable
record of strong performance. Loans are secured by a first mortgage lien on the subject property with a loan to value ratio generally
not exceeding 75%. Repayment is derived generally from the rental income generated from the property and maybe supplemented
by the owners  personal cash flow. Credit risk arises with an increase in vacancy rates, property mismanagement and
the predominance of non-recourse loans that are customary in the industry.  

Residential Real Estate Mortgages and
Home Equity Loans   

Loans in these classifications are made
to and secured by residential real estate and repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. The overall
health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, can have an effect on the credit quality in this loan class.
The Bank generally does not originate loans with a loan-to-value ratio greater than 80% and does not grant subprime loans. 

Commercial, Industrial and Agricultural
Loans   

Loans in this classification are made to
businesses and include term loans, lines of credit, senior secured loans to corporations and taxi medallion loans. Generally these
loans are secured by assets of the business and repayment is expected from the cash flows of the business. A weakened economy,
and resultant decreased consumer and/or business spending, will have an effect on the credit quality in this loan class. 

Real Estate Construction and Land Loans

Loans in this classification primarily
include land loans to local individuals, contractors and developers for developing the land for sale or for the purpose of making
improvements thereon. Repayment is derived primarily from sale of the lots/units including any pre-sold units. Credit risk is affected
by market conditions, time to sell at an adequate price and cost overruns. To a lesser extent this class includes commercial development
projects that the Company finances, which in most cases require interest only during construction, and then convert to permanent
financing. Construction delays, cost overruns, market conditions and the availability of permanent financing, to the extent such
permanent financing is not being provided by the Bank, all affect the credit risk in this loan class. 

Installment and Consumer Loans   

Loans in this classification may be either
secured or unsecured. Repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower and, if applicable, sale of the collateral
securing the loan, such as automobiles. Therefore, the overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing
prices, will have an effect on the credit quality in this loan class. 

Credit Quality Indicators 

The Company categorizes loans into risk
categories of pass, special mention, substandard and doubtful based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service
their debt including repayment patterns, probable incurred losses, past loss experience, current economic conditions, and various
types of concentrations of credit. Assigned risk rating grades are continuously updated as new information is obtained. Loans risk
rated special mention, substandard and doubtful are reviewed on a quarterly basis. The Company uses the following definitions for
risk rating grades: 

Table of Contents   

Pass:  Loans classified as pass include
current loans performing in accordance with contractual terms, pools of homogenous residential real estate and installment/consumer
loans that are not individually risk rated and loans which do not exhibit certain risk factors that require greater than usual
monitoring by management. 

Special mention:  Loans classified
as special mention, while generally not delinquent, have potential weaknesses that deserve management's close attention. If left
uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or in the Bank's credit
position at some future date. 

Substandard:  Loans classified as
substandard have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. There is a distinct possibility
that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful:  Loans classified as doubtful
have all the weaknesses inherent in a substandard loan, and may also be in delinquency status and have defined weaknesses based
on currently existing facts, conditions and values making collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable. 

The following tables represent loans categorized
by class and internally assigned risk grades as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

At September 30, 2016 there were $0.01
million and $1.5 million of acquired CNB loans included in the special mention and substandard grades, respectively, and $0.09
million and $0.2 million of acquired FNBNY loans included in the special mention and substandard grades, respectively. 

At December 31, 2015 there were $0.02 million
and $9.6 million of acquired CNB loans included in the special mention and substandard grades, respectively, and $0.1 million and
$0.2 million of acquired FNBNY loans included in the special mention and substandard grades, respectively. 

Table of Contents   

Past Due and Nonaccrual Loans  

The following tables represent the aging
of the recorded investment in past due loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by class of loans, as defined by FASB
ASC 310-10: 

At September 30, 2016 there were $0.7 million
of FNBNY acquired loans 30-89 days past due and none at December 31, 2015. There were $2.3 million and $1.2 million of CNB acquired
loans that were 30-89 days past due at September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015, respectively. All loans 90 days or more past
due that are still accruing interest represent loans acquired from CNB, FNBNY and Hamptons State Bank ( HSB ) which
were recorded at fair value upon acquisition. These loans are considered to be accruing as 

Table of Contents   

management can reasonably estimate future
cash flows and expect to fully collect the carrying value of these acquired loans. Therefore, the difference between the carrying
value of these loans and their expected cash flows is being accreted into income. 

Impaired Loans   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had individually impaired loans as defined by FASB ASC No. 310,  Receivables  of $3.8 million
and $2.6 million, respectively. For a loan to be considered impaired, management determines after review whether it is probable
that the Bank will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Management
applies its normal loan review procedures in making these judgments. Impaired loans include individually classified nonaccrual
loans and troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ). For impaired loans, the Bank evaluates the impairment of the loan
in accordance with FASB ASC 310-10-35-22. Impairment is determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted
at the loan s effective interest rate. For loans that are collateral dependent, the fair value of the collateral is used
to determine the fair value of the loan. The fair value of the collateral is determined based on recent appraised values. The fair
value of the collateral or present value of expected cash flows is compared to the carrying value to determine if any write-down
or specific loan loss allowance allocation is required. 

The following tables set forth the recorded
investment, unpaid principal balance and related allowance by class of loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, for individually
impaired loans. The tables also set forth the average recorded investment of individually impaired loans and interest income
recognized while the loans were impaired during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table of Contents   

The Bank had no other real estate owned at September 30, 2016
compared to $0.3 million at December 31, 2015. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 

The terms of certain loans were modified
and are considered TDRs. The modification of the terms of such loans included one or a combination of the following: a reduction
of the stated interest rate of the loan; an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current
market rate for new debt with similar risk; or a permanent reduction of the recorded investment in the loan. The modification of
these loans involved loans to borrowers who were experiencing financial difficulties. 

In order to determine whether a borrower
is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed under the Company s internal underwriting policy to determine
if that borrower is currently in payment default under any of its obligations or whether there is a probability that the borrower
will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. 

Table of Contents   

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Bank modified 4 loans as TDRs totaling $0.9 million compared to two loans modified as TDRs totaling $0.1 million
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, there
were $0.06 million and $0.3 million in charge offs relating to TDRs, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, there were no loans modified as TDRs for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification.
A loan is considered to be in payment default once it is 30 days contractually past due under the modified terms. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had $0.3 million and $0.1 million of nonaccrual TDRs, respectively, and $2.1 million and $1.7 million, respectively,
of performing TDRs. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, total nonaccrual TDRs are secured with collateral that has an
appraised value of $1.3 million and $0.3 million, respectively. Furthermore, the Bank has no commitment to lend additional funds
to these debtors. 

The terms of certain other loans were modified
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that did not meet the definition of a TDR. These loans have a total recorded investment
as of September 30, 2016 of $22.5 million. These loans were to borrowers who were not experiencing financial difficulties. 

Acquired Loans  

Loans acquired in a business combination
are recorded at their fair value at the acquisition date. Credit discounts are included in the determination of fair value; therefore,
an allowance for loan losses is not recorded at the acquisition date. 

In determining the acquisition date fair
value of purchased loans, acquired loans are aggregated into pools of loans with common characteristics. Each loan is reviewed
at acquisition to determine if it should be accounted for as a loan that has experienced credit deterioration and it is probable
that, at acquisition, the Company will not be able to collect all the contractual principal and interest due from the borrower.
All loans with evidence of deterioration in credit quality are considered purchased credit impaired ( PCI ) loans unless
the loan type is specifically excluded from the scope of FASB ASC 310-30  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated
Credit Quality,  such as loans with active revolver features, or because management has minimal doubt about the collection
of the loan. 

The Bank makes an estimate of the loans 
contractual principal and contractual interest payments as well as the expected total cash flows from the pools of loans, which
includes undiscounted expected principal and interest. The excess of contractual amounts over the total cash flows expected to
be collected from the loans is referred to as non-accretable difference, which is not accreted into income. The excess of the expected
undiscounted cash flows over the fair value of the loans is referred to as accretable discount. Accretable discount is recognized
as interest income on a level-yield basis over the life of the loans. Management has not included prepayment assumptions in its
modeling of contractual or expected cash flows. The Bank continues to estimate cash flows expected to be collected over the life
of the loans. Subsequent increases in total cash flows expected to be collected are recognized as an adjustment to the accretable
yield with the amount of periodic accretion adjusted over the remaining life of the loans. Subsequent decreases in cash flows expected
to be collected over the life of the loans are recognized as impairment in the current period through the allowance for loan losses. 

A PCI loan may be resolved either through
a sale of the loan, by working with the customer and obtaining partial or full repayment, by short sale of the collateral, or by
foreclosure. When a loan accounted for in a pool is resolved, it is removed from the pool at its carrying amount. Any differences
between the amounts received and the outstanding balance are absorbed by the non-accretable difference of the pool. For loans not
accounted for in pools, a gain or loss on resolution would be recognized based on the difference between the proceeds received
and the carrying amount of the loan. 

Payments received earlier than expected
or in excess of expected cash flows from sales or other resolutions may result in the carrying value of a pool being reduced to
zero even though outstanding contractual balances and expected cash flows remain related to loans in the pool. Once the carrying
value of a pool is reduced to zero, any future proceeds from the remaining loans, representing further realization of accretable
yield, are recognized as interest income upon receipt. These proceeds may include cash or real estate acquired in foreclosure. 

At the acquisition date, the purchased
credit impaired loans acquired as part of the FNBNY acquisition had contractually required principal and interest payments receivable
of $40.3 million, expected cash flows of $28.4 million, and a fair value (initial carrying amount) of $21.8 million. The difference
between the contractually required principal and interest payments receivable and the expected cash flows of $11.9 million represented
the non-accretable difference. The difference between the expected cash flows and fair value of $6.6 million represented the initial
accretable yield. At September 30, 2016, the contractually required principal and interest payments receivable and carrying amount
of the purchased credit impaired loans was $12.6 million and $7.2 million, respectively, with a remaining non-accretable difference
of $1.4 million. At December 31, 2015, the contractually required principal and interest payments receivable 

Table of Contents   

and carrying amount of the purchased credit
impaired loans was $16.7 million and $8.3 million, respectively, with a remaining non-accretable difference of $1.5 million. 

At the acquisition date, the purchased
credit impaired loans acquired as part of the CNB acquisition had contractually required principal and interest payments receivable
of $23.4 million, expected cash flows of $10.1 million, and a fair value (initial carrying amount) of $8.7 million. The difference
between the contractually required principal and interest payments receivable and the expected cash flows of $13.3 million represented
the non-accretable difference. The difference between the expected cash flows and fair value of $1.4 million represented the initial
accretable yield. At September 30, 2016, the contractually required principal and interest payments receivable and carrying amount
of the purchased credit impaired loans was $13.8 million and $2.3 million, respectively, with a remaining non-accretable difference
of $10.1 million. At December 31, 2015, the contractually required principal and interest payments receivable and carrying amount
of the purchased credit impaired loans was $22.5 million and $8.2 million, respectively, with a remaining non-accretable difference
of $13.3 million. 

The following table summarizes the activity
in the accretable yield for the purchased credit impaired loans: 

7. ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  

The allowance for loan losses is established
and maintained through a provision for loan losses based on probable incurred losses inherent in the Bank s loan portfolio.
Management evaluates the adequacy of the allowance quarterly. The allowance is comprised of both individual valuation allowances
and loan pool valuation allowances. 

The Bank monitors its entire loan portfolio
regularly, with consideration given to detailed analysis of classified loans, repayment patterns, probable incurred losses, past
loss experience, current economic conditions, and various types of concentrations of credit. Additions to the allowance are charged
to expense and realized losses, net of recoveries, are charged to the allowance. 

Individual valuation allowances are established
in connection with specific loan reviews and the asset classification process including the procedures for impairment testing under
FASB ASC No. 310,  Receivables . Such valuation, which includes a review of loans for which full collectibility in
accordance with contractual terms is not reasonably assured, considers the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral less
the costs to sell, if any, or the present value of expected future cash flows, or the loan s observable market value. Any
shortfall that exists from this analysis results in a specific allowance for the loan. Pursuant to our policy, loan losses must
be charged-off in the period the loans, or portions thereof, are deemed uncollectible. Assumptions and judgments by management,
in conjunction with outside sources, are used to determine whether full collectibility of a loan is not reasonably assured. These
assumptions and judgments are also used to determine the estimates of the fair value of the underlying collateral or the present
value of expected future cash flows or the loan s observable market value. Individual valuation allowances could differ materially
as a result of changes in these assumptions and judgments. Individual loan analyses are periodically performed on specific loans
considered impaired. The results of the individual valuation allowances are aggregated and included in the overall allowance for
loan losses. 

Loan pool valuation allowances represent
loss allowances that have been established to recognize the inherent risks associated with our lending activities, but which, unlike
individual allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. Pool evaluations are broken down into loans with homogenous
characteristics by loan type and include commercial real estate mortgages, multi-family mortgage loans, home equity loans, residential
real estate mortgages, commercial, industrial and agricultural loans, real estate construction and land loans and consumer loans.
Management considers a variety of factors in determining the adequacy of the valuation allowance and has developed a range of valuation
allowances necessary to adequately provide for probable incurred losses inherent in each pool of loans. Management considers the
Bank s charge-off history along with the growth in the portfolio as well as the Bank s credit administration and asset
management philosophies and procedures when determining the allowances for each pool. In addition, we evaluate and consider the
credit s risk rating which includes management s evaluation of: cash flow, collateral, guarantor support, financial
disclosures, industry trends and strength of borrowers  management, the impact that economic and market conditions may have
on the portfolio as well as known and inherent risks in the portfolio. Finally, we evaluate and consider the allowance ratios and
coverage percentages of both peer group and regulatory agency data. These evaluations are inherently subjective because, even though
they are 

Table of Contents   

based on objective data, it is management s
interpretation of that data that determines the amount of the appropriate allowance. If the evaluations prove to be incorrect,
the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in the loan portfolio, resulting in additions to the
allowance for loan losses. 

For purchased credit impaired loans, a
valuation allowance is established when it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all the cash flows expected at acquisition
plus additional cash flows expected to be collected arising from changes in estimate after acquisition. A specific allowance is
established when subsequent evaluations of expected cash flows from purchased credit impaired loans reflect a decrease in those
estimates. The allowance established represents the excess of the recorded investment in those loans over the present value of
the currently estimated future cash flow, discounted at the last effective accounting yield. 

The Bank uses assumptions and methodologies
that are relevant to estimating the level of impairment and probable losses in the loan portfolio. To the extent that the data
supporting such assumptions has limitations, management's judgment and experience play a key role in recording the allowance estimates.
Additions to the allowance for loan losses are made by provisions charged to earnings. Furthermore, an improvement in the expected
cash flows related to purchased credit impaired loans would result in a reduction of the required specific allowance with a corresponding
credit to the provision. 

The Credit Risk Management Committee ( CRMC )
is comprised of Bank management. The adequacy of the allowance is analyzed quarterly, with any adjustment to a level deemed appropriate
by the CRMC, based on its risk assessment of the entire portfolio. Each quarter, members of the CRMC meet with the CRMC of the
Board to review credit risk trends and the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Based on the CRMC s review of the classified
loans and the overall allowance levels as they relate to the entire loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
management believes the allowance for loan losses has been established at levels sufficient to cover the probable incurred losses
in the Bank s loan portfolio. Future additions or reductions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic,
market or other conditions. Changes in estimates could result in a material change in the allowance. In addition, various regulatory
agencies, as an integral part of the examination process, periodically review the allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may
require the Bank to recognize adjustments to the allowance based on their judgments of the information available to them at the
time of their examination. 

The following tables represent the balance
in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio segment, as defined under FASB ASC 310-10, and
based on impairment method as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The tables include loans acquired on June 19, 2015 from
CNB and February 14, 2014 from FNBNY. 

Table of Contents   

The following tables represent the changes in the allowance
for loan losses for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, by portfolio segment, as defined under
FASB ASC 310-10. The portfolio segments represent the categories that the Bank uses to determine its allowance for loan losses. 

Table of Contents   

8. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 

The Bank maintains a noncontributory pension
plan covering all eligible employees. The Bank uses a December 31 st  measurement date for this plan in accordance with
FASB ASC 715-30  Compensation   Retirement Benefits   Defined Benefit Plans   Pension.   During
2012, the Company amended the pension plan by revising the formula for determining benefits effective January 1, 2013, except for
certain grandfathered employees.  Additionally, new employees hired on or after October 1, 2012 are not eligible for the
pension plan. 

During 2001, the Bank adopted the Bridgehampton
National Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ( SERP ). As recommended by the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors and approved by the full Board of Directors, the SERP provides benefits to certain employees, whose benefits
under the pension plan are limited by the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The benefit under the SERP is equal
to the additional amount the employee would be entitled to under the Pension Plan and the 401(k) Plan in the absence of such Internal
Revenue Code limitations. The assets of the SERP are held in a rabbi trust to maintain the tax-deferred status of the plan and
are subject to the general, unsecured creditors of the Company. As a result, the assets of the trust are reflected on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets of the Company. 

There were $2.2
million in contributions to the pension plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no contributions to the
SERP during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In accordance with the SERP, a retired executive received a distribution
from the plan totaling $84,000 during the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 .   

The Company s funding policy with
respect to its benefit plans is to contribute at least the minimum amounts required by applicable laws and regulations. 

Table of Contents   

The following table sets forth the components
of net periodic benefit cost: 

9. SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase
totaled $51.1 million at September 30, 2016 and $50.9 million at December 31, 2015. The repurchase agreements were collateralized
by investment securities, of which 98% were U.S. GSE securities and 2% were U.S. GSE residential collateralized mortgage obligations
with a carrying amount of $55.0 million at September 30, 2016 and 96% were U.S. GSE securities and 4% were U.S. GSE residential
collateralized mortgage obligations with a carrying amount of $55.9 million at December 31, 2015. 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase
are financing arrangements with $51.1 million maturing during the fourth quarter of 2016. At maturity, the securities underlying
the agreements are returned to the Company. The primary risk associated with these secured borrowings is the requirement to pledge
a market value based balance of collateral in excess of the borrowed amount. The excess collateral pledged represents an unsecured
exposure to the lending counterparty. As the market value of the collateral changes, both through changes in discount rates and
spreads as well as related cash flows, additional collateral may need to be pledged. In accordance with our policies, eligible
counterparties are defined and monitored to minimize our exposure. 

Table of Contents   

10. FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES 

The following tables set forth the contractual maturities and
weighted average interest rates of FHLB advances over the next four years at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Each advance is payable at its maturity
date, with a prepayment penalty for fixed rate advances. The advances were collateralized by $886.0 million and $666.3 million
of residential and commercial mortgage loans under a blanket lien arrangement at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
Based on this collateral and the Company s holdings of FHLB stock, the Company is eligible to borrow up to a total of $1.15
billion at September 30, 2016. 

11. BORROWED FUNDS 

Subordinated Debentures  

In September 2015, the Company issued $80.0
million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debentures. $40.0 million of the subordinated debentures
are callable at par after five years, have a stated maturity of September 30, 2025 and bear interest at a fixed annual rate of
5.25% per year, from and including September 21, 2015 until but excluding September 30, 2020. From and including September 30,
2020 to the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual interest rate equal to
the then-current three-month LIBOR plus 360 basis points. The remaining $40.0 million of the subordinated debentures are callable
at par after ten years, have a stated maturity of September 30, 2030 and bear interest at a fixed annual rate of 5.75% per year,
from and including September 21, 2015 until but excluding September 30, 2025. From and including September 30, 2025 to the maturity
date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual interest rate equal to the then-current three-month
LIBOR plus 345 basis points. The subordinated debentures totaled $78.5 million at September 30, 2016 and $78.4 million at December
31, 2015. 

The subordinated debentures are included
in Tier 2 capital (with certain limitations applicable) under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations. 

Junior Subordinated Debentures  

In December 2009, the Company completed
the private placement of $16.0 million in aggregate liquidation amount of 8.50% cumulative convertible trust preferred securities
(the  TPS ), through its subsidiary, Bridge Statutory Capital Trust II. The TPS have a liquidation 

Table of Contents   

amount of $1,000 per security and, prior
to May 27, 2016, were convertible into the Company s common stock, at an effective conversion price of $31 per share. The
TPS mature in 2039 but are currently callable by the Company at par any time with 30 days prior notice. 

On May 27, 2016, the Company permanently
increased the conversion ratio of the TPS from 32.2581 shares, representing a conversion price of $31 per share, to 34.4828 shares,
representing a conversion price of $29 per share. This increase in the conversion ratio was accounted for as a modification of
the TPS which resulted in a $0.4 million decrease in the TPS balance and a corresponding increase to Surplus which represents the
increase in the fair value of the conversion option immediately before and after the modification. The decrease in the TPS balance
resulting from the modification will be amortized as a yield adjustment over the remaining term of the TPS consistent with the
related deferred debt issuance costs. 

The Company issued $16.0 million of junior
subordinated debentures (the  Debentures ) to the trust in exchange for ownership of all of the common securities of
the trust and the proceeds of the preferred securities sold by the trust. In accordance with current accounting guidance, the trust
is not consolidated in the Company s financial statements, but rather the Debentures are shown as a liability. The Debentures
bear interest at a fixed rate equal to 8.50% and mature on December 31, 2039. Consistent with regulatory requirements, the interest
payments may be deferred for up to 5 years, and are cumulative. The Debentures have the same prepayment provisions as the TPS. 

The Debentures are included in Tier I capital
(with certain limitations applicable) under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations. 

During the third quarter of 2016, 200
shares of TPS with a liquidation amount of $200,000 were converted into 6,896 shares of the Company s common stock. The
TPS and Debentures totaled $15.3 million at September 30, 2016 and $15.9 million at December 31, 2015. The conversion is reflected
in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

12. DERIVATIVES 

Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk  

As part of its asset liability management,
the Company utilizes interest rate swap agreements to help manage its interest rate risk position. The notional amount of the interest
rate swap does not represent amounts exchanged by the parties. The amount exchanged is determined by reference to the notional
amount and the other terms of the individual interest rate swap agreements. 

Interest rate swaps with notional amounts
totaling $175.0 million at September 30, 2016 and $125.0 million at December 31, 2015, were designated as cash flow hedges of certain
FHLB advances and repurchase agreements. The swaps were determined to be fully effective during the periods presented and therefore
no amount of ineffectiveness has been included in net income. The aggregate fair value of the swaps is recorded in other assets/(other
liabilities), with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). The amount included in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) would be reclassified to current earnings should the hedges no longer be considered effective. The
Company expects the hedges to remain fully effective during the remaining term of the swaps. 

Summary information about the interest rate swaps designated
as cash flow hedges at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

Interest expense recorded on these swap
transactions totaled $236,000 and $725,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $175,000 and
$485,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and is reported as a component of interest expense
on FHLB advances. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest
income/expense as interest payments are made/received on the Company s variable-rate assets/liabilities. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had $725,000 of reclassifications to interest expense. During the next twelve months,
the Company estimates that $1.1 million will be reclassified as an increase in interest expense. 

Table of Contents   

The following tables present the net gains
(losses) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to the cash flow
derivative instruments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table reflects the cash flow hedge included in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the dates indicated: 

Non-Designated Hedges  

Derivatives not designated as hedges may
be used to manage the Company s exposure to interest rate movements or to provide service to customers but do not meet the
requirements for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial lending customers to
facilitate their respective risk management strategies. These interest rate swaps with customers are simultaneously offset by interest
rate swaps that the Company executes with a third party in order to minimize the net risk exposure resulting from such transactions.
These interest-rate swap agreements do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, and therefore changes in fair value are reported
in current period earnings. 

The following table presents summary information
about these interest rate swaps at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features   

As of September 30, 2016, the termination
value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance
risk, related to these agreements was $5.5 million. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds
with certain of its derivative counterparties and has posted collateral of $5.7 million against its obligations under these agreements.
If the Company had breached any of these provisions at September 30, 2016, it could have been required to settle its obligations
under the agreements at the termination value. 

Table of Contents   

13. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income components
and related income tax effects were as follows: 

The following is a summary of the accumulated
other comprehensive income balances, net of income tax, at the dates indicated: 

The following represents the reclassifications
out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table of Contents   

14. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

On June 19, 2015, the Company acquired
CNB at a purchase price of $157.5 million, issued an aggregate of 5.647 million Bridge Bancorp common shares in exchange for all
the issued and outstanding common stock of CNB and recorded goodwill of $96.5 million, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
The transaction expanded the Company s geographic footprint across Long Island including Nassau County, Queens and into
New York City. It complements the Bank s existing branch network and enhances asset generation capabilities. The expanded
branch network allows the Bank to serve a greater portion of  Long Island and the New York City boroughs through
a network of 40 branches. 

The acquisition was accounted for under
the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 805,  Business Combinations.  Accordingly, the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their respective acquisition date fair values, and identifiable intangible assets
were recorded at fair value. The operating results of the Company for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 include the operating results of CNB since the acquisition date of June 19, 2015. 

The following summarizes the fair value
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on June 19, 2015: 

15. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-09,  Compensation  
Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share Based-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting
for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.
ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016,
with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of 2016. The adoption of ASU 2016-09 did not
have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments.  ASU
2015-16 eliminates the requirement for an acquirer to retrospectively adjust the financial statements for measurement-period adjustments
that occur in periods after a business combination is consummated. ASU 2015-16 is effective for annual periods, and interim periods
within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-16 resulted in a fixed asset measurement
period adjustment for $0.3 million that was recorded in 2016 related to the recovery of depreciation expense recorded in 2015. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15
provides guidance on the presentation and classification in the statement of cash flows of eight specific cash flow issues, including
debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims and proceeds from the settlement
of bank owned life insurance ( BOLI ) policies, with the objective of reducing diversity in practice. For public entities,
like the Company, ASU 2016-15 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Since 

Table of Contents   

the provisions of ASU 2016-15 are disclosure
related, adoption will not have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326)   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. 
ASU 2016-13 significantly changes the impairment model for most financial assets that are measured at amortized cost and certain
other instruments from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model and also provides for recording credit losses on available
for sale debt securities through an allowance account. ASU 2016-13 also requires certain incremental disclosures. ASU 2016-13 is
effective for public entities that are SEC filers, like the Company, for interim and annual reporting periods beginning December
15, 2019. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact ASU 2016-13 will have on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  ASU 2016-02 affects any entity that enters into a lease and is intended to increase the transparency
and comparability of financial statements among organizations. ASU 2016-02 requires, among other changes, a lessee to recognize
on its balance sheet a lease asset and a lease liability for those leases previously classified as operating leases. The lease
asset would represent the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and the lease liability would represent the discounted
value of the required lease payments to the lessor. ASU 2016-02 would also require entities to disclose key information about leasing
arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company
is in the process of evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10) - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities.  The amendments in ASU 2016-01 are intended to improve the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure
of financial assets and liabilities to provide users of financial statements with information that is more useful for decision-making
purposes. Among other changes, ASU 2016-01 would require equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized through net income, but would allow equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values to be remeasured
at fair value either upon the occurrence of an observable price change or upon identification of an impairment. The amendments
would simplify the impairment assessment of such equity securities and would require enhanced disclosure about these investments.
ASU 2016-01 would also require separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and type of instrument,
such as securities or loans, on the balance sheet or in the notes, and would eliminate certain other disclosures relating to the
methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value. For public entities, like the Company, the amendments in ASU 2016-01 are effective
for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are intended to improve financial
reporting by providing a comprehensive framework for addressing revenue recognition issues that can be applied to all contracts
with customers regardless of industry-specific or transaction-specific fact patterns. While the guidance in ASU 2014-09 supersedes
most existing industry-specific revenue recognition accounting guidance, much of a bank s revenue comes from financial instruments
such as debt securities and loans which are scoped-out of the guidance. The amendments also include improved disclosures to enable
users of financial statements to better understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. For
public entities, like the Company, ASU 2014-09, as amended, is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Private Securities Litigation Reform Act Safe Harbor
Statement  

This report may contain statements relating
to the future results of the Company (including certain projections and business trends) that are considered  forward-looking
statements  as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the  PSLRA ). Such forward-looking
statements, in addition to historical information, which involve risk and uncertainties, are based on the beliefs, assumptions
and expectations of management of the Company. Words such as  expects,   believes,   should, 
 plans,   anticipates,   will,   potential,   could,   intend, 
 may,   outlook,   predict,   project,   would,   estimated, 
 assumes,   likely,  and variation of such similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, possible or assumed estimates with respect
to the financial condition, expected or anticipated revenue, and results of operations and business of the Company, including earnings
growth; revenue growth in retail banking, lending and other areas; origination volume in the consumer, commercial and other lending
businesses; current and future capital management programs; non-interest income levels, including fees from the title abstract
subsidiary and banking services as well as product sales; tangible capital generation; market share; expense levels; and other
business operations and strategies. The Company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained
in the PSLRA. 

Factors that could cause future results
to vary from current management expectations include, but are not limited to, changing economic conditions; legislative and regulatory
changes, including increases in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance rates; monetary and fiscal
policies of the federal government; changes in tax policies; rates and regulations of federal, state and local tax authorities;
changes in interest rates; deposit flows; the cost of funds; demands for loan products; demand for financial services; competition;
the Company s ability to successfully integrate acquired entities; changes in the quality and composition of the Bank s
loan and investment portfolios; changes in management s business strategies; changes in accounting principles, policies or
guidelines; changes in real estate values; expanded regulatory requirements as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, which could adversely
affect operating results; and the  Risk Factors  discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015 and 2016 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of
this report, and the Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or to update the reasons why actual
results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview   

Who We Are and How We Generate Income  

Bridge Bancorp, Inc., a New York corporation,
is a bank holding company formed in 1989. On a parent-only basis, the Company has had minimal results of operations. The Company
is dependent on dividends from its wholly owned subsidiary, The Bridgehampton National Bank, its own earnings, additional capital
raised, and borrowings as sources of funds. The information in this report reflects principally the financial condition and results
of operations of the Bank. The Bank s results of operations are primarily dependent on its net interest income, which is
mainly the difference between interest income on loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. The Bank
also generates non-interest income, such as fee income on deposit accounts and merchant credit and debit card processing programs,
investment services, income from its title abstract subsidiary, and net gains on sales of securities and loans. The level of its
non-interest expenses, such as salaries and benefits, occupancy and equipment costs, other general and administrative expenses,
expenses from its title insurance subsidiary, and income tax expense, further affects the Bank s net income. Certain reclassifications
have been made to prior year amounts and the related discussion and analysis to conform to the current year presentation. These
reclassifications did not have an impact on net income or total stockholders  equity. 

Principal Products and Services and Locations of Operations  

Federally chartered in 1910, the Bank
was founded by local farmers and merchants and now operates forty branches in its primary market areas of Suffolk and Nassau
Counties on Long Island and the New York City boroughs, including thirty-eight in Suffolk and Nassau Counties, one
in Bayside, Queens and one in Manhattan. For over a century, the Bank has maintained its focus on building customer relationships
in its market area. The mission of the Company is to grow through the provision of exceptional service to its customers, its employees,
and the community. The Company strives to achieve excellence in financial performance and build long term shareholder value. The
Bank engages in full service commercial and consumer banking business, including accepting time, savings and demand deposits from
the consumers, businesses and local municipalities in its market area. These deposits, together with funds generated from operations
and borrowings, are invested primarily in: (1) commercial real estate loans; (2) multi-family mortgage loans; (3) home equity
loans; (4) construction loans; (5) residential mortgage loans; (6) secured and unsecured commercial and consumer loans; (7) FHLB,
FNMA, GNMA and FHLMC and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities;
(8) New York State and local municipal obligations; and (9) U.S government sponsored entity ( U.S. GSE ) securities.
The Bank also offers the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service ( CDARS ) and Insured Cash Sweep ( ICS )
programs, providing multi-millions of dollars of FDIC insurance on deposits to 

Table of Contents   

its customers. In addition, the Bank offers
merchant credit and debit card processing, automated teller machines, cash management services, lockbox processing, online banking
services, remote deposit capture, safe deposit boxes, and individual retirement accounts as well as investment services through
Bridge Financial Services, which offers a full range of investment products and services through a third party broker dealer. Through
its title insurance abstract subsidiary, the Bank acts as a broker for title insurance services. The Bank s customer base
is comprised principally of small businesses, municipal relationships and consumer relationships. 

Significant Recent Events  

Issuance of Subordinated Debentures  

 In September 2015, the Company issued $80.0
million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debentures. $40.0 million of the subordinated debentures
are callable at par after five years, have a stated maturity of September 30, 2025 and bear interest at a fixed annual rate of
5.25% per year, from and including September 21, 2015 until but excluding September 30, 2020. From and including September 30,
2020 to the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual interest rate equal to
the then-current three-month LIBOR plus 360 basis points. The remaining $40.0 million of the subordinated debentures are callable
at par after ten years, have a stated maturity of September 30, 2030 and bear interest at a fixed annual rate of 5.75% per year,
from and including September 21, 2015 until but excluding September 30, 2025. From and including September 30, 2025 to the maturity
date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual interest rate equal to the then-current three-month
LIBOR plus 345 basis points. 

Acquisition of Community National Bank

On June 19, 2015, the Company acquired
CNB at a purchase price of $157.5 million, issued an aggregate of 5.647 million Bridge Bancorp common shares in exchange for all
the issued and outstanding common stock of CNB and recorded goodwill of $96.5 million, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
At acquisition, CNB had total acquired assets on a fair value basis of $895.3 million, with loans of $729.4 million, investment
securities of $90.1 million and deposits of $786.9 million. The transaction expanded the Company s geographic footprint
across Long Island including Nassau County, Queens and into New York City. It complements the Bank s existing branch network
and enhances asset generation capabilities. The expanded branch network allows the Bank to serve a greater portion of
Long Island and the New York City boroughs through a network of 40 branches. 

Quarterly Highlights   

Net interest margin was 3.61% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to 3.71% for the 2015 period.
The decrease in the net interest margin reflects the higher cost of borrowings associated with the $80.0 million in subordinated
debentures issued in September 2015, federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements and FHLB advances.   

All capital ratios exceed the fully phased in requirements of Basel III as of September 30, 2016.   

Table of Contents   

Challenges and Opportunities  

Interest rates have been at historic lows
for an extended period of time. Growth and service strategies have the potential to offset the compression on the net interest
margin with volume as the customer base grows through expanding the Bank s footprint, while maintaining and developing existing
relationships. Since 2010, the Bank has opened ten new branches, the most recent of which was in December 2014 in Smithtown, New
York. The more recent branch openings have moved the Bank geographically westward and demonstrate its commitment to traditional
growth through branch expansion. The Bank has also grown through acquisitions including the June 2015 acquisition of CNB, the February
2014 acquisition of FNBNY, and the May 2011 acquisition of Hampton State Bank. Management will continue to seek opportunities
to expand its reach into other contiguous markets by network expansion, or through the addition of professionals with established
customer relationships. Pending acquisitions of local competitors may also provide additional growth opportunities. 

As noted earlier, on June 19, 2015, the
Company acquired CNB. This acquisition increased the Company s scale and continues the westward expansion in Nassau
County and the New York City boroughs. Management recognizes the challenges associated with acquisitions and leveraged
the experience gained in the acquisitions of FNBNY in 2014 and Hamptons State Bank in 2011, to successfully integrate the operations
of CNB. 

Although the turmoil in the financial markets
has subsided somewhat since the Brexit vote at the end of the second quarter, market uncertainty still exists. The Bank continues
to face challenges associated with ever increasing regulations and the current historically low interest rate environment. Over
time, additional rate increases should provide some relief to net interest margin compression as new loans are funded and securities
are reinvested at higher rates. However, in the short term, the fair value of our available for sale securities declines when rates
increase, resulting in net unrealized losses and a reduction in stockholders  equity. Strategies for managing for the eventuality
of higher rates have a cost. Extending liability maturities or shortening the tenor of assets increases interest expense and reduces
interest income. An additional method for managing in a higher rate environment is to grow stable core deposits, requiring continued
investment in people, technology and branches. Over time, the costs of these strategies should provide long term benefits. 

The key to delivering on the Company s
mission is combining its expanding branch network, improving technology, and experienced professionals with the critical element
of local decision making. The successful expansion of the franchise s geographic reach continues to deliver the desired
results: increasing deposits and loans, and generating higher levels of revenue and income. 

Corporate objectives for 2016 include:
leveraging our expanding branch network to build customer relationships and grow loans and deposits; focusing on opportunities
and processes that continue to enhance the customer experience at the Bank; improving operational efficiencies and prudent management
of non-interest expense; and maximizing non-interest income through Bridge Abstract as well as other lines of business. Management
believes there remain opportunities to grow its franchise and that continued investments to generate core funding, quality loans
and new sources of revenue remain keys to continue creating long term shareholder value. The ability to attract, retain, train
and cultivate employees at all levels of the Company remains significant to meeting corporate objectives. The Company has made
great progress toward the achievement of these objectives, and avoided many of the problems facing other financial institutions
as a result of maintaining discipline in its underwriting, expansion strategies, investing and general business practices. The
Company has capitalized on opportunities presented by the market and diligently seeks opportunities to grow and strengthen the
franchise. The Company recognizes the potential risks of the current economic environment and will monitor the impact of market
events as management evaluates loans and investments and considers growth initiatives. Management and the Board have built a solid
foundation for growth and the Company is positioned to adapt to anticipated changes in the industry resulting from new regulations
and legislative initiatives. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Allowance for Loan Losses  

Management considers the accounting policy
on the allowance for loan losses to be the most critical and requires complex management judgment. The judgments made regarding
the allowance for loan losses can have a material effect on the results of operations of the Company. 

The allowance for loan losses is established
and maintained through a provision for loan losses based on probable incurred losses inherent in the Bank s loan portfolio.
Management evaluates the adequacy of the allowance on a quarterly basis. The allowance is comprised of both individual valuation
allowances and loan pool valuation allowances. The Bank monitors its entire loan portfolio on a regular basis, with consideration
given to detailed analysis of classified loans, repayment patterns, probable incurred losses, past loss experience, current economic
conditions, and various types of concentrations of credit. Additions to the allowance are charged to expense and realized losses,
net of recoveries, are charged to the allowance. Refer to Note 7.  Allowance for Loan Losses  in the Condensed Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1  Financial Statements  for further discussion of the allowance
for loan losses. 

Table of Contents   

Net Income  

Net income for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was $8.9 million and $0.50 per diluted share as compared to $7.9 million and $0.45 per diluted share for the same period
in 2015.   Changes in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015 include:
(i) a $1.6 million or 5.5% increase in net interest income primarily as a result of the increase in average interest earning assets;
(ii) a $0.5 million or 33.3% increase in the provision for loan losses; (iii) a $0.1 million or 2.8% increase in non-interest income
related to an increase in customer fee income offset by a decrease in gains on sales of loans; (iv) a decrease in non-interest
expense of $0.2 million related to lower acquisition costs and lower amortization of intangibles offset by higher salary expense,
investments in technology and additional marketing costs, and (v) a $0.4 million increase in income taxes associated with higher
pre-tax income. The effective income tax rate was 34.5% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to 35.0% for the same
period last year. 

Net income for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $26.3 million and $1.50 per diluted share as compared to $13.1 million and $0.94 per diluted share for the same period
in 2015.   Changes in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015 include:
(i) a $22.5 million or 33.0% increase in net interest income as a result of the increase in average interest earning assets reflecting
assets acquired from CNB as well as organic growth in loans and securities; (ii) a $1.2 million or 38.3% increase in the provision
for loan losses reflecting loan portfolio growth as well as certain acquired loans being refinanced by the Bank. Acquired loans
are recorded at fair value at acquisition, effectively netting estimated future losses against the loan balances whereas loans
originated and refinanced by the Bank have recorded reserves; (iii) a $3.0 million or 32.9% increase in non-interest income related
to increases in customer fee income, net securities gains, BOLI income, and a net recovery associated with certain identified FNBNY
acquired problem loans; (iv) an increase in non-interest expense of $3.8 million related to higher operating costs associated with
the acquired CNB operations and facilities, investments in technology, professional service costs, amortization of CNB related
intangible assets, additional marketing costs, and higher FDIC assessment, partially offset by lower acquisition costs; and (v)
a $7.3 million increase in income taxes associated with higher pre-tax income. The effective income tax rate was 34.7% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 33.6% for the same period last year. 

Analysis of Net Interest Income  

Net interest income, the primary contributor
to earnings, represents the difference between income on interest earning assets and expenses on interest bearing liabilities.
Net interest income depends on the volume of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities and the interest rates earned
or paid on them. 

The following tables set forth certain
information relating to the Company s average consolidated balance sheets and its consolidated statements of income for the
periods indicated and reflect the average yield on assets and average cost of liabilities for those periods on a tax equivalent
basis. Such yields and costs are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of assets or liabilities, respectively,
for the periods shown. Average balances are derived from daily average balances and include nonaccrual loans. The yields and costs
include fees and costs, which are considered adjustments to yields. Interest on nonaccrual loans has been included only to the
extent reflected in the consolidated statements of income. For purposes of these tables, the average balances for investments in
debt and equity securities exclude unrealized appreciation/depreciation due to the application of FASB ASC 320,  Investments
- Debt and Equity Securities.  

Table of Contents   

(1)  Amounts are net of deferred origination costs/(fees) and the allowance for loan losses.   

(2)  Presented on a tax equivalent basis.   

(3)  Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest earning assets and the cost of average
interest bearing liabilities   

(4)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average interest earning assets.   

Table of Contents   

(1)  Amounts are net of deferred origination costs/(fees) and the allowance for loan losses.   

(2)  Presented on a tax equivalent basis.   

(3)  Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest earning assets and the cost of average
interest bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average interest earning assets.   

Table of Contents   

Rate/Volume Analysis  

Net interest income can be analyzed in
terms of the impact of changes in rates and volumes. The following table illustrates the extent to which changes in interest rates
and in the volume of average interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities have affected the Bank s interest income
and interest expense during the periods indicated. Information is provided in each category with respect to (i) changes attributable
to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate); (ii) changes attributable to changes in rates (changes in rates
multiplied by prior volume); and (iii) the net changes. For purposes of this table, changes that are not due solely to volume or
rate changes have been allocated to these categories based on the respective percentage changes in average volume and rate. Due
to the numerous simultaneous volume and rate changes during the periods analyzed, it is not possible to precisely allocate changes
between volume and rate. In addition, average earning assets include nonaccrual loans. 

(1)  Amounts are net of deferred origination costs/(fees) and the allowance for loan losses.   

(2)  Presented on a tax equivalent basis.   

Analysis of Net Interest Income for the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Net interest income was $30.7 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $29.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase
of $1.6 million or 5.5%. Total average interest earning assets increased $272.7 million or 8.7% for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 reflecting increases in loans and securities. The tax adjusted average
yield on interest earning assets increased approximately 5 basis points to 4.09% for the 2016 third quarter from 4.04% for the
2015 third quarter. The cost of interest bearing liabilities increased approximately 22 basis points during the third quarter of
2016 to 0.73% compared to 0.51% for the third quarter of 2015. The overall funding cost for the 2016 third quarter was 0.48%, including
demand deposits. Net interest margin decreased to 3.61% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.71% for the
three months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of higher costs of borrowings associated with the $80.0 million in subordinated
debentures issued in September 2015, federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements, and FHLB advances. 

Total interest income increased $3.1 million
or 9.5% to $34.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $31.7 million for the same period in 2015.  Interest
income on loans increased $2.6 million or 9.2% to $30.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $27.4 million
for the same period in 2015. The tax adjusted average yield on total loans was 4.77% for 2016 as compared to 4.81% in 2015. For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, average net loans grew by $237.3 million or 10.5% to $2.51 billion as compared to $2.27
billion for the same period in 2015, driven by growth in multi-family mortgage loans, commercial 

Table of Contents   

real estate mortgage loans, and commercial,
industrial and agricultural loans. The Bank remains committed to growing loans with prudent underwriting, sensible pricing and
limited credit and extension risk. 

Interest income on investment securities
increased $0.5 million to $4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.3 million for the same period
in 2015.  Interest income on securities included net amortization of premiums of $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2016
compared to net amortization of premiums of $1.3 million for the same period in 2015.  The tax adjusted average yield
on total securities was 2.26% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 2.10% in 2015. For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, average total investments in securities increased by $24.2 million or 2.8% to $880.8 million as compared to
$856.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Average interest earning deposits with banks increased by $11.3 million
to $31.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $20.4 million for the same period in 2015. 

Total interest expense increased to $4.1
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.7 million for the same period in 2015. The increase for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily a result of the increase in average interest bearing liabilities. Average total
interest bearing liabilities were $2.22 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.07 billion for the
same period in 2015 resulting from an increase in average borrowings partially offset by a net decrease in interest bearing deposits.
The cost of total interest bearing liabilities increased to 0.73% for the 2016 third quarter compared to 0.51% for the prior year
primarily due to the issuance of the subordinated debentures in September 2015. Since the Company s interest bearing liabilities
generally reprice or mature more quickly than its interest earning assets, an increase in short term interest rates would initially
result in a decrease in net interest income.  Additionally, the large percentages of deposits in money market accounts
reprice at short term market rates making the balance sheet more liability sensitive. The Bank continues its prudent management
of deposit pricing. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, average total deposits increased by $78.5 million or 2.8% to $2.92 billion from $2.84 billion from the same period in 2015.  Components
of this increase include an increase in the average balances of savings, NOW and money market accounts of $78.9 million or 5.2%
to $1.59 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.51 billion for the same period last year.  Average
balances in certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more and other time deposits decreased $136.4 million to $183.7 million for
2016 as compared to $320.1 million for the same period last year.  Average balances in demand deposits increased $136.0
million or 13.4% to $1.15 billion for 2016 as compared to $1.01 billion for the same period last year. Average public fund deposits
comprised 16.8% of total average deposits during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 13.0% of total average deposits
for the same period in 2015.  Average federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements increased $85.6 million or 90.9%
to $179.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $94.2 million for the same period in the prior year.
Average FHLB advances increased $49.3 million or 40.2% to $172.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $122.8 million for the same period in 2015. Average subordinated debentures increased $69.8 million to $78.4 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $8.6 million for the same period in 2015. 

Analysis of Net Interest Income for
the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Net interest income was $90.7 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $68.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of
$22.5 million or 33.0%. Total average interest earning assets increased $954.7 million or 37.7% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflecting the acquired assets from CNB as well as organic growth
in loans and securities. The tax adjusted average yield on interest earning assets decreased approximately 1 basis points to 3.98%
for 2016 from 3.99% for 2015. The cost of interest bearing liabilities increased approximately 20 basis points to 0.71% for 2016
compared to 0.51% for 2015. The overall funding cost for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 0.48%, including demand deposits.
Net interest margin decreased to 3.51% for 2016, compared to 3.65% for 2015 as a result of higher costs of borrowings associated
with the $80.0 million in subordinated debentures issued in September 2015, federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements,
and FHLB advances. 

Total interest income increased $28.5 million
or 38.1% to $103.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $74.6 million for the same period in 2015.  Interest
income on loans increased $24.7 million or 39.7% to $87.1 million for 2016 from $62.4 million for 2015. The tax adjusted average
yield on total loans was 4.72% for 2016 as compared to 4.87% in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, average net
loans grew by $751.8 million or 43.6% to $2.48 billion as compared to $1.72 billion for the same period in 2015, driven by growth
in commercial real estate mortgage loans, commercial, industrial and agricultural loans, and multi-family mortgage loans as a result
of the CNB acquisition coupled with organic growth. 

Interest income on investment securities
increased $3.7 million to $15.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.2 million for the same period
in 2015.  Interest income on securities included net amortization of premiums of $4.7 million for 2016 compared to net amortization
of premiums of $3.7 million for 2015.  The tax adjusted average yield on total securities was 2.25% for 2016, compared
to 2.17% in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, average total investments in securities increased by $187.8 million
or 23.6% to $983.8 million as compared to $796.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Average 

Table of Contents   

interest earning deposits with banks increased
by $15.1 million to $30.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $15.7 million for the same period
in 2015. 

Total interest expense increased to $12.4
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $6.4 million for the same period in 2015. The increase for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily a result of the increase in average interest bearing liabilities. Average total
interest bearing liabilities were $2.33 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.68 billion for the
same period in 2015 resulting from an increase in interest bearing deposits and borrowings primarily as a result of the CNB acquisition.
The cost of total interest bearing liabilities increased to 0.71% for 2016 compared to 0.51% for the prior year primarily due to
the issuance of the subordinated debentures and an increase in FHLB advances. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, average total deposits increased by $676.3 million or 30.1% to $2.92 billion from $2.25 billion for the same period in 2015.  Components
of this increase include an increase in the average balances of savings, NOW and money market accounts of $352.2 million or 28.6%
to $1.59 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.23 billion for the same period last year.  Average
balances in certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more and other time deposits increased $21.5 million or 10.4% to $228.8 million
for 2016 as compared to $207.3 million for the same period last year.  Average balances in demand deposits increased
$302.6 million or 37.6% to $1.11 billion for 2016 as compared to $804.4 million for the same period last year. The Bank grew deposits
as a result of the acquisition of CNB as well as building new relationships in existing and new markets. Average public fund deposits
comprised 17.9% of total average deposits during 2016 and 16.0% of total average deposits in 2015.  Average federal funds
purchased and repurchase agreements increased $48.4 million or 44.8% to $156.3 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $107.9 million for the same period in the prior year. Average FHLB advances increased $150.4 million to $264.8
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $114.4 million for the same period in 2015. Average subordinated
debentures increased $75.5 million to $78.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.9 million for the
same period in 2015. 

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses  

The Bank s loan portfolio consists
primarily of real estate loans secured by commercial and residential real estate properties located in the Bank s principal
lending areas of Nassau and Suffolk Counties on Long Island and the New York City boroughs. The interest rates charged by the Bank
on loans are affected primarily by the demand for such loans, the supply of money available for lending purposes, the rates offered
by its competitors, the Bank s relationship with the customer, and the related credit risks of the transaction. These factors
are affected by general and economic conditions including, but not limited to, monetary policies of the federal government, including
the Federal Reserve Board, legislative policies and governmental budgetary matters. 

Based on our continuing review of the overall
loan portfolio, the current asset quality of the portfolio, the growth in the loan portfolio and the net charge-offs, a provision
for loan losses of $2.0 million and $4.2 million was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to a provision for loan losses of $1.5 million and $3.0 million, respectively, during the same periods in 2015. Net charge-offs
were $0.4 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to net charge-offs of $0.1 million for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. Net charge-offs were $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.5 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The ratio of allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans was 1,185%, 1,537% and 1,444%, at September
30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015, respectively. The allowance for loan losses increased to $24.3 million at
September 30, 2016 as compared to $20.7 million at December 31, 2015 and $20.2 million at September 30, 2015. As a percentage of
total loans the allowance was 0.94% at September 30, 2016 compared to 0.86% at December 31, 2015 and 0.88% at September 30, 2015.
The increases in the allowance for loan losses and the provisions for loan losses reflect loan portfolio growth as well as certain
acquired loans being refinanced by the Bank. In accordance with current accounting guidance, the acquired CNB loans were recorded
at fair value as of acquisition, effectively netting estimated future losses against the loan balances whereas loans originated
and refinanced by the Bank have recorded reserves. Management continues to carefully monitor the loan portfolio as well as real
estate trends in Nassau and Suffolk Counties and the boroughs of New York City. 

Loans of approximately $41.3 million or
1.6% of total loans at September 30, 2016 were categorized as classified loans compared to $26.9 million or 1.1% at December 31,
2015 and $21.7 million or 0.9% at September 30, 2015. Classified loans include loans with credit quality indicators with the
internally assigned grades of special mention, substandard and doubtful. These loans are categorized as classified loans because
management has information that indicates the borrower may not be able to comply with the present repayment terms. These loans
are subject to increased management attention and their classification is reviewed on at least a quarterly basis. At September
30, 2016, classified loans included $0.3 million of acquired FNBNY loans and $1.5 million of acquired CNB loans. At December 31,
2015, classified loans included $0.3 million of acquired FNBNY loans and $9.6 million of acquired CNB loans. 

At September 30, 2016, approximately $27.3
million of classified loans were commercial real estate ( CRE ) loans, including multi-family loans, and were well
secured with real estate as collateral. Of the $ 27.3 million of CRE loans, $ 26.5 million were current and $0.8 million were past
due. In addition, all the CRE loans have personal guarantees. At September 30, 2016, approximately $2.7 million 

Table of Contents   

of classified loans were residential real
estate loans with $1.7 million current and $1.0 million past due. Commercial, industrial, and agricultural loans represented $10.9
million of classified loans, with $10.3 million current and $0.6 million past due. There was $0.3 million of real estate construction
and land loans considered classified, all of which was current. All real estate construction and land loans are well secured with
collateral. The remaining $0.1 million in classified loans are consumer loans that are unsecured and demonstrate sufficient cash
flow to pay the loans. 

CRE loans, including multi-family loans,
represented $1.53 billion or 59.3% of the total loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 compared to $1.35 billion or 56.1% at December
31, 2015 and $1.33 billion or 57.8% at September 30, 2015. The Bank s underwriting standards for CRE loans requires an evaluation
of the cash flow of the property, the overall cash flow of the borrower and related guarantors as well as the value of the real
estate securing the loan. In addition, the Bank s underwriting standards for CRE loans are consistent with regulatory requirements
with original loan to value ratios generally less than or equal to 75%. The Bank considers charge-off history, delinquency trends,
cash flow analysis, and the impact of the local economy on commercial real estate values when evaluating the appropriate level
of the allowance for loan losses. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had individually impaired loans as defined by FASB ASC No. 310,  Receivables  of $3.8 million
and $2.6 million, respectively. For a loan to be considered impaired, management determines after review whether it is probable
that the Bank will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Management
applies its normal loan review procedures in making these judgments. Impaired loans include individually classified nonaccrual
loans and troubled debt restructured loans. For impaired loans, the Bank evaluates the impairment of the loan in accordance with
FASB ASC 310-10-35-22. Impairment is determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s
effective interest rate. For loans that are collateral dependent, the fair value of the collateral is used to determine the fair
value of the loan. The fair value of the collateral is determined based on recent appraised values. The fair value of the collateral
or present value of expected cash flows is compared to the carrying value to determine if any write-down or specific loan loss
allowance allocation is required. These methods of fair value measurement for impaired loans are considered Level 3 within the
fair value hierarchy described in FASB ASC 820-10-50-5. 

Nonaccrual loans were $2.1 million or 0.08%
of total loans at September 30, 2016 and $1.4 million or 0.06% of total loans at December 31, 2015. Approximately $0.3 million
and $0.1 million of the nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, represent troubled debt restructured
loans. 

The Bank had no other real estate owned
at September 30, 2016 and $0.3 million at December 31, 2015. 

Table of Contents   

The following table sets forth changes in the allowance for
loan losses for the periods indicated: 

Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses  

The following table sets forth the allocation of the total allowance
for loan losses by loan classification at the dates indicated: 

Non-Interest Income  

Total non-interest income increased $0.1
million to $4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.9 million for the same period in 2015. The
increase primarily reflects an increase in customer fee income of $0.4 million and an increase in BOLI income of $0.2 million,
offset by lower gains on sales of loans of $0.3 million and lower loan swap fee income of $0.1 million. 

Total non-interest income increased $3.0
million or 32.9% to $12.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $9.3 million for the same period in
2015. The increase primarily reflects an increase in customer fee income of $1.4 million, net securities gains of $0.5 million,
an increase in BOLI income of $0.5 million, and a net recovery associated with certain identified FNBNY acquired problem loans,
offset by a decrease in loan swap fee income. 

Table of Contents   

Non-Interest Expense  

Total non-interest expense decreased $0.2
million to $19.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $19.4 million over the same period in 2015.
The decrease was primarily related to acquisition costs of $0.9 million in 2015 and lower amortization of intangibles of $0.2 million
in 2016 compared to 2015, offset by increases in salaries and benefits, technology and communications, marketing and advertising,
and professional services expenses.  Salaries and benefits increased $0.3 million to $10.3 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to $10.0 million for the same period in 2015. Technology and communications increased to $1.2 million
for the 2016 third quarter from $1.0 million for the same period in the prior year. Marketing and advertising increased to $1.0
million compared to $0.9 million for the same period in 2015. Professional services increased to $0.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from $0.6 million for the same period in 2015. 

Total non-interest expense increased $3.9
million or 7.0% to $58.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $54.7 million over the same period
in 2015.  Salaries and benefits increased $6.4 million or 25.7% to $31.5 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from $25.1 million for the same period in 2015. Occupancy and equipment expense increased $1.7 million to $9.4 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $7.7 million for the same period last year. Professional services increased
$1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $2.8 million as compared to $1.7 million for the same period last
year. Technology and communications increased to $3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.6 million for
the same period the prior year. Amortization of other intangible assets increased to $1.8 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from $0.8 million for the same period in 2015. Marketing and advertising increased to $3.0 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 from $2.3 million for the same period in 2015. FDIC assessments increased $0.4 million to $1.5 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.1 million for the same period last year. Other operating expenses
increased $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $5.1 million as compared to $4.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. These increases were offset by a decrease in acquisition costs of $9.6 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Acquisition costs totaled $9.3 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 compared to a recovery of accrued acquisition costs of $0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The
increases in non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 are primarily
related to higher operating costs associated with the acquired CNB operations and facilities, investments in technology, additional
marketing costs, higher FDIC assessment resulting from the increase in asset size, and amortization of CNB related intangible
assets .  

Income Taxes   

The provision for income taxes was $4.7
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The
effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was 34.5% compared to 35.0% for the same period last year. 

The provision for income taxes was $14.0
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $6.6 million for the same period last year. The effective tax
rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased to 34.7% from 33.6% for the same period last year. The increase in
the effective rate for 2016 was a result of the tax benefit associated with the change in New York City tax law recognized in 2015. 

Financial Condition  

Total assets of the Company at September
30, 2016 increased $52.0 million to $3.83 billion at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 .  Cash and due from
banks decreased $39.0 million from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. Total securities decreased $114.3 million or 11.3%
to $894.3 million and net loans increased $171.9 million or 7.2% to $2.56 billion compared to December 31, 2015. BOLI increased
$31.4 million to $84.7 million at September 30, 2016. Total deposits increased $80.1 million to $2.92 billion at September 30,
2016 compared to $2.84 billion at December 31, 2015. Demand deposits decreased $43.2 million to $1.11 billion as of September 30,
2016 compared to $1.16 billion at December 31, 2015. Savings, NOW and money market deposits increased $213.4 million to $1.61 billion
at September 30, 2016 from $1.39 billion at December 31, 2015. Certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more decreased $53.0 million
to $114.8 million at September 30, 2016, from $167.8 million at December 31, 2015. Other time deposits decreased $37.2 million
to $87.9 million at September 30, 2016, from $125.1 million at December 31, 2015. Federal funds purchased were $100.0 million at
September 30, 2016 compared to $120.0 million at December 31, 2015. Federal Home Loan Bank advances were $269.5 million at September
30, 2016 compared to $297.5 million at December 31, 2015. 

Stockholders  equity was $362.6 million
at September 30, 2016, an increase of $21.5 million or 6.3% from December 31, 2015, reflecting net income of $26.3 million, a $4.7
million increase in other comprehensive income primarily related to the decrease in the unrealized loss on available for sale securities,
$1.6 million related to stock based compensation plans, and $0.7 million related to shares issued 

Table of Contents   

under the dividend reinvestment plan, partially
offset by $12.1 million in dividends. In October 2016, the Company declared a quarterly dividend of $0.23 per share and continues
its long term trend of uninterrupted dividends. 

Liquidity   

The objective of liquidity management is
to ensure the sufficiency of funds available to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers, and to take advantage of unanticipated
earnings enhancement opportunities for Company growth. Liquidity management addresses the ability of the Company to meet financial
obligations that arise in the normal course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet customer borrowing commitments,
deposit withdrawals either on demand or contractual maturity, to repay borrowings as they mature, to fund current and planned expenditures
and to make new loans and investments as opportunities arise. The Holding Company s principal sources of liquidity included
cash and cash equivalents of $0.6 million as of September 30, 2016, and dividend capabilities from the Bank. Cash available for
distribution of dividends to shareholders of the Company is primarily derived from dividends paid by the Bank to the Company. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Bank paid $5.8 million in cash dividends to the Company. Prior regulatory approval
is required if the total of all dividends declared by the Bank in any calendar year exceeds the total of the Bank s net income
of that year combined with its retained net income of the preceding two years. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank has $51.2 million
of retained net income available for dividends to the Company. In the event that the Company subsequently expands its current operations,
in addition to dividends from the Bank, it will need to rely on its own earnings, additional capital raised and other borrowings
to meet liquidity needs. 

The Bank s most liquid assets are
cash and cash equivalents, securities available for sale and securities held to maturity due within one year. The levels of these
assets are dependent on the Bank s operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. Other
sources of liquidity include loan and investment securities principal repayments and maturities, lines of credit with other financial
institutions including the FHLB and FRB, growth in core deposits and sources of wholesale funding such as brokered certificates
of deposit. While scheduled loan amortization, maturing securities and short term investments are a relatively predictable source
of funds, deposit flows and loan and mortgage-backed securities prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic
conditions and competition. The Bank adjusts its liquidity levels as appropriate to meet funding needs such as seasonal deposit
outflows, loans, and asset and liability management objectives. Historically, the Bank has relied on its deposit base, drawn through
its full-service branches that serve its market area and local municipal deposits, as its principal source of funding. The Bank
seeks to retain existing deposits and loans and maintain customer relationships by offering quality service and competitive interest
rates to its customers, while managing the overall cost of funds needed to finance its strategies. 

The Bank s Asset/Liability and Funds
Management Policy allows for wholesale borrowings of up to 25% of total assets. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had aggregate lines
of credit of $295.0 million with unaffiliated correspondent banks to provide short term credit for liquidity requirements. Of these
aggregate lines of credit, $275.0 million is available on an unsecured basis. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank had $100.0 million
in overnight borrowings outstanding under these lines. The Bank also has the ability, as a member of the FHLB system, to borrow
against unencumbered residential and commercial mortgages owned by the Bank. The Bank also has a master repurchase agreement with
the FHLB, which increases its borrowing capacity. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank had $111.0 million outstanding in FHLB overnight
borrowings and $158.5 million outstanding in FHLB term borrowings. As of December 31, 2015, the Bank had $120.0 million in overnight
borrowings outstanding, nothing outstanding in FHLB overnight borrowings and $297.5 million outstanding in FHLB term borrowings.
As of September 30, 2016, the Bank had $50.0 million of securities sold under agreements to repurchase outstanding with brokers
and $1.1 million outstanding with customers. As of December 31, 2015, the Bank had $50.0 million of securities sold under agreements
to repurchase outstanding with brokers and $0.9 million outstanding with customers. In addition, the Bank has approved broker relationships
for the purpose of issuing brokered deposits. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank had $18.4 million outstanding in brokered certificates
of deposit and $89.1 million outstanding in brokered money market accounts. As of December 31, 2015, the Bank had $22.4 million
outstanding in brokered certificates of deposit and $148.0 million outstanding in brokered money market accounts. 

Liquidity policies are
established by senior management and reviewed and approved by the full Board of Directors at least annually. Management
continually monitors the liquidity position and believes that sufficient liquidity exists to meet all of the Company s
operating requirements. The Bank s liquidity levels are  affected by the use of short term and wholesale
borrowings and the amount of public funds in the deposit mix. Excess short-term liquidity is invested in overnight federal funds sold or in an interest
earning account at the Federal Reserve. 

Table of Contents   

Capital Resources   

The Company and the Bank are subject to
various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on the Company s and the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative
measures of the Company s and Bank s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory
accounting practices. The Company s and Bank s capital amounts and classifications also are subject to qualitative
judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

Quantitative
measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and
ratios of total and tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets and of tier 1 capital to average assets. Tier 1 capital, risk weighted
assets and average assets are as defined by regulation. The required minimums for the Company and Bank are set forth in the tables
that follow.  The Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements at September 30, 2016. 

On January 1, 2015, the Basel III Capital Rules became effective
and include transition provisions through January 1, 2019. These rules provide for the following minimum capital to risk-weighted
assets ratios as of January 1, 2015: a) 4.5% based on common equity tier 1 capital ( CET1  b) 6.0% based on tier 1
capital; and c) 8.0% based on total regulatory capital. A minimum leverage ratio (tier 1 capital as a percentage of total average
assets) of 4.0% is also required under the Basel III Capital Rules. 

When fully phased in, the Basel III Capital
Rules will additionally require institutions to retain a capital conservation buffer, composed of CET1, of 2.5% above these required
minimum capital ratio levels. The capital conservation buffer requirement is being phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625%
of risk-weighted assets and increasing by 0.625% each subsequent January 1, until it reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019. When the
capital conservation buffer is fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the Company and the Bank will effectively have the following
minimum capital to risk-weighted assets ratios: a) 7.0% based on CET1; b) 8.5% based on tier 1 capital; and c) 10.5% based on total
regulatory capital. 

The Company and the Bank made the one-time,
permanent election to continue to exclude the effects of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss items included in stockholders'
equity for the purposes of determining the regulatory capital ratios. 

As of September 30, 2016 the most recent
notification from the FDIC categorized the Bank as  well capitalized  under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action. To be categorized as  well capitalized,  the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, tier 1 risk-based
and tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table below. Since that notification, there are no conditions or events that management
believes have changed the institution s category. 

The following tables present
actual capital levels and minimum required levels for the Company and the Bank under Basel III rules at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015.   

Table of Contents   

Recent Regulatory and Accounting Developments   

Refer to Note 15.  Recent Accounting
Pronouncements  in the Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1  Financial Statements 
for details related to recent regulatory and accounting developments. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

Asset/Liability Management  

Management considers interest rate risk
to be the most significant market risk for the Company. Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and
rates. Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in the net income of the Company as a result of changes in interest
rates. 

The Company s primary earnings source
is net interest income, which is affected by changes in the level of interest rates, the relationship between rates, the impact
of interest rate fluctuations on asset prepayments, the level and composition of deposits and liabilities, and the credit quality
of earning assets. The Company s objectives in its asset and liability management are to maintain a strong, stable net interest
margin, to utilize its capital effectively without taking undue risks, to maintain adequate liquidity, and to reduce vulnerability
of its operations to changes in interest rates. 

The Company s Asset and Liability
Committee evaluates periodically, but at least four times a year, the impact of changes in market interest rates on assets and
liabilities, net interest margin, capital and liquidity. Risk assessments are governed by policies and limits established by senior
management, which are reviewed and approved by the full Board of Directors at least annually. The economic environment continually
presents uncertainties as to future interest rate trends. The Asset and Liability Committee regularly utilizes a model that projects
net interest income based on increasing or decreasing interest rates, in order to be better able to respond to changes in interest
rates. 

At September 30, 2016, $829.8 million or
92.8% of the Company s securities had fixed interest rates. Changes in interest rates affect the value of the Company s
interest earning assets and in particular its securities portfolio. Generally, the value of securities fluctuates inversely with
changes in interest rates. Increases in interest rates could result in decreases in the market value of interest earning assets,
which could adversely affect the Company s stockholders  equity and its results of operations if sold. The Company
is also subject to reinvestment risk associated with changes in interest rates. Changes in market interest rates also could affect
the type (fixed-rate or adjustable-rate) and amount of loans originated by the Company and the average life of loans and securities,
which can impact the yields earned on the Company s loans and securities. In periods of decreasing interest rates, the average
life of loans and securities held by the Company may be shortened to the extent increased prepayment activity occurs during such
periods which, in turn, may result in the investment of funds from such prepayments in lower yielding assets. Under these circumstances
the Company is subject to reinvestment risk to the extent that it is unable to reinvest the cash received from such prepayments
at rates that are comparable to the rates on existing loans and securities. Additionally, increases in interest rates may result
in decreasing loan prepayments with respect to fixed rate loans (and therefore an increase in the average life of such loans),
may result in a decrease in loan demand, and make it more difficult for borrowers to repay adjustable rate loans. 

Table of Contents   

The Company utilizes the results of a detailed
and dynamic simulation model to quantify the estimated exposure to net interest income to sustained interest rate changes. Management
routinely monitors simulated net interest income sensitivity over a rolling two-year horizon. The simulation model captures the
seasonality of the Company s deposit flows and the impact of changing interest rates on the interest income received and
the interest expense paid on all assets and liabilities reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. This sensitivity
analysis is compared to the asset and liability policy limits that specify a maximum tolerance level for net interest income exposure
over a one-year horizon given 100 and 200 basis point upward shifts in interest rates and a 100 basis point downward shift in interest
rates. A parallel and pro-rata shift in rates over a twelve-month period is assumed. 

In addition to the above scenarios, the
Company considers other, non-parallel rate shifts that would also exert pressure on earnings. The current low interest rate environment
presents the possibility for a flattening of the yield curve. This could happen if the Federal Open Market Committee began
to raise short-term interest rates without there being a corresponding rise in long-term rates. This would have the effect of
raising short-term borrowing costs without allowing longer term assets to reprice higher. 

The following reflects the Company s net interest income
sensitivity analysis at September 30, 2016: 

As noted in the table above, a 200 basis
point increase in interest rates is projected to decrease net interest income over the next twelve months by 4.56 percent. Our
balance sheet sensitivity to such a move in interest rates at September 30, 2016 increased as compared to September 30, 2015 (which
was a decrease of 3.64 percent in net interest income over a 12 month period). This increase is the result of larger short term
funding balances coupled with a short term rate increase in comparison to the prior year. Overall, the strategy for the Bank remains
focused on reducing our exposure to rising rates. Over the intervening year, the effective duration (a measure of price sensitivity
to interest rates) of the bond portfolio decreased from 3.46 to 3.07. Additionally, the bank has increased its use of swaps to
extend liabilities. 

The preceding sensitivity analysis does
not represent a Company forecast and should not be relied on as being indicative of expected operating results. These hypothetical
estimates are based on numerous assumptions including, but not limited to, the nature and timing of interest rate levels and yield
curve shapes, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, and reinvestment
and replacement of asset and liability cash flows. While assumptions are developed based on perceived current economic and local
market conditions, the Company cannot make any assurances as to the predictive nature of these assumptions including how customer
preferences or competitor influences may change. Also, as market conditions vary from those assumed in the sensitivity analysis,
actual results will also differ due to prepayment and refinancing levels likely deviating from those assumed, the varying impact
of interest rate change caps or floors on adjustable rate assets, the potential effect of changing debt service levels on customers
with adjustable rate loans, depositor early withdrawals, prepayment penalties and product preference changes and other internal
and external variables. Furthermore, the sensitivity analysis does not reflect actions that management might take in responding
to, or anticipating, changes in interest rates and market conditions. 

Table of Contents   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

An evaluation was performed under the supervision
and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2016. Based on that
evaluation, the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. There has been
no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

From time to time the Company and its subsidiaries are subject
to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these legal
actions is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed
in Item 1A., Risk Factors, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds   

(a)  Not applicable.   

(b)  Not applicable.   

(c)  Not applicable.   

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities   

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information   

Not applicable. 

Table of Contents   

Item 6. Exhibits    

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BRIDGE BANCORP, INC.   

Registrant  

November 7, 2016 
      /s/ Kevin M. O Connor   

Kevin M. O Connor  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 7, 2016 
      /s/ John M. McCaffery   

John M. McCaffery  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602600_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)   

I, Kevin M. O Connor, certify that: 

1)  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bridge Bancorp, Inc.;   

2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4)  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report
is being prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5)  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors:   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Kevin M. O Connor 

Kevin M. O Connor 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602600_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)   

I,   John
M. McCaffery  , certify that:  

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bridge Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report
is being prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors:   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ John M. McCaffery  

John M. McCaffery 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1602600_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

This certification is being furnished as
required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter
63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange
Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise stated in such filing. 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b)
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

As adopted pursuant to   

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, (the  Report ), we, Kevin M. O Connor, President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company and, John M. McCaffery, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 7, 2016  
      /s/ Kevin M. O Connor   

Kevin M. O Connor   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ John M. McCaffery   

John M. McCaffery  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bdge-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bdge-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bdge-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bdge-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bdge-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bdge-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

