<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1289340_0001193125-16-765822_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4080760</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97546</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>239386</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>807103</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1781504</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1041572</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765822.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110153450
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765822
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stereotaxis, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001289340
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				943120386
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36159
		FILM NUMBER:		161987785

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4320 FOREST PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			ST.LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-678-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4320 FOREST PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			ST.LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765822.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d288525d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q       
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                        
  Commission File Number: 001-36159   
  STEREOTAXIS, INC.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (314) 678-6100   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.         Yes         No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Registration S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).         Yes         No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b -2 of the Exchange
Act).         Yes         No  
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock on October 31, 2016 was 21,904,128.  

STEREOTAXIS, INC.   
  INDEX TO FORM 10-Q       

Page  

Part I Financial Information 

Item 1.  
   
  Financial Statements (unaudited)   

Balance Sheets  

3 

Statements of Operations  

4 

Statements of Cash Flows  

5 

Notes to Financial Statements  

6-17 

Item 2.  
   
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

18-23 

Item 3.  
   
  [Reserved]  

23 

Item 4.  
   
  Controls and Procedures  

23 

Part II Other Information  

Item 1.  
   
  Legal Proceedings  

24 

Item 1A.  
   
  Risk Factors  

24 

Item 2.  
   
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

24 

Item 3.  
   
  Defaults upon Senior Securities  

24 

Item 4.  
   
  [Reserved]  

24 

Item 5.  
   
  Other Information  

24 

Item 6.  
   
  Exhibits  

24 

Signatures   

25 

Exhibit Index   

26 

2  

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          STEREOTAXIS, INC.   
  BALANCE SHEETS       
    See accompanying notes.   
      3  

STEREOTAXIS, INC.   
  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes.   
      4  

STEREOTAXIS, INC.   
  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes.   
      5  

STEREOTAXIS, INC.   
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Unaudited)      Notes to Financial
Statements     In this report,  Stereotaxis , the  Company ,  Registrant ,  we ,  us ,
and  our  refer to Stereotaxis, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Epoch   , Niobe   , Odyssey   , Odyssey Cinema   , Vdrive   , Vdrive Duo   , V-CAS   , V-Loop   ,
V-Sono   , V-CAS Deflect   , QuikCAS   , Cardiodrive   , and Pegasus    are trademarks of Stereotaxis, Inc. All other trademarks that appear in this report are the property of their respective
owners.      1. Description of Business    
 Stereotaxis designs, manufactures, and markets the Epoch    Solution, an advanced remote
robotic navigation system for use in a hospital s interventional surgical suite or  interventional lab , that we believe revolutionizes the treatment of arrhythmias and coronary artery disease by enabling enhanced safety, efficiency,
and efficacy for catheter-based or interventional procedures. The  Epoch  Solution is comprised of the Niobe    ES Magnetic Navigation System (  Niobe  ES system ), Odyssey    Information Management Solution (  Odyssey  Solution ), and the Vdrive    Robotic Navigation System (  Vdrive 
system ) and related devices.    The  Niobe  ES system is designed to enable physicians to complete more complex interventional
procedures by providing image-guided delivery of catheters and guidewires through the blood vessels and chambers of the heart to treatment sites. This is achieved using externally applied magnetic fields that govern the motion of the working tip of
the catheter or guidewire, resulting in improved navigation, efficient procedures, and reduced X-ray exposure.    In addition to the
 Niobe  ES system and its components, Stereotaxis has also developed the  Odyssey  Solution, which consolidates all lab information, enabling doctors to focus on the patient for optimal procedure efficiency. The platform also features a
remote viewing and recording capability called the Odyssey Cinema    system, an innovative system delivering synchronized content for optimized workflow, advanced care, and improved
productivity. This tool includes an archiving capability that allows clinicians to store and replay entire procedures or segments of procedures. This information can be accessed from locations throughout the hospital s local area network and
over the global  Odyssey  Network, providing physicians with a tool for clinical collaboration, remote consultation, and training.  
 Our  Vdrive  system provides navigation and stability for diagnostic and therapeutic devices designed to improve interventional
procedures. The  Vdrive  system complements the  Niobe  ES system s control of therapeutic catheters for fully remote procedures and enables single-operator workflow. It is sold as two options, the  Vdrive  system and the Vdrive
Duo    system. In addition to the  Vdrive  system and the  Vdrive Duo  system, we also manufacture and market various disposable components which can be manipulated by these systems.
   We promote the full  Epoch  Solution in a typical hospital implementation, subject to regulatory approvals or clearances. The full
 Epoch  Solution implementation requires a hospital to agree to an upfront capital payment and recurring payments. The upfront capital payment typically includes equipment and installation charges. The recurring payments typically include
disposable costs for each procedure, equipment service costs beyond the warranty period, and software licenses. In hospitals where the full  Epoch  Solution has not been implemented, equipment upgrade or expansion may be implemented upon
purchase of the necessary components. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has an installed base of 129  Niobe  ES systems.    The core
components of Stereotaxis  systems have received regulatory clearance in the United States, European Union, Canada, China, Japan and various other countries. We have received regulatory clearance, licensing and/or CE Mark approvals
necessary for us to market the  Vdrive  and  Vdrive Duo    systems with the  V-CAS, V-Loop    and  V-Sono    devices in the U.S., Canada and European Union. The  V-CAS
 Deflect catheter advancement system has been CE Marked for sale in the European Union. We have received Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) clearance and the CE Mark necessary for us to market our suite of Pegasus    coronary peripheral guidewires in the United States and Europe.    Since our
inception, we have generated significant losses. As of September 30, 2016, we have incurred cumulative net losses of approximately $476.8 million. In 2016, the Company plans to continue developing the  Niobe    ES system with the
goal of furthering clinical adoption and new system placements. We expect to incur additional losses in 2016 as we continue the development and commercialization of our products, conduct our research and development activities, advance new
products into clinical development from our existing research programs and fund additional sales and marketing initiatives. During the remainder of 2016, we will continue to monitor operating expenses and make additional investments in certain
targeted areas.    Our existing cash, cash equivalents, and borrowing facilities may not be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and
capital equipment requirements through the next 12 months, which would require us to obtain additional financing. We may be required to raise capital or pursue other financing strategies to continue our operations. Until we can generate significant
cash flow from our operations, we expect to continue to fund our operations with cash resources primarily generated from the proceeds of our past and future public offerings, private sales of our equity securities, and loans collateralized by
working capital and equipment. We continue to explore financing alternatives, which may include the sale of equity securities or non-core assets, strategic collaboration agreements, debt financings, or distribution rights. We cannot accurately
predict the timing and amount of our utilization of capital, which will depend on a number of factors outside of our control.   We cannot
assure that additional financing will be available on acceptable terms or that such financing will not be dilutive to our stockholders. If adequate funds are not available to us, we could be required to delay development or commercialization of new
products, to license to third parties the rights to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise seek to commercialize ourselves, or to reduce the sales, marketing, customer support or other resources devoted to our products, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operational results. In addition, we could be required to cease operations.  
      6  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    
  Basis of Presentation     The
accompanying unaudited financial statements of Stereotaxis, Inc. have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all
the disclosures required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, they include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair
presentation of the results for the interim periods presented. Operating results for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ended December 31, 2016 or for future
operating periods.    These interim financial statements and the related notes should be read in conjunction with the annual financial
statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 11, 2016.  
   Financial Instruments    
 Financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and debt. The carrying value of such amounts
reported at the applicable balance sheet dates approximates fair value. See Note 9 for disclosure of the fair value of debt.    The Company
measures certain financial assets and liabilities, including warrants, at fair value on a recurring basis. General accounting principles for fair value measurement established a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities ( Level 1 ) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs ( Level
3 ). See Note 11 for additional details.      Revenue and Costs of Revenue    
 The Company accounts for revenue using Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605-25,  Multiple-Element Arrangements  ( ASC
605-25 ).    ASC 605-25 permits management to estimate the selling price of undelivered components of a bundled sale for which it is
unable to establish vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) or third-party evidence ( TPE ). This requires management to record revenue for certain elements of a transaction even though it might not have delivered other
elements of the transaction, for which it was unable to meet the requirements for establishing VSOE or TPE. The Company believes that the guidance significantly improves the reporting of these types of transactions to more closely reflect the
underlying economic circumstances. This guidance also prohibits the use of the residual method for allocating revenue to the various elements of a transaction and requires that the revenue be allocated proportionally based on the relative estimated
selling prices.    Under our revenue recognition policy, a portion of revenue for  Niobe  systems,  Vdrive  systems and certain
 Odyssey  systems is recognized upon delivery, provided that title has passed, there are no uncertainties regarding acceptance, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection of the
related receivable is reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized for other types of  Odyssey  systems upon completion of installation, since there are no qualified third party installers. When installation is the responsibility of the customer,
revenue from system sales is recognized upon shipment since these arrangements do not include an installation element or right of return privileges. The Company does not recognize revenue in situations in which inventory remains at a Stereotaxis
warehouse or in situations in which title and risk of loss have not transferred to the customer. Amounts collected prior to satisfying the above revenue recognition criteria are reflected as deferred revenue. Revenue from services and license fees,
whether sold individually or as a separate unit of accounting in a multiple-deliverable arrangement, is deferred and amortized over the service or license fee period, which is typically one year. Revenue from services is derived primarily from the
sale of annual product maintenance plans. We recognize revenue from disposable device sales or accessories upon shipment and establish an appropriate reserve for returns. The return reserve, which is applicable only to disposable devices, is
estimated based on historical experience which is periodically reviewed and updated as necessary. In the past, changes in estimate have had only a de minimis effect on revenue recognized in the period. We believe that the estimate is not likely to
change significantly in the future.    Costs of systems revenue include direct product costs, installation labor and other costs, estimated
warranty costs, and initial training and product maintenance costs. These costs are recorded at the time of sale. Costs of disposable revenue include direct product costs and estimated warranty costs and are recorded at the time of sale. Cost of
revenue from services and license fees are recorded when incurred.      Share-Based Compensation    
 The Company accounts for its grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, and restricted stock units and for its
employee stock purchase plan in accordance with the provisions of general accounting principles for share-based payments. These accounting principles require the determination of the fair value of the share-based compensation at the grant date and
the recognition of the related expense over the period in which the share-based compensation vests.    The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes
valuation model to determine the fair value of stock options and stock appreciation rights at the date of grant. The resulting compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally four years. Compensation expense
is recognized only for those awards expected to vest, with forfeitures estimated based on the Company s historical experience and future expectations. Restricted shares granted to employees are valued at the fair market value at the date of
grant. The Company amortizes the fair market value to expense over the service period. If the shares are subject to performance objectives, the resulting compensation expense is amortized over the anticipated vesting period and is subject to
adjustment based on the actual achievement of objectives.  
      7  

Net Earnings (Loss) per Common Share ( EPS )    
 Basic and diluted net earnings (loss) per common share are computed by dividing the net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period.    The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS:  
   
   In addition, the Company did not include any portion of unearned restricted shares, outstanding options, stock
appreciation rights or warrants in the calculation of diluted loss per common share because all such securities are anti-dilutive for all periods presented. The application of the two-class method of computing earnings per share under general
accounting principles for participating securities is not applicable during these periods because the Company s unearned restricted shares do not contractually participate in its losses.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 683,855 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and stock
appreciation rights at a weighted average exercise price of $8.67 per share, 38,963,443 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants at a weighted average exercise price of $0.84 per share, and 1,205,871 shares of
unvested restricted share units.      Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    
 In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU  or
 Update ) No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . This amendment is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, forfeitures, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2016 (January 1, 2017 for the Company) and interim periods within those fiscal years, with earlier application permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (ASC 842) , which sets out the principles for the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessees and lessors). The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle
of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight line basis over the term of the lease,
respectively. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for
similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. The new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating
leases. ASC 842 supersedes the previous leases standard, ASC 840 Leases. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 31, 2018 (January 1, 2019 for the Company), with early adoption permitted. The
Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update.    In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes . The amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of
financial position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and
presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update. This standard is effective for public companies for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 (January 1, 2017 for the
Company), and interim periods within those annual periods. We adopted this accounting standard update in 2015 and there was no impact to the results of operations or cash flows.  
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  regarding the
subsequent measurement of inventory as part of its Simplification Initiative. This standard is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 (January 1, 2017 for the Company), including interim periods within
those fiscal years. This Update should be applied prospectively, and early application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this accounting standard update but
do not expect this to significantly impact the results of operations, financial conditions, cash flows, or financial statement presentation.  
      8  

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . To simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this Update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in
the balance sheet as a direct deduction from that debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with
Line-of-Credit Arrangements Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting (SEC Update), which adds the SEC staff s guidance on the presentation of debt issuance costs associated with
lines of credit to the Codification. The SEC staff stated it will not object to an entity presenting the costs of securing line-of-credit arrangements as an asset, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings. The Standard is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 (January 1, 2016 for the Company), and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments in this Update is permitted for
financial statements that have not been previously issued. We have adopted this accounting standard update. The Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 included $349,018 of deferred financing costs that were, under the new guidance,
presented as a direct reduction to debt liabilities. In September 2016, the company extinguished the remainder of the debt upon an agreement entered into with Healthcare Royalty Partners. See Note 9 for additional details.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, to communicate amendments to FASB Account Standards Codification Subtopic 205-40,
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . The ASU requires management to evaluate relevant conditions, events and certain management plans that are known or reasonably knowable as of the
evaluation date when determining whether substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists. Management will be required to make this evaluation for both annual and interim reporting periods. Management will have
to make certain disclosures if it concludes that substantial doubt exists and when it plans to alleviate substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The standard is effective for annual periods ending after
December 15, 2016 and for interim reporting periods starting in the first quarter of 2017 (December 31, 2016 for the Company). Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this accounting standard update on our
financial statement disclosures.    In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  which
converges the FASB s and the International Accounting Standards Board s current standards on revenue recognition. The standard provides companies with a single model to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers
and supersedes current revenue guidance. The standard is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The standard permits companies to either apply the adoption to all periods
presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption through a cumulative adjustment. In April 2015, the FASB issued an exposure draft related to the deferral of the effective date, which would delay our effective date one year. Therefore,
the standard would be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (January 1, 2018 for the Company). We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this accounting standard update on our financial statements and
disclosures and have not concluded on an adoption method.  
      9  

3. Inventories    
 Inventories consist of the following:      
     4. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets    
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:      
   Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation.  
   5. Property and Equipment    
 Property and equipment consist of the following:      
     6. Intangible Assets    
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had total intangible assets of $3,221,069. Accumulated amortization at September 30, 2016, was
$2,734,670.  
      10  

7. Accrued Liabilities    
 Accrued liabilities consist of the following:      
   Our primary company facilities are located in St. Louis, Missouri where we currently lease approximately
52,000 square feet of office and 12,000 square feet of demonstration and assembly space. In the third quarter of 2013, the Company modified the existing lease agreement to terminate approximately 13,000 square feet of unimproved space. The costs
associated with the termination were $515,138 and were accrued as a rent liability as of September 30, 2013. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining accrued costs associated with the termination were $207,399.  
 In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company entered an agreement to sublease 3,152 square feet of the first floor office space through
December 31, 2018. In July 2016, the Company and the subtenant mutually agreed to an early termination of the sublease, effective July 31, 2016.  
 In August 2016 the Company entered into an agreement to sublease approximately 11,000 square feet of office space through December 31, 2018.
The costs associated with the sublease were $40,972 and were accrued as a rent liability as of August 31, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining accrued costs associated with the termination were $36,094. As part of the sublease agreement,
the Company will sublease an additional 16,000 square feet beginning in January 2017.  
      11  

8. Deferred Revenue    
 Deferred revenue consists of the following:      
     9. Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities    
 Debt outstanding consists of the following:      
   In accordance with general accounting principles for fair value measurement, the Company s debt and
credit facilities were measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Long-term debt fair value estimates are based on estimated borrowing rates to discount the cash flows to their present value (Level 3). 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation.  
      12  

Revolving Line of Credit    
 The Company has had a working capital line of credit with its primary lender, Silicon Valley Bank, since 2004. The revolving line of credit is
secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. The maximum available under the line is $10.0 million subject to the value of collateralized assets. The Company is required under the revolving line of credit to maintain its primary
operating account and the majority of its cash and investment balances in accounts with its primary lender. The facility was amended on March 27, 2015, extending the maturity date to March 31, 2018 and on May 10, 2016, the Company and the primary
lender agreed to modify certain financial covenants. The amended agreement requires the Company to maintain a liquidity ratio greater than 1.50:1.00, excluding certain short term advances from the calculation, and a minimum tangible net worth of not
less than (no worse than) negative $24.0 million for the quarters ended June 30, 2016, September 30, 2016, December 31, 2016, March 31, 2017, June 30, 2017, and September 30, 2017; and not less than (no worse than) negative $24.5 million for the
quarters ended December 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018.    As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no outstanding balance under the revolving
line of credit. Draws on the line of credit are made based on the borrowing capacity one week in arrears. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a borrowing capacity of $4.0 million based on the Company s collateralized assets. The
Company s total liquidity as of September 30, 2016, was $13.2 million which included cash and cash equivalents of $9.2 million.  
   Healthcare Royalty Partners Debt    
 In November 2011, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Healthcare Royalty Partners. Under the agreement the Company borrowed from
Healthcare Royalty Partners $15 million. The Company was permitted to borrow up to an additional $5 million in the aggregate based on the achievement by the Company of certain milestones related to  Niobe  ES system sales in 2012. On August 8,
2012, the Company borrowed an additional $2.5 million based upon achievement of a milestone related to  Niobe  ES system sales for the nine months ended June 30, 2012. On January 31, 2013, the Company borrowed an additional $2.5 million based
upon achievement of a milestone related to  Niobe  ES system sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2012. The loan was to be repaid through, and secured by, royalties payable to the Company under its Development, Alliance and
Supply Agreement with Biosense Webster, Inc. (the  Biosense Agreement ). The Biosense Agreement relates to the development and distribution of magnetically enabled catheters used with Stereotaxis   Niobe  ES system in cardiac
ablation procedures. Under the terms of the agreement, Healthcare Royalty Partners was entitled to receive 100% of all royalties due to the Company under the Biosense Agreement until the loan was repaid. The loan was a full recourse loan,
scheduled to mature on December 31, 2018, and included interest at an annual rate of 16% payable quarterly with royalties received under the Biosense Agreement. If the payments received by the Company under the Biosense Agreement were insufficient
to pay all amounts of interest due on the loan, then such deficiency would have increased the outstanding principal amount on the loan. The loan was also secured by certain assets and intellectual property of the Company. The agreement also
contained customary affirmative and negative covenants. The use of payments due to the Company under the Biosense Agreement was approved by our primary lender.  
 In September 2016, the Company extinguished the remainder of the debt of $18.1 million, net of deferred financing costs of approximately $0.3
million, as well as accrued interest of $0.5 million for $13.0 million based upon an agreement entered into with Healthcare Royalty Partners. After the loan obligation was repaid, the royalties under the Biosense Agreement will again be paid to
the Company. As a result of the debt extinguishment, the company recognized a net gain of $5.6 million.      10. Stockholders 
Equity      The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held and to receive dividends whenever funds are
legally available and when declared by the Board of Directors subject to the rights of holders of all classes of stock having priority rights as dividends and the conditions of the revolving line of credit agreement. Since the Company s
inception, no dividends have been declared or paid.      Preferred Stock and Warrants    
 On September 26, 2016, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and other accredited investors
whereby it agreed to sell, for an aggregate purchase price of $24.0 million, (i) an aggregate of 24,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 with a stated value of $1,000 per share which are convertible into shares
of the Company s common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 36,923,078 shares of common stock. The transaction closed on September 29, 2016.  
 The Company received net proceeds from the sale of the preferred stock and warrants of $23.2 million, after offering expenses. The Company used
$13.0 million of the funds to satisfy in full all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement with Healthcare Royalty Partners, as noted above, and anticipates using the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes.  
 The designations, preferences, powers and rights of the preferred shares are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ( Certificate of Designations ) filed with the Delaware Secretary of State. The preferred shares are entitled to vote on an as-converted basis with the common stock, subject to specified
beneficial ownership issuance limitations. The preferred shares bear dividends at a rate of six percent (6%) per annum, which are cumulative and accrue daily from the date of issuance on the $1,000 stated value. Such dividends will not be paid
in cash except in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or any redemption of the preferred shares. Instead the value of the accrued dividends is added to the liquidation preference of the preferred shares and will
increase the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion. Each preferred share is convertible at the option of the holder from and after the date of issuance with no expiration date, at an initial conversion price of $0.65 per share,
subject to  
      13  

adjustment in the event of stock splits, dividends, mergers, sales of all or substantially all of our assets or similar transactions, subject to specified beneficial ownership issuance
limitations. Each holder of preferred shares has the right to require us to redeem such holder s preferred shares upon the occurrence of specified events, which include certain business combinations, the sale of all or substantially all of the
Company s assets or the sale of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, the Company has the right to redeem the preferred shares in the event of a change of control as defined in the
Certificate of Designations.    The preferred shares rank senior to our common stock as to distributions and payments upon the liquidation,
dissolution and winding up of the Company. No such distributions or payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company may be made to the holders of common stock unless and until the holders of preferred shares have
received the stated value of $1,000 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. Until all preferred shares have been converted or redeemed, no dividends may be paid on the common stock without the express written consent of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding preferred shares. In the event that dividends or other distributions of assets are made or paid by the Company to the holders of the common stock, the holders of preferred shares are entitled to participate in such
dividend or distribution on an as-converted basis.    On the date of the issuance, the fair value of the common stock was greater than the
allocated proceeds received for the Series A convertible preferred stock. As such, the Company accounted for the beneficial conversion feature under ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company recorded a deemed dividend charge of
$6.1 million for the accretion of a discount on the Series A convertible preferred stock. The deemed dividend was a non-cash transaction and is reflected below net loss to arrive at net loss available to common stockholders. Since the convertible
preferred shares are subject to conditions for redemption that are outside the Company s control, the preferred shares are presently reported in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet.  
 The warrants issued in conjunction with the preferred stock have an exercise price equal to $0.70 per share subject to adjustments as provided
under the terms of the warrants. The warrants are exercisable through September 29, 2021, subject to specified beneficial ownership issuance limitations. The warrants may be exercised by any holder on a cashless basis if, at any time after the date
that is 180 days after the closing, the registration statement required by the Registration Rights Agreement described below is not effective and available for resale of all of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such holder s
warrants. Due to the fact that the warrants are puttable upon the occurrence of certain events outside of the Company s control, the warrants qualify as liabilities under ASC 480-10. The calculated fair value of the warrants is classified as a
liability and is periodically re-measured with any changes in value recognized in  Other income (expense)  in the Statements of Operations. See Note 11 for additional details.  
   Listing Transfer to OTCQX    Best Market    
 On August 2, 2016, Stereotaxis, Inc. (the  Company ) received a determination letter from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the
 Panel ) notifying the Company that its common stock would be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market ( Nasdaq ) and that suspension of trading in the shares would be effective at the open of business on August 4, 2016. The
determination letter also indicated that Nasdaq would complete the delisting by filing a Form 25 Notification of Delisting with the Securities Exchange Commission, after applicable appeal periods have lapsed. The Panel made the determination to
delist the Company s common stock because the Company did not demonstrate compliance with the minimum $35 million market value of listed securities requirement for a period of ten consecutive trading days by August 1, 2016, as required by a
decision previously issued by the Panel on May 2, 2016. The Company s shares of common stock commenced trading on the OTCQX    Best Market on August 4, 2016 under the Company s
current ticker symbol of  STXS.       Controlled Equity Offering    
 The Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM  sales agreement (the  Sales
Agreement ) in May 2014, as amended on March 26, 2015, with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. ( Cantor ), as agent and/or principal, pursuant to which the Company could issue and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock having an
aggregate gross sales price of up to $18.0 million. The Company will pay Cantor a commission of 3.0% of the gross proceeds from any common stock sold through the Sales Agreement.  
 There were no proceeds from the Controlled Equity Offering during the three months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016,
$13.8 million of common stock remained available to be sold under this facility, subject to certain conditions as specified in the Sales Agreement. Due to the Company s transfer to the
OTCQX    Best Market on August 4, 2016, the Company s ability to generate proceeds from the sale of stock under the Controlled Equity Offering in the future may be limited or prohibited.
     Offerings of Common Stock    
 On October 8, 2015 the Company announced the results of its previously announced offering of transferable subscription warrants (the
 Warrants Offering) to holders of record of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the Warrants Offering, subscription warrants to purchase 267,256 shares of common stock were exercised, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of
$293,982.  
      14  

Stock Award Plans    
 The Company has various stock plans that permit the Company to provide incentives to employees and directors of the Company in the form of
equity compensation. In August 2012, the Board of Directors adopted the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) which was subsequently approved by the Company s shareholders. This plan replaced the 2002 Stock Incentive Plan which
expired on March 25, 2012.   On June 5, 2013, June 10, 2014, and on May 24, 2016 the shareholders approved amendments to the Plan, which
were previously approved and adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. Under each of the amendments on June 5, 2013 and June 10, 2014, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the Plan was increased by
one million shares. The amendment on May 24, 2016 increased the number of shares authorized for issuance under the Plan by 1.5 million shares. At September 30, 2016, the Company had 1,477,178 remaining shares of the Company s common stock to
provide for current and future grants under its various equity plans.    At September 30, 2016, the total compensation cost related to
options, stock appreciation rights and non-vested stock granted to employees under the Company s stock award plans but not yet recognized was approximately $1.7 million, net of estimated forfeitures of approximately $0.8 million. This cost will
be amortized over a period of up to four years over the underlying estimated service periods and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures and anticipated vesting periods. 
 A summary of the option and stock appreciation rights activity for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  
   
   A summary of the restricted stock unit activity for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 is as
follows:      
     11. Fair Value Measurements    
 The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents and warrants.
General accounting principles for fair value measurement established a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets and liabilities ( Level 1 ) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs ( Level 3 ). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:  

Level 1: 
 Values are based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.    

Level 2: 
 Values are based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, or other model-based valuation techniques for which all
significant assumptions are observable in the market.        

Level 3: 
 Values are generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market.    
 The following table sets forth the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair
value hierarchy. As required by the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures topic of the Accounting Standards Codification, assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
fair value measurement.  
      15  

Level 1   
 The Company s financial assets consist of cash equivalents invested in money market funds in the amount of $22,220 and $524,083 at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. These assets are classified as Level 1 as described above and total interest income recorded for these investments was insignificant during both the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016,
and September 30, 2015. There were no transfers in or out of Level 1 during the period ended September 30, 2016.     Level 2   
 The Company does not have any financial assets or liabilities classified as Level 2.  
  Level 3     In conjunction
with the Company s May 2012, August 2013 and September 2016 financing transactions, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. Due to the provisions included in the warrant agreements, the warrants did
not meet the exemptions for equity classification and as such, the Company accounts for these warrants as derivative instruments. The calculated fair value of the warrants is classified as a liability and is periodically re-measured with any changes
in value recognized in  Other income (expense)  in the Statements of Operations.    The remaining warrants from the May 2012
transaction expire in May 2018 and were revalued as of September 30, 2016 using the following assumptions: 1) volatility of 112.61%; 2) risk-free interest rate of 0.77%; and 3) a closing stock price of $0.87.  
 The remaining warrants from the August 2013 expire in November 2018 and were revalued as of September 30, 2016 using the following
assumptions: 1) volatility of 105.32%; 2) risk-free interest rate of 0.77%; and 3) a closing stock price of $0.87.    The initial valuation
of the September 2016 warrants were valued as of September 26, 2016 using the following assumptions: 1) volatility of 119.94%; 2) risk-free interest rate of 1.13%; and 3) a closing stock price of $0.59.  
 The September 2016 warrants expire in September 2021 and were revalued as of September 30, 2016 using the following assumptions: 1) volatility
of 120.43%; 2) risk-free interest rate of 1.14%; and 3) a closing stock price of $0.87.    The significant unobservable input used in the
fair value measurement of the Company s warrants is volatility. Significant increases (decreases) in the volatility in isolation would result in significantly higher (lower) liability fair value measurements.  
      16  

The following table sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of the Company s Level
3 financial liabilities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016:      
   The Company currently does not have derivative instruments to manage its exposure to currency fluctuations or
other business risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. All derivative financial instruments are recognized in the
balance sheet at fair value.      12. Product Warranty Provisions    
 The Company s standard policy is to warrant all  Niobe ,  Odyssey,  and  Vdrive  systems against defects in material or
workmanship for one year following installation. The Company s estimate of costs to service the warranty obligations is based on historical experience and current product performance trends. A regular review of warranty obligations is performed
to determine the adequacy of the reserve and adjustments are made to the estimated warranty liability as appropriate.    Accrued warranty,
which is included in other accrued liabilities, consists of the following:      
     13. Commitments and Contingencies    
 The Company at times becomes a party to claims in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that the ultimate resolution of pending
or threatened proceedings will not have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or liquidity of the Company.  
   14. Subsequent Events    
 None.  
      17  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto included in this report
on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods.   
  This report includes various forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control.
Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in  Item 1A. Risk Factors . Forward-looking statements discuss matters
that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, discussions regarding our operating strategy, sales and marketing strategy, regulatory strategy, industry, economic conditions, financial condition,
liquidity, capital resources, and results of operations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements preceded by, followed by, or that otherwise include the words  believe ,  expects ,  anticipates ,
 intends ,  estimates ,  projects ,  can ,  could ,  may ,  would , or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. They give our expectations regarding the future,
but are not guarantees. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law.   
  Overview     Stereotaxis designs,
manufactures, and markets the Epoch    Solution, an advanced cardiology instrument-control system for use in a hospital s interventional surgical suite, to enhance the treatment of
arrhythmias and coronary artery disease. The  Epoch  Solution is comprised of the Niobe    ES system, Odyssey    solution, and the
Vdrive    system. We believe that the  Epoch  Solution represents a revolutionary technology in the interventional surgical suite, or  interventional lab  and has the potential to
become the standard of care for a broad range of complex cardiology procedures. We also believe that our technology represents an important advance in the ongoing trend toward digital instrumentation in the interventional lab and provides
substantial, clinically-important improvements and cost efficiencies over manual interventional methods, which require years of physician training and often result in long and unpredictable procedure times and sub-optimal therapeutic outcomes.  
 The  Niobe  ES system is designed to enable physicians to complete more complex interventional procedures by providing image-guided
delivery of catheters and guidewires through the blood vessels and chambers of the heart to treatment sites. This is achieved using externally applied magnetic fields that govern the motion of the working tip of the catheter or guidewire, resulting
in improved navigation, efficient procedures, and reduced X-ray exposure.    Stereotaxis also has developed the  Odyssey  Solution,
which consolidates all lab information enabling doctors to focus on the patient for optimal procedure efficiency. The system also features a remote viewing and recording capability called  Odyssey Cinema , an innovative solution delivering
synchronized content for optimized workflow, advanced care, and improved productivity. This tool includes an archiving capability that allows clinicians to store and replay entire procedures or segments of procedures. This information can be
accessed from locations throughout the hospital s local area network and over the global  Odyssey  Network, providing physicians with a tool for clinical collaboration, remote consultation, and training. The  Odyssey  Solution may be
acquired, in conjunction with a  Niobe  ES system or on a stand-alone basis, for installation in interventional labs and other locations where clinicians often desire the benefits of the  Odyssey  Solution that we believe can improve
clinical workflows and related efficiencies.    Our  Vdrive  system provides navigation and stability for diagnostic and therapeutic
devices designed to improve interventional procedures. The  Vdrive  system complements the  Niobe  ES system s control of therapeutic catheters for fully remote procedures and enables single-operator workflow. It is sold as two
options, the  Vdrive  system and the  Vdrive Duo  system. In addition to the  Vdrive  system and the  Vdrive Duo  system, we also manufacture and market various disposable components ( V-Loop ,  V-Sono ,  V-CAS,
 and  V-CAS  Deflect) which can be manipulated by these systems.    We generate revenue from both the initial capital sale of the
 Niobe ,  Odyssey , and  Vdrive  systems as well as recurring revenue from the sale of our proprietary disposable devices, from ongoing license and service contracts, and from royalties paid to the Company by Biosense Webster for the
sale of co-developed catheters. We market our products to a broad base of hospitals in the United States and internationally. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has an installed base of 129  Niobe  ES systems.  
 The core components of Stereotaxis  systems have received regulatory clearance in the United States, European Union, Canada, China, Japan,
and elsewhere. We have received regulatory clearance, licensing and/or CE Mark approvals necessary for us to market the  Vdrive  and  Vdrive Duo    systems with the  V-CAS,
V-Loop    and  V-Sono    devices in the U.S., Canada and European Union. The  V-CAS  Deflect catheter advancement system has been CE Marked for sale in the European Union. We have received Food and Drug
Administration ( FDA ) clearance and the CE Mark necessary for us to market our suite of Pegasus  coronary peripheral guidewires in the United States and Europe.  
 Since our inception, we have generated significant losses. As of September 30, 2016, we have incurred cumulative net losses of approximately
$476.8 million. In 2016, the Company plans to continue developing the  Niobe    ES system with the goal of furthering clinical adoption and new system placements. We expect to incur additional losses in 2016 as we continue the
development and commercialization of our products, conduct our research and development activities, advance new products into clinical development from our existing research programs and fund additional sales and marketing initiatives. During the
remainder of 2016, we will continue to monitor operating expenses and make additional investments in certain targeted areas.  
      18  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and
related disclosures. We review our estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ from these estimates. We believe the following accounting policies are critical to the judgments and estimates we use in preparing our financial statements. For a complete listing of our critical accounting policies, please refer to our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      Revenue Recognition    
 The Company accounts for revenue using Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605-25,  Multiple-Element Arrangements  ( ASC
605-25 ).    ASC 605-25 permits management to estimate the selling price of undelivered components of a bundled sale for which it is
unable to establish vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) or third-party evidence ( TPE ). This requires management to record revenue for certain elements of a transaction even though it might not have delivered other
elements of the transaction, for which it was unable to meet the requirements for establishing VSOE or TPE. The Company believes that the guidance significantly improves the reporting of these types of transactions to more closely reflect the
underlying economic circumstances. This guidance also prohibits the use of the residual method for allocating revenue to the various elements of a transaction and requires that the revenue be allocated proportionally based on the relative estimated
selling prices.    Under our revenue recognition policy, a portion of revenue for  Niobe  systems,  Vdrive  systems and certain
 Odyssey  systems is recognized upon delivery, provided that title has passed, there are no uncertainties regarding acceptance, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection of the
related receivable is reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized for other types of  Odyssey  systems upon completion of installation, since there are no qualified third party installers. When installation is the responsibility of the customer,
revenue from system sales is recognized upon shipment since these arrangements do not include an installation element or right of return privileges. The Company does not recognize revenue in situations in which inventory remains at a Stereotaxis
warehouse or in situations in which title and risk of loss have not transferred to the customer. Amounts collected prior to satisfying the above revenue recognition criteria are reflected as deferred revenue. Revenue from services and license fees,
whether sold individually or as a separate unit of accounting in a multiple-deliverable arrangement, is deferred and amortized over the service or license fee period, which is typically one year. Revenue from services is derived primarily from the
sale of annual product maintenance plans. We recognize revenue from disposable device sales or accessories upon shipment and establish an appropriate reserve for returns. The return reserve, which is applicable only to disposable devices, is
estimated based on historical experience which is periodically reviewed and updated as necessary. In the past, changes in estimate have had only a de minimis effect on revenue recognized in the period. We believe that the estimate is not likely to
change significantly in the future.    Costs of systems revenue include direct product costs, installation labor and other costs, estimated
warranty costs, and initial training and product maintenance costs. These costs are recorded at the time of sale. Costs of disposable revenue include direct product costs and estimated warranty costs and are recorded at the time of sale. Cost of
revenue from services and license fees are recorded when incurred.     Results of Operations   
  Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  Revenue . Revenue decreased from $9.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $8.3 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of 10%. Revenue from the sale of systems decreased from $2.3 million to $2.0 million, a decrease of approximately 15%, primarily due to decreased  Niobe  system sales volumes. We recognized revenue
on one  Niobe  system and a total of $0.7 million for  Odyssey    and  Odyssey Cinema    systems during the 2016 period. System revenue for the prior period included two  Niobe  systems, a total $0.5
million for  Odyssey  and  Odyssey Cinema  systems, and $0.1 million for  Vdrive  systems. Revenue from sales of disposable interventional devices, service and accessories decreased to $6.4 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $7.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of approximately 9% primarily driven by decreased one-time service billings in the current year period.  
  Cost of Revenue.    Cost of revenue decreased to $2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.4
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a percentage of our total revenue, overall gross margin decreased to 73% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 74% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Cost of
revenue for systems sold decreased from $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Gross margin for systems decreased to 36% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from 44% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to a change in product mix. Cost of revenue for disposables, service, and accessories decreased to $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
from $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, due to lower expenses incurred under service contracts in the current year period. Gross margin for disposables, service, and accessories was 84% for the current quarter compared
to 83% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
      19  

Research and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses decreased from $1.5
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately 13%. This decrease was primarily due to lower headcount costs and timing of project based expenses.  
  Sales and Marketing Expenses . Sales and marketing expenses decreased from $3.7 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015 to $3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately 8%. This decrease was primarily due to lower headcount costs and consulting expenses.  
  General and Administrative Expenses.    General and administrative expenses include regulatory, clinical, finance, information
systems, legal, general management and routine training expenses. General and administrative expenses remained relatively unchanged at $2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $2.6 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016.     Other Income (Expense) . Other income (expense) represents the non-cash change in market value of certain
warrants classified as a derivative and recorded as a current liability under general accounting principles for determining whether an instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an entity s own stock.  
  Interest Expense . Interest expense has remained relatively consistent with the three months ended September 30, 2015 at $0.8 million.
    Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  Revenue . Revenue decreased from $28.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $24.9 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately 13%. Revenue from the sale of systems decreased from $8.2 million to $5.0 million, a decrease of approximately 40%, primarily due to decreased sales volumes across the  Niobe  and
 Vdrive  product lines. We recognized revenue on two  Niobe  systems, a total of $2.1 million on  Odyssey  and    Odyssey Cinema  systems, and a total of $0.1 million on  Vdrive    systems
during the 2016 period. System revenue for the prior year period included six  Niobe  systems, a total of $2.0 million on  Odyssey  and    Odyssey  family products, and $0.5 million for  Vdrive  systems.
Revenue from sales of disposable interventional devices, service, and accessories decreased to $19.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $20.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of
approximately 2% due to lower time and material billings in the current year.     Cost of Revenue.  Cost of revenue decreased from
$8.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $5.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately 31%. As a percentage of our total revenue, overall gross margin increased to 78% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 72% during the same nine month period of the prior year due to a shift in mix from system revenue to disposable, service, and accessory revenue. Cost of revenue for systems sold decreased from
$4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately 40%, primarily due to decreased system sales volumes across  Niobe  and
 Vdrive  product lines. Gross margin for systems remained relatively consistent with the nine months ended September 30, 2015 at approximately 45%. Cost of revenue for disposables, service, and accessories decreased to $2.8 million during
the 2016 period from $3.5 million during the 2015 period, resulting in an increase in gross margin to 86% from 83% between these periods driven by lower expenses incurred under service contracts in the current year period.  
  Research and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses decreased from $4.4 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 to $4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately 5%. This decrease was primarily driven by lower headcount costs, and timing of project based expenses.  
  Sales and Marketing Expenses . Sales and marketing expenses decreased from $12.0 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 to $11.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately 4%. This decrease was due to lower headcount costs, third party commissions, and consulting expenses in the current year period.  
  General and Administrative Expenses.  General and administrative expenses include regulatory, clinical, finance, information
systems, legal, general management, and training expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased from $8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $7.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a
decrease of approximately 2%. This decrease was primarily driven by lower headcount costs, changes in foreign currency, and sales tax expense, offset slightly by increased consulting and bad debt expenses.  
  Other Income (Expense) . Other income (expense) represents the change in market value of certain warrants classified as a derivative and
recorded as a current liability under general accounting principles for determining whether an instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an entity s own stock. The primary drivers of fluctuations in this balance are changes in the
Company s stock price from one period to the next.     Interest Expense . Interest expense remained relatively consistent with the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 at $2.5 million.      Liquidity and Capital Resources    
 Liquidity refers to the liquid financial assets available to fund our business operations and pay for near-term obligations. These liquid
financial assets consist of cash and cash equivalents. At September 30, 2016 we had $9.2 million of cash and equivalents. We had a working capital deficit of $21.7 million and working capital of $1.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. The increase in the working capital deficit is due principally to the accounting for the warrants as part of the September 2016 financing transaction, as well as net losses incurred for the first nine months of 2016.  
      20  

The following table summarizes our cash flow by operating, investing and financing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):      
    Net cash used in operating activities . We used approximately $6.4 million and $4.2 million of cash for
operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by changes in working capital.  
  Net cash used in investing activities . There were no purchases of equipment for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and we
used less than $0.1 million during the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 for the purchase of equipment.    Net cash provided by
financing activities . We generated approximately $10.1 million of cash for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.6 million generated for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash generated for
the period ended September 30, 2016 was driven by the proceeds from our September 29, 2016 preferred stock issuance net of issuance costs and the payoff of the Healthcare Royalty Partners debt. The cash generated for the period ended September 30,
2015 was driven by proceeds from stock issued through the Controlled Equity Offering.   We may be required to raise capital or pursue other
financing strategies to continue our operations. Until we can generate significant cash flow from our operations, we expect to continue to fund our operations with cash resources primarily generated from the proceeds of our past and future public
offerings, private sales of our equity securities, and loans collateralized by working capital and equipment. We continue to explore financing alternatives, which may include the sale of equity securities or non-core assets, strategic collaboration
agreements, debt financings or distribution rights. We cannot accurately predict the timing and amount of our utilization of capital, which will depend on a number of factors outside of our control.  
 Our existing cash, cash equivalents and borrowing facilities may not be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital equipment
requirements through the next 12 months, which would require us to obtain additional financing before that time. We cannot assure that additional financing will be available on a timely basis on terms acceptable to us or at all, or that such
financing will not be dilutive to our stockholders. If adequate funds are not available to us, we could be required to delay development or commercialization of new products, to license to third parties the rights to commercialize products or
technologies that we would otherwise seek to commercialize ourselves or to reduce the sales, marketing, customer support or other resources devoted to our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. In addition, we could be required to cease operations.     Capital Resources   
 As of September 30, 2016, our borrowing facilities were comprised of a revolving line of credit maintained with our primary lender, Silicon
Valley Bank.     Revolving Line of Credit   
 The Company has had a working capital line of credit with its primary lender, Silicon Valley Bank, since 2004. The revolving line of credit is
secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. The maximum available under the line is $10.0 million subject to the value of collateralized assets. The Company is required under the revolving line of credit to maintain its primary
operating account and the majority of its cash and investment balances in accounts with its primary lender. The facility was amended on March 27, 2015, extending the maturity date to March 31, 2018 and on May 10, 2016, the Company and the primary
lender agreed to modify certain financial covenants. The amended agreement requires the Company to maintain a liquidity ratio greater than 1.50:1.00, excluding certain short term advances from the calculation, and a minimum tangible net worth of not
less than (no worse than) negative $24.0 million for the quarters ended June 30, 2016, September 30, 2016, December 31, 2016, March 31, 2017, June 30, 2017, and September 30, 2017; and not less than (no worse than) negative $24.5 million for the
quarters ended December 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018.    As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no outstanding balance under the revolving
line of credit. Draws on the line of credit are made based on the borrowing capacity one week in arrears. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a borrowing capacity of $4.0 million based on the Company s collateralized assets. The
Company s total liquidity as of September 30, 2016, was $13.2 million which included cash and cash equivalents of $9.2 million.  
      21  

Healthcare Royalty Partners Debt   
 In November 2011, we entered into a loan agreement with Healthcare Royalty Partners. Under the agreement the Company borrowed from Healthcare
Royalty Partners $15 million. The Company was permitted to borrow up to an additional $5 million in the aggregate based on the achievement by the Company of certain milestones related to  Niobe  ES system sales in 2012. On August 8, 2012,
the Company borrowed an additional $2.5 million based upon achievement of a milestone related to  Niobe  ES system sales for the nine months ended June 30, 2012. On January 31, 2013, the Company borrowed an additional $2.5 million
based upon achievement of a milestone related to  Niobe  ES system sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2012. The loan was to be repaid through, and secured by, royalties payable to the Company under its Development, Alliance and
Supply Agreement with Biosense Webster, Inc. (the  Biosense Agreement ). The Biosense Agreement relates to the development and distribution of magnetically enabled catheters used with Stereotaxis   Niobe  ES system in cardiac
ablation procedures. Under the terms of the agreement, Healthcare Royalty Partners was entitled to receive 100% of all royalties due to the Company under the Biosense Agreement until the loan was repaid. The loan was a full recourse loan, scheduled
to mature on December 31, 2018, and included interest at an annual rate of 16% payable quarterly with royalties received under the Biosense Agreement. If the payments received by the Company under the Biosense Agreement were insufficient to pay
all amounts of interest due on the loan, then such deficiency would have increased the outstanding principal amount on the loan. The loan was also secured by certain assets and intellectual property of the Company. The agreement also contained
customary affirmative and negative covenants. The use of payments due to the Company under the Biosense Agreement was approved by our primary lender.  
 In September 2016, the Company extinguished the remainder of the debt of $18.1 million, net of deferred financing costs of approximately $0.3
million, as well as accrued interest of $0.5 million for $13.0 million based upon an agreement entered into with Healthcare Royalty Partners. After the loan obligation was repaid, royalties under the Biosense Agreement will again be paid to the
Company. As a result of the debt extinguishment, the company recognized a net gain of $5.6 million.     Common Stock   
 The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held and to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available and when
declared by the Board of Directors subject to the rights of holders of all classes of stock having priority rights as dividends and the conditions of the revolving line of credit agreement. No dividends have been declared or paid as of September 30,
2016.      Preferred Stock and Warrants    
 On September 26, 2016, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and other accredited investors
whereby it agreed to sell, for an aggregate purchase price of $24.0 million, (i) an aggregate of 24,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 with a stated value of $1,000 per share which are convertible into shares
of the Company s common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 36,923,078 shares of common stock. The transaction closed on September 29, 2016.  
 The Company received net proceeds from the sale of the preferred stock and warrants of $23.2 million, after offering expenses. The Company used
$13.0 million of the funds to satisfy in full all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement with Healthcare Royalty Partners, as noted above, and anticipates using the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes.  
 The designations, preferences, powers and rights of the preferred shares are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ( Certificate of Designations ) filed with the Delaware Secretary of State. The preferred shares are entitled to vote on an as-converted basis with the common stock, subject to specified
beneficial ownership issuance limitations. The preferred shares bear dividends at a rate of six percent (6%) per annum, which are cumulative and accrue daily from the date of issuance on the $1,000 stated value. Such dividends will not be paid
in cash except in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or any redemption of the preferred shares. Instead the value of the accrued dividends is added to the liquidation preference of the preferred shares and will
increase the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion. Each preferred share is convertible at the option of the holder from and after the date of issuance with no expiration date, at an initial conversion price of $0.65 per share,
subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, dividends, mergers, sales of all or substantially all of our assets or similar transactions, subject to specified beneficial ownership issuance limitations. Each holder of preferred shares has the
right to require us to redeem such holder s preferred shares upon the occurrence of specified events, which include certain business combinations, the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or the sale of more than 50% of
the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, the Company has the right to redeem the preferred shares in the event of a change of control as defined in the Certificate of Designations.  
 The preferred shares rank senior to our common stock as to distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the
Company. No such distributions or payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company may be made to the holders of common stock unless and until the holders of preferred shares have received the stated value of $1,000 per
share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. Until all preferred shares have been converted or redeemed, no dividends may be paid on the common stock without the express written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding preferred
shares. In the event that dividends or other distributions of assets are made or paid by the Company to the holders of the common stock, the holders of preferred shares are entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution on an
as-converted basis.    On the date of the issuance, the fair value of the common stock was greater than the allocated proceeds received for
the Series A convertible preferred stock. As such, the Company accounted for the beneficial conversion feature under ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion  
      22  

and Other Options. The Company recorded a deemed dividend charge of $6.1 million for the accretion of a discount on the Series A convertible preferred stock. The deemed dividend was a non-cash
transaction and is reflected below net loss to arrive at net loss available to common stockholders. Since the convertible preferred shares are subject to conditions for redemption that are outside the Company s control, the preferred shares are
presently reported in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet.    The warrants issued in conjunction with the preferred stock have an
exercise price equal to $0.70 per share subject to adjustments as provided under the terms of the warrants. The warrants are exercisable through September 29, 2021, subject to specified beneficial ownership issuance limitations. The warrants may be
exercised by any holder on a cashless basis if, at any time after the date that is 180 days after the closing, the registration statement required by the Registration Rights Agreement described below is not effective and available for resale of all
of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such holder s warrants. Due to the fact that the warrants are puttable upon the occurrence of certain events outside of the Company s control, the warrants qualify as liabilities
under ASC 480-10. The calculated fair value of the warrants is classified as a liability and is periodically re-measured with any changes in value recognized in  Other income (expense)  in the Statements of Operations.  
   Controlled Equity Offering    
 The Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM  sales agreement (the  Sales
Agreement ) in May 2014, as amended on March 26, 2015, with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. ( Cantor ), as agent and/or principal, pursuant to which the Company could issue and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock having an
aggregate gross sales price of up to $18.0 million. The Company will pay Cantor a commission of 3.0% of the gross proceeds from any common stock sold through the Sales Agreement.  
 There were no proceeds from the Controlled Equity Offering during the three months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016,
$13.8 million of common stock remained available to be sold under this facility, subject to certain conditions as specified in the Sales Agreement. Due to the Company s transfer to the
OTCQX    Best Market on August 4, 2016, the Company s ability to generate proceeds from the sale of stock under the Controlled Equity Offering in the future may be limited or prohibited.
     Offerings of Common Stock    
 On October 8, 2015 the Company announced the results of its previously announced offering of transferable subscription warrants (the
 Warrants Offering) to holders of record of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the Warrants Offering, subscription warrants to purchase 267,256 shares of common stock were exercised, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of
$293,982.      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
 We do not currently have, nor have we ever had, any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities
often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in
trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. As a result, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could have arisen if we had engaged in these relationships.  

ITEM 3.  
  [RESERVED]       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Disclosure Controls and Procedures:  The Company s
management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
  Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:  The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, also conducted an evaluation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, there has been no such change during the period covered by this report.  
      23  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       We are involved from time to time in various lawsuits and claims
arising in the normal course of business. Although the outcomes of these lawsuits and claims are uncertain, we do not believe any of them will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       Nasdaq delisted our common stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market and our
common stock began trading on the OTCQX    Best Market in August 2016. Trading of our shares on the over-the-counter markets could negatively impact the liquidity of our common stock and
our ability to access the capital markets and, in turn, could impair the value of your investment.    Additional Risk Factors are discussed
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS       None.  

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  [RESERVED]       None.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       On November 9, 2016 the Nasdaq Stock Market announced that it will
complete the delisting of the common stock of Stereotaxis, Inc. by filing a Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The delisting becomes effective ten days after the Form 25 is filed. Stereotaxis, Inc. s stock was suspended
on August 4, 2016 and has not traded on Nasdaq since that time. The Company s shares of common stock commenced trading on the OTCQX    Best Market on August 4, 2016 under the
Company s current ticker symbol of  STXS .      

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS       Exhibits: See Exhibit Index herein  
      24  

STEREOTAXIS, INC.   
  SIGNATURES     Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

STEREOTAXIS, INC. 
 (Registrant)   

Date: November 10, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ William C. Mills III   

William C. Mills III, Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 10, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Martin C. Stammer   

Martin C. Stammer, Chief Financial Officer   
 
      25  

EXHIBIT INDEX   

26  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d288525dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer    I, William C.
Mills III, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Stereotaxis, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ William C. Mills III   

William C. Mills III  

Chief Executive Officer  

Stereotaxis, Inc.  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d288525dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer    I, Martin C.
Stammer, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Stereotaxis, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Martin C. Stammer   

Martin C. Stammer  

Chief Financial Officer  

Stereotaxis, Inc.  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d288525dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report of Stereotaxis, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, William C. Mills III, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title
18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.      

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ William C. Mills III   

William C. Mills III  

Chief Executive Officer  

Stereotaxis, Inc.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d288525dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report of Stereotaxis, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Martin C. Stammer, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.      

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Martin C. Stammer   

Martin C. Stammer  

Chief Financial Officer  

Stereotaxis, Inc.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 stxs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 stxs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 stxs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 stxs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 stxs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 stxs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

