<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161209_10-Q_edgar_data_1011290_0001104659-16-161530_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12187995</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>191563</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>468445</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2989398</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5214426</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2853514</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-16-161530.hdr.sgml : 20161209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161209163631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-16-161530
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161028
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001011290
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		IRS NUMBER:				952411605
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0330

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11735
		FILM NUMBER:		162044459

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4000 EAST UNION PACIFIC AVENUE
		CITY:			CITY OF COMMERCE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90023
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3239808145

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4000 EAST UNION PACIFIC AVENUE
		CITY:			CITY OF COMMERCE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90023

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	99 CENTS ONLY STORES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960327

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-16-161530.txt : 20161209

10-Q
 1
 a16-18879_110q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   
     
   (Mark One)   
     
   x      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
   For the quarterly period ended October 28, 2016   
     
   OR   
     
   o      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
   Commission file number 1-11735   
     
   99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

California      (State or Other Jurisdiction    of Incorporation or Organization)      

95-2411605      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)          

4000   Union Pacific Avenue,        City of Commerce, California     (Address of Principal Executive Offices)      

90023      (Zip Code)             

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code:  (323) 980-8145   

(Former name, address and fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    o    No   x  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes      x     No   o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large   accelerated filer   o       

Accelerated filer   o       

Non-accelerated filer   x       

Smaller reporting company   o              
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    o  No   x  
     
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.  
     
  As of December 7, 2016, there were 100 units outstanding of the registrant s common units, none of which are publicly traded.  

Table of Contents   
     
   99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC   
   Form 10-Q   
   Table of Co  ntents   

Page            

Part I -   Financial Information         

Item   1.        
 
   Financial   Statements        
 
  4           

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 28,   2016 (unaudited) and January 29, 2016        
 
  4           

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   for the third quarter and first three quarters ended October 28, 2016   (unaudited) and October 30, 2015 (unaudited)        
 
  5           

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the first   three quarters ended October 28, 2016 (unaudited) and October 30,   2015 (unaudited)        
 
  6           

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements        
 
  7           

Item   2.        
 
   Management s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        
 
  36           

Item   3.        
 
   Quantitative   and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        
 
  46           

Item   4.        
 
   Controls   and Procedures        
 
  47           

Part II   Other   Information         

Item   1.        
 
   Legal   Proceedings        
 
  48           

Item   1A.        
 
   Risk   Factors        
 
  48           

Item   2.        
 
   Unregistered   Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        
 
  48           

Item   3.        
 
   Defaults   Upon Senior Securities        
 
  48           

Item   4.        
 
   Mine   Safety Disclosures        
 
  48           

Item   5.        
 
   Other   Information        
 
  48           

Item   6.        
 
   Exhibits        
 
  49           

Signatures        
 
  50              
     
 2   

Table of Contents   
     
   FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION   
     
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Report ) contains statements that constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  The words  expect,   estimate,   anticipate,   predict,   will,   project,   plan,   believe  and other similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  Such statements appear in a number of places in this Report and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of 99 Cents Only Stores LLC and its directors or officers with respect to, among other things, (a) trends affecting the financial condition or results of operations of the Company, and (b) the business and growth strategies of the Company (including the Company s store opening growth rate) and (c) our investments in our existing stores, warehouse and distribution facilities and information systems, that are not historical in nature.  The term the  Company  refers to 99  Only Stores and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the conversion to a California limited liability company effective October 18, 2013 and to 99 Cents Only Stores LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries on or after such conversion.  Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking statements are and will be based on the Company s then-current expectations, estimates and assumptions regarding future events and are applicable only as of the date of such statements.  The Company may not realize its expectations and its estimates and assumptions may not prove correct.  In addition, such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in this Report, for the reasons, among others, discussed in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Risk Factors  sections.  The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof.  Readers should carefully review the risk factors described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K containing the Company s most recent audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
     
 3   

Table of Contents   
     
   PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION     
     
   Item 1. Financial Statements     
     
   99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     
   (In thousands, except share data)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
     
 4   

Table of Contents   
     
   99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)     
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
     
 5   

Table of Contents   
     
   99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
     
 6   

Table of Contents   
     
   99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC   
   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     
     
   1.                                           Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
     
   Nature of Business   
     
  The Company is organized under the laws of the State of California.  Effective October 18, 2013, 99  Only Stores converted from a California corporation to a California limited liability company, 99 Cents Only Stores LLC, that is managed by its sole member, Number Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Parent ).  The term  Company  refers to 99  Only Stores and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Conversion (as described in Note 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016) and to 99 Cents Only Stores LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries at the time of or after the Conversion.  The Company is an extreme value retailer of consumable and general merchandise and seasonal products. As of October 28, 2016, the Company operated 394 retail stores with 287 in California, 48 in Texas, 38 in Arizona, and 21 in Nevada.  The Company is also a wholesale distributor of various products.  
     
   Merger   
     
   On January 13, 2012, the Company was acquired through a merger (the  Merger ) with a subsidiary of Parent with the Company surviving.  In connection with the Merger, the Company became a subsidiary of Parent, which is controlled by affiliates of Ares Management, L.P. ( Ares ) and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board  ( CPPIB ).  As a result of the Merger, the Company s common stock was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange and the Company ceased to be a publicly held and traded equity company.  
     
   Basis of Presentation   
     
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ).  However, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in conformity with GAAP have been omitted or condensed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  These statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016.  In the opinion of the Company s management, these interim unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair statement of the consolidated financial position and results of operations for each of the periods presented.  The results of operations and cash flows for such periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full fiscal year ending January 27, 2017 ( fiscal 2017 ).  
     
   Fiscal Year   
     
   The Company follows a fiscal calendar consisting of four quarters with 91 days, each ending on the Friday closest to the  last day of April, July, October or January, as applicable , and a 52-week fiscal year with 364 days, with a 53-week year every five to six years.  Unless otherwise stated, references to years in this Report relate to fiscal years rather than calendar years.  The Company s fiscal 2017 began on January 30, 2016, will end on January 27, 2017 and will consist of 52 weeks.  The Company s fiscal year 2016 ( fiscal 2016 ) began on January 31, 2015, ended on January 29, 2016 and consisted of 52 weeks.  The third quarter ended October 28, 2016 (the  third quarter of fiscal 2017 ) and the third quarter ended October 30, 2015 (the  third quarter of fiscal 2016 ) were each comprised of 91 days.  The nine-month period ended October 28, 2016 (the  first three quarters of fiscal 2017 ) and the nine-month period ended October 30, 2015 (the  first three quarters of fiscal 2016 ) were each comprised of 273 days. 
     
   Use of Estimates   
     
  The preparation of the unaudited consolidated financial statements, in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
     
   Reclassification   
     
  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. Specifically, the Company adopted Accounting Standard Update ( ASU )  No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, which requires the Company to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts. The adoption of this accounting standard resulted in the reclassification of $11.5 million of debt issuance costs (net of accumulated amortization) from deferred  
     
 7   

Table of Contents   
     
  financing costs, net to long-term debt, net of current portion on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at January 29, 2016.  The Company also early adopted ASU No. 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, which requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as long-term on the balance sheet.  The adoption of this accounting standard resulted in the reclassification of $16.6 million of deferred income tax from current assets to long-term deferred income taxes liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at January 29, 2016.  
     
   Cash   
     
   For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash includes cash on hand, cash at the stores and cash in financial institutions.   The majority of payments due from financial institutions for the settlement of debit card and credit card transactions are processed within three business days and therefore are also classified as cash.   Cash balances held at financial institutions are generally in excess of federally insured limits.  These accounts are only insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000.  The Company historically has not experienced any losses in such accounts.  The Company places its temporary cash investments with what it believes to be high credit, quality financial institutions.  Under the Company s cash management system, checks issued but not presented to the bank may result in book cash overdraft balances for accounting purposes.  The Company reclassifies book overdrafts to accounts payable, which are reflected as an operating activity in its unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows.  Book overdrafts included in accounts payable were $3.2 million and $7.9 million as of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016, respectively. 
     
   Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   
     
  In connection with its wholesale business, the Company evaluates the collectability of accounts receivable based on a combination of factors.  In cases where the Company is aware of circumstances that may impair a specific customer s or tenant s ability to meet its financial obligations subsequent to the original sale, the Company will record an allowance against amounts due and thereby reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount the Company reasonably believes will be collected.  For all other customers and tenants, the Company recognizes allowances for doubtful accounts based on the length of time the receivables are past due, industry and geographic concentrations, the current business environment and the Company s historical experiences.  
     
   Inventories   
     
  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Inventory costs are established using a methodology that approximates first in, first out, which for store inventories is based on a retail inventory method.  Valuation allowances for shrinkage as well as excess and obsolete inventory are also recorded.  The Company includes spoilage, scrap and shrink in its definition of shrinkage.  Shrinkage is estimated as a percentage of sales for the period from the last physical inventory date to the end of the applicable period.  Such estimates are based on experience and the most recent physical inventory results.  Physical inventory counts are completed at each of the Company s retail stores at least once a year by an outside inventory service company.  The Company performs inventory cycle counts at its warehouses throughout the year.  The Company also performs inventory reviews and analysis on a quarterly basis for both warehouse and store inventory to determine inventory valuation allowances for excess and obsolete inventory.  The valuation allowances for excess and obsolete inventory are based on the age of the inventory, sales trends and future merchandising plans.  The valuation allowances for excess and obsolete inventory require management judgment and estimates that may impact the ending inventory valuation and valuation allowances that may have a material effect on the reported gross margin for the period. These estimates are subject to change based on management s evaluation of, and response to, a variety of factors and trends, including, but not limited to, consumer preferences and buying patterns, age of inventory, increased competition, inventory management, merchandising strategies and historical sell through trends.  The Company s ability to adequately evaluate the impact of inventory management and merchandising strategies executed in response to such factors and trends in future periods could have a material impact on such estimates.  
     
   In order to obtain inventory at attractive prices, t he Company takes advantage of large volume purchases, closeouts and other similar purchase opportunities.  Consequently, the Company s inventory fluctuates from period to period and the inventory balances vary based on the timing and availability of such opportunities.  
     
 8   

Table of Contents   
     
   Property and Equipment   
     
  Property and equipment are carried at cost and are depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the following useful lives:  

Owned buildings and   improvements       
 
  Lesser of 30 years or   the estimated useful life of the improvement           

Leasehold improvements       
 
  Lesser of the estimated   useful life of the improvement or remaining lease term           

Fixtures and equipment       
 
  3-5 years           

Transportation   equipment       
 
  3-5 years           

Information technology   systems       
 
  For major corporate   systems, estimated useful life up to 7 years; for functional standalone   systems, estimated useful life up to 5 years              
     
  The Company s policy is to capitalize expenditures that materially increase asset lives and expense ordinary repairs and maintenance as incurred.  
     
   Long-Lived Assets   
     
  The Company assesses the impairment of depreciable long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.  The Company groups and evaluates long-lived assets for impairment at the individual store level, which is the lowest level at which individual identifiable cash flows are available.  Recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to expected future net cash flows generated by the asset.  If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, the carrying amount is compared to its fair value and an impairment charge is recognized to the extent of the difference.  Factors that the Company considers important that could individually or in combination trigger an impairment review include the following: (1) significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (2) significant changes in the manner of the Company s use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the Company s overall business; and (3) significant changes in the Company s business strategies and/or negative industry or economic trends.  On a quarterly basis, the Company assesses whether events or changes in circumstances occur that potentially indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable (Level 3 measurement, see Note 7,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments ).  Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate projected future operating cash flows.  Accordingly, if actual results fall short of such estimates, significant future impairments could result.  
     
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company decided to close five retail stores in California by the end of fiscal 2017 upon the expiration of their respective lease terms.   As a result of this decision, the Company recognized an impairment charge of approximately $0.1 million related to the closure of three of these stores and recorded an impairment charge of $0.1 million related to fixtures that will be disposed of and for which the Company concluded the fair value was zero.   During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company also reduced the carrying value of a held for sale property to the estimated net realizable value, net of expected disposal costs, and accordingly recorded an asset impairment charge of $0.2 million.  During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, due to the underperformance of one store in Texas, the Company concluded that the carrying value of its long-lived assets was not recoverable and accordingly recorded an asset impairment charge of $0.5 million. 
     
   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   
     
  In connection with the Merger purchase price allocation, the fair values of long-lived and intangible assets were determined based upon assumptions related to the future cash flows, discount rates and asset lives using then available information, and in some cases were obtained from independent professional valuation experts.  The Company amortizes intangible assets over their estimated useful lives unless such lives are deemed indefinite.  
     
  Amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable based on undiscounted cash flows, and, if impaired, written down to fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values.  Significant judgment is required in determining whether a potential indicator of impairment of long-lived assets exists and in estimating future cash flows used in the impairment tests (Level 3 measurement, see Note 7,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments ).  
     
  Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but instead tested annually for impairment or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the reporting unit to the fair value of the reporting unit to which the goodwill is assigned.  The Company has the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit (i.e., step zero of the goodwill impairment test). If the Company does not perform a qualitative assessment, or determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, the two-step impairment test would be required. The first step is to compare the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is considered not impaired; otherwise, goodwill is impaired and  
     
 9   

Table of Contents   
     
  the loss is measured by performing step two. Under step two, the impairment loss is measured by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. Management has determined that the Company has two reporting units, the retail reporting unit and the wholesale reporting unit.  
     
  The Company, assisted by an independent third party valuation firm, performs the annual test for impairment in January of the fiscal year and determines fair value based on a combination of the income approach and the market approach. The income approach is based on discounted cash flows to determine fair value. The market approach uses a selection of comparable companies and transactions in determining fair value. The fair value of the trade name is also tested for impairment in the fourth quarter by comparing the carrying value to the fair value. Fair value of a trade name is determined using a relief from royalty method under the income approach, which uses projected revenue allocable to the trade name and an assumed royalty rate (Level 3 measurement, see Note 7,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments ).  These approaches involve making key assumptions about future cash flows, discount rates and asset lives using then best available information.  These assumptions are subject to a high degree of complexity and judgment and are subject to change. 
     
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company determined that indicators of impairment existed to require an interim impairment analysis of goodwill and trade name, including (i) overall performance deterioration reflected in decreased comparable same-store sales and cannibalization from stores opened in fiscal 2015 under an accelerated expansion program, (ii) increases in inventory shrinkage and buildup of excess inventory, (iii) decreased margin due to disappointing results from sales promotions and (iv) a decision to delay the pace of future store openings.  The first step evaluation concluded that the fair value of the retail reporting unit was below its carrying value.  The Company performed step two of the goodwill impairment test that requires the retail reporting unit s fair value to be allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including any intangible assets, in a hypothetical analysis that calculates the implied fair value of goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination, including consideration of the fair value of tangible property and intangible assets.  As a result of this preliminary analysis and based on best estimate, the Company recorded a $120.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, which was reflected as goodwill impairment in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).  The finalization of the preliminary goodwill impairment test was completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and resulted in a $28.0 million adjustment in goodwill, lowering the estimated third quarter of fiscal 2016 goodwill impairment charge from $120.0 million to $92.0 million.  
     
  The remaining amount of goodwill allocated to the retail reporting unit and wholesale reporting unit was $375.2 million and $12.5 million, respectively, as of January 29, 2016.  
     
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company completed step one of its annual goodwill impairment test for the two reporting units and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill since the fair value of the Company s reporting units exceeded their carrying amounts.  As discussed above,  considerable management judgment is necessary in estimating future cash flows, market interest rates, discount rates and other factors affecting the valuation of goodwill.  The Company s forecasts used in its fiscal 2016 annual impairment test include growth in net sales, new store openings and same-store sales, positive trends in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expense.  In each case, these estimates and assumptions could be materially affected by factors such as unforeseen events or changes in general economic conditions, a decline in comparable company market multiples, changes to discount rates, increased competitive forces, inability to maintain pricing structure, deterioration of vendor relationships, failure to adequately manage and improve inventory processes and procedures and changes in customer behavior which could result in changes to management s strategies.  If operating results continue to change versus the Company s expectations, additional impairment charges may be recorded in the future. 
     
  Additionally, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company completed its annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test and determined there was no impairment to the trade name since the fair value of the trade name exceeded its carrying amount.  The results of this test showed that the fair value of trade name exceeded carrying value by approximately 12%.  The relief from royalty method estimates our theoretical royalty savings from ownership of the intangible asset.  Key assumptions used in this model included sales projections, discount rates and royalty rates, and considerable management judgment is necessary in developing and evaluating such assumptions.  If future results are not consistent with current estimates and assumptions, impairment charges maybe recorded in future.  
     
  During the first three quarters of fiscal 2017, the Company did not record any  impairment charges related to goodwill or other intangible assets. 
     
   Derivatives   
     
  The Company accounts for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance for derivative instrument and hedging activities.  Financial instrument positions taken by the Company are primarily intended to be used to manage risks associated with interest rate exposures.  
     
 10   

Table of Contents   
     
  The Company s derivative financial instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, and are recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity.  Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income ( OCI ), based on whether the instrument is designated and effective as a hedge transaction and, if so, the type of hedge transaction.  Gains or losses on derivative instruments reported in accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ) are reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings.  Any ineffectiveness is recognized in earnings in the period incurred.  
     
   Income Taxes   
     
  The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  The Company s ability to realize deferred tax assets is assessed throughout the year and a valuation allowance is established accordingly.  The Company recognizes the impact of a tax position only if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position.  The Company recognizes potential interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.  Refer to Note 10,  Income Taxes,  for further discussion of income taxes.  
     
   Stock-Based Compensation   
     
  The Company accounts for stock-based payment awards based on their fair value.  The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense ratably over the requisite service periods.  For awards classified as equity, the Company estimates the fair value for each option award as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model or other appropriate valuation models.  The Black-Scholes model considers, among other factors, the expected life of the award and the expected volatility of the stock price.  Stock options are generally granted to employees at exercise prices equal to or greater than the fair market value of the stock at the dates of grant.  The fair value of options that vest based on the Company s and Parent s achievement of certain performance hurdles were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation method. The fair value of options granted to the current Chief Executive Officer were valued using a binomial model and the Monte Carlo simulation method.   Refer to Note 8,  Stock-Based Compensation  for further discussion of the Company s stock-based compensation.  
     
   Revenue Recognition   
     
  The Company recognizes retail sales in its retail stores at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise.  All sales are net of discounts and returns and exclude sales tax.  Wholesale sales are recognized in accordance with the shipping terms agreed upon on the purchase order. Wholesale sales are typically recognized free on board origin, where title and risk of loss pass to the buyer when the merchandise leaves the Company s distribution facility.  
     
  The Company has a gift card program.  The Company does not charge administrative fees on gift cards and the Company s gift cards do not have expiration dates.  The Company records the sale of gift cards as a current liability and recognizes a sale when a customer redeems a gift card.  The liability for outstanding gift cards is recorded in accrued expenses.  
     
   Cost of Sales   
     
  Cost of sales includes the cost of inventory, freight in, obsolescence, spoilage, scrap and inventory shrink, and is net of discounts and allowances.  Cost of sales also includes receiving, warehouse costs and distribution costs (which include payroll and associated costs, occupancy, transportation to and from stores and depreciation expense).  Cash discounts for satisfying early payment terms are recognized when payment is made, and allowances and rebates based upon milestone achievements such as reaching a certain volume of purchases of a vendor s products are included as a reduction of cost of sales when such contractual milestones are reached or based on other systematic and rational approaches where possible.  
     
   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   
     
  Selling, general and administrative expenses include the costs of selling merchandise in stores (which include payroll and associated costs, occupancy and other store-level costs) and corporate costs (which include payroll and associated costs, occupancy, advertising, professional fees and other corporate administrative costs).  Selling, general and administrative expenses also include depreciation and amortization expense relating to these costs.  
     
   Leases   
     
  The Company follows the policy of capitalizing allowable expenditures that relate to the acquisition and signing of its retail store leases.  These costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term.  
     
 11   

Table of Contents   
     
  The Company recognizes rent expense for operating leases on a straight-line basis (including the effect of reduced or free rent and rent escalations) over the applicable lease term.  The difference between the cash paid to the landlord and the amount recognized as rent expense on a straight-line basis is included in deferred rent.  Cash reimbursements received from landlords for leasehold improvements and other cash payments received from landlords as lease incentives are recorded as deferred rent.  Deferred rent related to landlord incentives is amortized as an offset to rent expense using the straight-line method over the applicable lease term.  
     
  In certain lease arrangements, the Company can be involved with the construction of the building. If it is determined that the Company has substantially all of the risks of ownership during construction of the leased property and therefore is deemed to be the owner of the construction project, the Company records an asset for the amount of the total project costs and an amount related to the value attributed to the pre-existing leased building in property and equipment, net and the related financing obligation as part of current and non-current liabilities.  Once construction is complete, if it is determined that the asset does not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting treatment, the Company amortizes the obligation over the lease term and depreciates the asset over the life of the lease. The Company does not report rent expense for the portion of the rent payment determined to be related to the assets which are owned for accounting purposes. Rather, this portion of the rent payment under the lease is recognized as a reduction of the financing obligation and interest expense.  
     
  For store closures where a lease obligation still exists, the Company records the estimated future liability associated with the rental obligation on the cease use date (when the store is closed).  Liabilities are established at the cease use date for the present value of any remaining operating lease obligations, net of estimated sublease income, and at the communication date for severance and other exit costs.  Key assumptions in calculating the liability include the timeframe expected to terminate lease agreements, estimates related to the sublease potential of closed locations, and estimates of other related exit costs.  If actual timing and potential termination costs or realization of sublease income differ from the Company s estimates, the resulting liabilities could vary from recorded amounts. These liabilities are reviewed periodically and adjusted when necessary.  
     
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company sold and concurrently leased back two stores with an aggregate carrying value of $7.6 million and received net proceeds from these transactions of $10.5 million.  The Company was deemed to have  continuing involvement,  which precluded the de-recognition of the assets from the consolidated balance sheet when the transactions closed.  The resulting leases are accounted for as financing leases and the Company has recorded a corresponding financing lease obligation of $10.5 million (as a component of current and non-current liabilities).  The Company will amortize the financing lease obligation over the lease term and depreciate the assets over their remaining useful lives.  
     
   Self-Insured Workers  Compensation Liability   
     
  The Company self-insures for workers  compensation claims in California and Texas.  The Company establishes a liability for losses from both estimated known and incurred but not reported insurance claims based on reported claims and actuarial valuations of estimated future costs of known and incurred but not yet reported claims.  Should an amount of claims greater than anticipated occur, the liability recorded may not be sufficient and additional workers  compensation costs, which may be significant, could be incurred.  The Company has not discounted the projected future cash outlays for the time value of money for claims and claim-related costs when establishing its workers  compensation liability in its financial reports for each of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016.  
     
   Self-Insured Health Insurance Liability   
     
  The Company self-insures for a portion of its employee medical benefit claims.  The liability for the self-funded portion of the Company health insurance program is determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported.  The Company maintains stop loss insurance coverage to limit its exposure for the self-funded portion of its health insurance program.  
     
   Pre-Opening Costs   
     
  The Company expenses, as incurred, pre-opening costs such as payroll, rent and marketing related to the opening of new retail stores.  
     
   Advertising   
     
  The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.  
     
 12   

Table of Contents   
     
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
     
  The Company s financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts receivable, interest rate and other derivatives, accounts payable, accruals, debt, and other liabilities.  Cash and derivatives are measured and recorded at fair value.  Accounts receivable and other receivables are financial assets with carrying values that approximate fair value.  Accounts payable and other accrued expenses are financial liabilities with carrying values that approximate fair value.   Refer to Note 7,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  for further discussion of the fair value of debt. 
     
  The Company  uses the authoritative guidance for fair value, which includes the definition of fair value, the framework for measuring fair value, and disclosures about fair value measurements.  Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.  Fair value measurements reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on the best information available.  Assumptions include the risks inherent in a particular valuation technique (such as a pricing model) and/or the risks inherent in the inputs to the model. 
     
   Comprehensive Income   
     
  OCI includes unrealized gains or losses on interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedges.  
     
   2.                                           Goodwill and Other Intangibles  
     
  The following tables set forth the value of the goodwill and other intangible assets and liabilities, and unfavorable leases, respectively (in thousands):  

13   

Table of Contents   
     
   3.                                           Property and Equipment, net  
     
  The following table provides details of property and equipment (in thousands):  

4.                                           Comprehensive Loss  
     
  The following table sets forth the calculation of comprehensive loss, net of tax effects (in thousands):  

Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of January 29, 2016 consisted of unrealized losses on interest rate cash flow hedges.  Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss in each of the third quarter and first three quarters of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 are presented in Note 6,  Derivative Financial Instruments.   
     
   5.                                           Debt  
     
  Short and long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):  

14   

Table of Contents   
     
  As of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016, the net deferred financing costs are as follows (in thousands):  

On January 13, 2012 (the  Original Closing Date ), in connection with the Merger, the Company obtained Credit Facilities (as defined below) provided by a syndicate of lenders arranged by Royal Bank of Canada as administrative agent, as well as other agents and lenders that are parties to the agreements governing these Credit Facilities.  The Credit Facilities include (a) a  first lien asset based revolving credit facility (as amended, the  ABL Facility ), and (b) a first lien term loan facility (as amended, the  First Lien Term Loan Facility  and together with the ABL Facility, the  Credit Facilities ). 
     
   First Lien Term Loan Facility   
     
  Under the First Lien Term Loan Facility, (i) $525.0 million of term loans were incurred on the Original Closing Date and (ii) $100.0 million of additional term loans were incurred pursuant to an incremental facility effected through an amendment entered into on October 8, 2013 (the  Second Amendment ) (all such term loans, collectively, the  Term Loans ).  The First Lien Term Loan Facility has a maturity date of January 13, 2019.  All obligations under the First Lien Term Loan Facility are guaranteed by Parent and the Company s direct or indirect 100% owned domestic subsidiaries (with customary exceptions, including immaterial subsidiaries) (collectively, the  Credit Facilities Guarantors ).  In addition, the First Lien Term Loan Facility is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets and the assets of the Credit Facilities Guarantors, including a first priority pledge of all of the Company s equity interests and the equity interests of the Credit Facilities Guarantors and a first priority security interest in certain other fixed assets, and a second priority security interest in certain current assets.  
     
  The Company is required to make scheduled quarterly payments each equal to 0.25% of the principal amount of the Term Loans, with the balance due on the maturity date.  Borrowings under the First Lien Term Loan Facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at the Company s option, either (i) a base rate (the  Base Rate ) determined by reference to the highest of (a) the interest rate in effect determined by the administrative agent as the  Prime Rate  (3.50% as of October 28, 2016), (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (c) an adjusted Eurocurrency rate for one month (determined by reference to the greater of the Eurocurrency rate for the interest period subject to certain adjustments) plus 1.00%, or (ii) a Eurocurrency rate determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), adjusted for statutory reserve requirements, for the interest period relevant to such borrowing.  
     
  On April 4, 2012, the Company amended the terms of the First Lien Term Loan Facility (the  First Amendment ) and incurred related refinancing costs of $11.2 million.  The First Amendment, among other things, (i) decreased the applicable margin from LIBOR plus 5.50% (or Base Rate plus 4.50%) to LIBOR plus 4.00% (or Base Rate plus 3.00%) and (ii) decreased the LIBOR floor from 1.50% to 1.25%.  
     
  On October 8, 2013, the Company entered into the Second Amendment, which among other things, (i) provided $100.0 million of additional term loans as described above, (ii) decreased the applicable margin from LIBOR plus 4.00% (or Base Rate plus 3.00%) to LIBOR plus 3.50% (or Base Rate plus 2.50%) and (iii) decreased the LIBOR floor from 1.25% to 1.00%.  Upon the occurrence of the Second Amendment, the Company s obligation to make scheduled quarterly payments on the Term Loans was increased to require the Company to make scheduled quarterly payments each equal to 0.25% of the amended principal amount of the Term Loans (approximately $1.5 million).  
     
  In addition, the Second Amendment (i) amended certain restricted payment provisions, (ii) removed the maximum capital expenditures covenant from the agreement governing the First Lien Term Loan Facility, (iii) modified the existing provision restricting the Company s ability to make dividend and other payments so that from and after March 31, 2013, the permitted payment amount represents the sum of (a) a calculation based on 50% of Consolidated Net Income (as defined in the First Lien Term Loan Facility agreement), if positive, or a deficit of 100% of Consolidated Net Income, if negative, and (b) $20.0 million, and (iv) permitted proceeds of any sale leasebacks of any assets acquired after January 13, 2012, to be reinvested in the Company s business without restriction.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016, the interest rate charged on the First Lien Term Loan Facility was 4.50% (1.00% Eurocurrency rate, plus the Eurocurrency loan margin of 3.50%).  As of October 28, 2016, the gross amount outstanding under the First Lien Term Loan Facility was $595.4 million.  
     
 15   

Table of Contents   
     
  Following the end of each fiscal year, the Company is required to make prepayments on the First Lien Term Loan Facility in an amount equal to (i) 50% of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the agreement governing the First Lien Term Loan Facility), with the ability to step down to 25% and 0% upon achievement of specified total leverage ratios, minus (ii) the amount of certain voluntary prepayments made on the First Lien Term Loan Facility and/or the ABL Facility during such fiscal year.  There was no Excess Cash Flow payment required for fiscal 2016.  
     
   The First Lien Term Loan Facility includes certain customary restrictions, among other things, on the Company s ability and the ability of Parent, the Credit Facilities Guarantors (including  the Company s subsidiary 99 Cents Only Stores Texas Inc. ) and certain future subsidiaries of the Company to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, make certain restricted payments, acquisitions or investments, materially change the Company s business, incur or permit to exist certain liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, sell assets, make capital expenditures or merge or consolidate with or into, another company. As of October 28, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the First Lien Term Loan Facility. 
     
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2013, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to limit the variability of cash flows associated with interest payments on the First Lien Term Loan Facility that result from fluctuations in the LIBOR rate.  See Note 6 ,  Derivative Financial Instruments  for more information on this interest rate swap agreement. 
     
   ABL Facility   
     
  The ABL Facility initially was to mature on January 13, 2017 and provided for up to $175.0 million of borrowings, subject to certain borrowing base limitations. Subject to certain conditions, the Company could increase the commitments under the ABL Facility by up to $50.0 million.  All obligations under the ABL Facility are guaranteed by Parent  and the other Credit Facilities Guarantors.  The ABL Facility is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets and the assets of the Credit Facilities Guarantors, including a first priority security interest in certain current assets, and a second priority pledge of all of the Company s equity interests and the equity interest of the Credit Facilities Guarantors and a second priority security interest in certain other fixed assets. 
     
  Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest at a rate based, at the Company s option, on (i) LIBOR plus an applicable margin to be determined  (3.00% as of October 28, 2016) or (ii) the determined base rate (Prime Rate) plus an applicable margin to be determined (2.00% at October 28, 2016), in each case based on a pricing grid depending on average daily excess availability for the most recently ended quarter. 
     
  In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Credit Facilities, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the ABL Facility on unused commitments.  The commitment fee is adjusted at the beginning of each quarter based upon the average historical excess availability of the prior quarter (0.50% for the quarter ended October 28, 2016).  The Company must also pay customary letter of credit fees and agency fees.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016, borrowings under the ABL Facility were $41.8 million, outstanding letters of credit were $31.6 million  and availability under the ABL Facility subject to the borrowing base, was $48.6 million.  As of January 29, 2016, borrowings under the ABL Facility were $47.8 million, outstanding letters of credit were $2.5 million and availability under the ABL Facility subject to the borrowing base, was $90.9 million, prior to giving effect to a subsequent amendment to the ABL Facility on April 8, 2016 that decreased commitments available under the ABL Facility by $25.0 million. 
     
  The ABL Facility includes restrictions on the Company s ability and the ability of Parent and certain of the Company s restricted subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, pay dividends on, or redeem or repurchase, its capital stock, make certain acquisitions or investments, materially change its business, incur or permit to exist certain liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, sell assets or merge or consolidate with or into another company.  
     
  On October 8, 2013, th e ABL Facility was amended to among other things, modify the provision restricting the Company s ability to make dividend and other payments.  Such payments are subject to achievement of Excess Availability (as defined in the agreement governing the ABL Facility) and a ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the agreement governing the ABL Facility) to fixed charges. 
     
  On August 24, 2015, the Company amended its ABL Facility to increase commitments available under the ABL Facility by $10.0 million, resulting in an aggregate ABL Facility size of $185.0 million.  The additional commitments implemented pursuant to the amendment have terms identical to the existing commitments under the ABL Facility, including as to interest rate and other pricing terms. The Company paid amendment fees of $0.5 million to lenders under the ABL Facility.  
     
  In addition, the amendment to the ABL Facility (i) modified certain springing covenants triggered by reference to excess availability under the ABL Facility agreement so that, from August 24, 2015 to April 30, 2016, the occurrence of any such excess availability trigger is determined solely by reference to the available borrowing base under the ABL Facility rather than by reference  
     
 16   

Table of Contents   
     
  to the lesser of the available borrowing base and the available aggregate commitments under the ABL Facility, (ii) increased the inventory advance rate during such period for purposes of calculating the borrowing base from 90% to 92.5%, (iii) provided for certain additional inspection rights by the administrative agent if there is a material increase in the amount of inventory that is not eligible inventory for purposes of the borrowing base and (iv) provided for certain additional technical waivers and amendments in order to effect the foregoing.  
     
  On April 8, 2016, the Company amended its ABL Facility to, among other things, decrease the commitments available under the ABL Facility by $25.0 million, resulting in an aggregate facility size of $160.0 million, and extend the maturity date of the ABL Facility to April 8, 2021; provided however, the ABL Facility will mature on the earlier of (i) the date that is 90 days prior to the stated maturity date in respect of the First Lien Term Loan Facility and (ii) the date that is 90 days prior to the stated maturity date in respect of the Senior Notes (as defined below), unless the First Lien Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes have been repaid or refinanced in full or amended to extend the final maturity dates thereof to a date that is at least 180 days after April 8, 2021 (the date of such repayment or refinancing, the  Term/Notes Refinancing Date ) (such amendment, the  Fourth Amendment ).  The Fourth Amendment also modified the interest rate margins payable under the ABL Facility.  The initial applicable margin for borrowings under the ABL Facility is 2.0% with respect to base rate borrowings and 3.0% with respect to Eurocurrency rate borrowings.  Commencing with the first day of the first fiscal quarter commencing after the closing of the Fourth Amendment, the applicable margin for borrowings thereunder is subject to adjustment each fiscal quarter, based on average historical excess availability during the preceding fiscal quarter.  Furthermore, the applicable margin will be reduced by 0.50% after the Term/Notes Refinancing Date.  
     
  In addition, the Fourth Amendment (i) reduced the incremental revolving commitment capacity from $50.0 million to $25.0 million, but provides that any such incremental revolving commitment may take the form of a  last-out  term loan, (ii) added restrictions on certain negative covenants in respect of investments, restricted payments and prepayments of indebtedness, including the First Lien Term Loan Facility and the Senior Notes, in each case, until the occurrence of Term/Notes Refinancing Date, (iii) reduced the letter of credit sublimit from $50.0 million to $45.0 million and (iv) provided for certain additional technical waivers and amendments in order to effect the foregoing.  
     
  In connection with the Fourth Amendment and in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately $0.3 million related to a portion of the unamortized debt issuance costs. The Company recorded $4.7 million of debt issuance costs in connection with the Fourth Amendment in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as part of non-current deferred financing costs.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the ABL Facility.  
     
   Senior Notes   
     
  On December 29, 2011, the Company issued $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 11% Senior Notes that mature on December 15, 2019 (the  Senior Notes ).  The Senior Notes are guaranteed by the same subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Facilities (the  Subsidiary Guarantors ).  
     
  Pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the Senior Notes (the  Indenture ), the Company may redeem all or a part of the Senior Notes at certain redemption prices that vary based on the date of redemption.   The Company is not required to make any mandatory redemptions or sinking fund payments, and may at any time or from time to time purchase notes in the open market. 
     
  The Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the Company s ability and the ability of certain of its subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, create or incur certain liens, pay dividends or make other restricted payments and investments, incur restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions from restricted subsidiaries, sell assets, engage in transactions with affiliates, or merge or consolidate with other companies.  As of October 28, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the Indenture.  
     
  The significant components of interest expense are as follows (in thousands):  

17   

Table of Contents   
     
   6.                                           Derivative Financial Instruments  
     
  The Company entered into derivative instruments for risk management purposes and uses these derivatives to manage exposure to fluctuation in interest rates.  
     
   Interest Rate Swap   
     
  In May 2012, the Company entered into a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreement for an initial aggregate notional amount of $261.8 million to limit exposure to interest rate increases related to a portion of the Company s floating rate indebtedness once the Company s interest rate cap agreement expires.  The swap agreement, effective November 2013, hedged a portion of contractual floating rate interest commitments through the expiration of the swap agreement in May 2016.  As a result of the agreement, the Company s effective fixed interest rate on the notional amount of floating rate indebtedness was 1.36% plus an applicable margin of 3.50%.  
     
  The Company designated the interest rate swap agreement as a cash flow hedge.  The interest rate swap agreement was highly correlated to the changes in interest rates to which the Company is exposed.  Unrealized gains and losses on the interest rate swap were designated as effective or ineffective.  The effective portion of such gains or losses was recorded as a component of AOCI or loss, while the ineffective portion of such gains or losses was recorded as a component of interest expense.  Realized gains and losses in connection with each required interest payment were reclassified from AOCI or loss to interest expense.  
     
   Covert Transition Payments   
     
  In September 2015, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Geoffrey J. Covert s  as the President and Chief Executive Officer of each of the Company and Parent. In connection with this agreement, Mr. Covert is entitled to receive amounts under a transition program based on the value of certain equity awards from his former employer that he forfeited in connection with his previous employment.  The maximum amount of payments due under this agreement is approximately $5.0 million, payable over a period of four years. The Company accounts for these transition payments as derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments and has measured the obligation at fair value at October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016. The Company recognizes the expense associated with these payments over the requisite service period. 
     
   Fair Value   
     
  The fair value of the interest rate swap agreement was estimated using industry standard valuation models using market-based observable inputs, including interest rate curves (Level 2,  as defined in Note 7,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments ).  The fair value of the transition payments is estimated using a valuation model that includes unobservable inputs (Level 3, as defined in Note 7,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments ). 
     
  A summary of the recorded amounts included in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows (in thousands):  

October 28,    2016        

January 29,    2016        

Derivatives   designated as cash flow hedging instruments        

Interest rate   swap (included in other current liabilities)       

$       

$       
 
  569       

Accumulated   other comprehensive loss, net of tax (included in member s equity)       

$       

$       
 
  162       

Derivatives   not designated as hedging instruments        

Transition   payments (included in other current liabilities)       

$       
 
  934       

$       
 
  1,033       

Transition   payments (included in other long-term liabilities)       

$       
 
  146       

$       
 
  172       

A summary of recorded amounts included in the unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) is as follows (in thousands):  

18   

Table of Contents   
     
   7.                                           Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
     
  The Company complies with authoritative guidance for fair value measurement and disclosures which establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.  The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).  The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:  
     
  Level 1: Defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
     
  Level 2: Defined as observable inputs other than Level 1 prices.  These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in an active market, quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  
     
  Level 3: Defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.  
     
  The Company uses the best available information in measuring fair value.  The following table summarizes, by level within the fair value hierarchy, the financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands) as of October 28, 2016:  

Level 1 measurements include $0.8 million of deferred compensation assets that fund the liabilities related to the Company s deferred compensation plan, including investments in trust funds.  The fair values of these funds are based on quoted market prices in an active market.  
     
  There were no Level 2 assets or liabilities as of October 28, 2016.  
     
   Level 3 measurements include  transition payments to Mr. Covert (See Note 6 ,  Derivative Financial Instruments ) estimated using a valuation model that includes Level 3 unobservable inputs.  Significant assumptions used in the analysis include projected stock prices, stock volatility and the Company s credit spread. 
     
  The Company did not have any transfers in and out of Levels 1 and 2 during the first three quarters of fiscal 2017.  
     
  The following table summarizes, by level within the fair value hierarchy, the financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands) as of January 29, 2016:  

Level 1 measurements include $0.7 million of deferred compensation assets that fund the liabilities related to the Company s deferred compensation plan, including investments in trust funds.  The fair values of these funds are based on quoted market prices in an active market.  
     
 19   

Table of Contents   
     
  Level 2 measurements include interest rate swap agreement estimated using industry standard valuation models using market-based observable inputs, including interest rate curves.  
     
   Level 3 measurements include  transition payments to Mr. Covert estimated using a valuation model that includes Level 3 unobservable inputs.  Significant assumptions used in the analysis include projected stock prices, stock volatility and the Company s credit spread.  
     
  The following table summarizes the activity for the period of changes in fair value of the Company s Level 3 instruments (in thousands):  

(1)            Losses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
     
  The outstanding debt under the Credit Facilities and the Senior Notes is recorded in the financial statements at historical cost, net of applicable unamortized discounts and deferred financing costs.  
     
  The ABL Facility is tied directly to market rates and fluctuates as market rates change; as a result, the carrying value of the ABL Facility approximates fair value as of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016.  
     
  The fair value of the First Lien Term Loan Facility was estimated at $467.4 million, or $128.0 million lower than its carrying value, as of October 28, 2016, based on quoted market prices of the debt (Level 1 inputs).  The fair value of the First Lien Term Loan Facility was estimated at $393.0 million, or $207.0 million lower than its carrying value, as of January 29, 2016, based on quoted market prices of the debt (Level 1 inputs).  
     
  The fair value of the Senior Notes was estimated at $148.1 million, or $101.9 million lower than the carrying value, as of October 28, 2016, based on quoted market prices of the debt (Level 1 inputs).  The fair value of the Senior Notes was estimated at $103.1 million, or $146.9 million lower than the carrying value, as of January 29, 2016, based on quoted market prices of the debt (Level 1 inputs).  
     
  See Note 5,  Debt  for more information on the Company s debt.  
     
   Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis   
     
   During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company recognized an impairment charge of approximately $0.1 million relating to the anticipated closure of three stores.  The remaining net book value of assets measured at fair value was $0.1 million.  During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company also recorded impairment charges of $0.1 million related to fixtures that will be disposed of and for which the Company concluded the fair value was zero. The fair value measurements used in these impairment evaluations were based on discounted cash flow estimates using unobservable inputs (Level 3).  
     
   During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company also reduced the carrying value of a held for sale property to its fair value of $1.5 million from $1.7 million, resulting in an impairment charge of $0.2 million.  Fair value was determined on the basis of a broker quote, less estimated cost to sell (Level 2).  
     
 20   

Table of Contents   
     
   8.                                           Stock-Based Compensation  
     
    Number Holdings, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan    
     
   On February 27, 2012, the board of directors of Parent (the  Board ) adopted the Number Holdings, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan ).  On July 26, 2016, the 2012 Plan was amended to increase the aggregate number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2012 Plan to  87,500 shares of Class A Common Stock of Parent and 87,500 shares of Class B Common Stock of Parent.  Prior to the increase, the 2012 Plan authorized equity awards to be granted for up to 85,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of Parent and 85,000 shares of Class B Common Stock of Parent. As of October 28, 2016, options for 82,155 shares of each of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock were outstanding and held by employees, members of management and directors.  Options upon vesting may be exercised only for units consisting of an equal number of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock.  Class B Common Stock has de minimis economic rights and the right to vote solely for election of directors. 
     
   Employee Option Grants   
     
  Options subject to time-vesting conditions granted to employees generally become exercisable over a four or five year service period and have terms of ten years from the date of grant. Options with performance-vesting conditions granted to employees generally become exercisable based on the achievement of certain performance targets and have terms of ten years from the date of grant.  
     
  Under the standard form of option award agreement for the 2012 Plan, Parent has a right to repurchase from the participant all or a portion of (i) Class A and Class B Common Stock of Parent issued upon the exercise of the options awarded to a participant and still held by such participant or his or her transferee and (ii) vested but unexercised options.  The repurchase price for the shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock of Parent received from option exercises prior to termination of employment is the fair market value of such shares as of the date of such termination, and, for the vested but unexercised options, the repurchase price is the difference between the fair market value of the Class A and Class B Common Stock of Parent as of the date of termination of employment and the exercise price of the option.  However, upon (i) a termination of employment for cause, (ii) a voluntary resignation without good reason, or (iii) upon discovery that the participant engaged in detrimental activity, the repurchase price is the lesser of the exercise price paid by the participant to exercise the option or the fair market value of the Class A and Class B Common Stock of Parent.  If Parent elects to exercise its repurchase right for any shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an option, it must do so no later than (i) 180 days after the date of participant s termination of employment if the option is exercised prior to the date of termination, or (ii) no later than 90 days from the latest date that such option can be exercised if the option is exercised after the date of termination.  If Parent elects to exercise its repurchase right for any vested and unexercised option, it must do so for no longer than the latest date that such option can be exercised.  The options also contain transfer restrictions that lapse upon registration of an offering of Parent common stock under the Securities Act of 1933 (a  liquidity event ).  
     
  The Company defers recognition of substantially all of the stock-based compensation expense related to these stock options. The nature of repurchase rights and transfer restrictions create a performance condition that is not considered probable of being achieved until a liquidity event or certain employment termination events are probable of occurrence. Additionally, the Company has deferred recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for performance-based options until it is probable that the performance targets will be achieved. These options are accounted for as equity-based awards. The fair value of these stock options was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model. There were 21,896 time-based and 18,009 performance-based employee options outstanding (for individuals other than board members, Mr. Covert and Ms. Thornton) as of October 28, 2016.  
     
   During the second quarter of fiscal 2017, Parent provided certain employee option holders an opportunity to exchange their outstanding non-qualified stock options for options with an exercise price of $757 per share.  On July 26, 2016, the Compensation Committee of Parent canceled 15,555 of the outstanding options with an exercise price higher than $757 per share and granted new options to holders of the canceled options with an exercise price of $757 per share.  In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Compensation Committee of Parent canceled an additional 260 of the outstanding options with an exercise price higher than $757 per share and granted new options to holders of the canceled options with an exercise price of $757 per share. The new options are generally vested to the same extent as the canceled options and have terms of ten years. New options subject to time-vesting conditions vest over a five-year service period and performance-vested options vest upon achievement of certain performance targets.  The exchanges were treated as a modification of stock options for accounting purposes and had no impact on compensation expense.  The fair value of new time-vested and performance-vested options was estimated at the date of modification using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 
     
  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, 5,000 options were granted to the new Chief Merchandising Officer of the Company and Parent, which will vest based on the achievement of certain performance targets.  The Company has deferred recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for these performance-based stock options due to repurchase rights and transfer restrictions included in the terms of the award.  The nature of the repurchase rights and transfer restrictions create a performance condition that is not  
     
 21   

Table of Contents   
     
   considered probable of being achieved until a liquidity event or certain employment termination events are probable of occurrence.  Additionally, the Company has deferred recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for these performance-based options until it is probable that the performance targets will be achieved.  The fair value of these performance-based options was estimated at the date of grant using  the Black-Scholes pricing model. On July 26, 2016, the Compensation Committee of Parent amended these options to conform the vesting conditions for the performance-vested options with those granted to other employees.  The amendment of the performance hurdles was treated as a modification of stock options for accounting purposes and had no impact on compensation expense.  The Company has continued to defer recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for the amended performance-based options.  The fair value of these performance-based options was estimated at the date of modification using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 
     
   Director Option Grants   
     
  Options granted to board members generally become exercisable over a three, four or five year service period and have terms of ten years from the date of grant.  Options granted to board members do not contain repurchase rights that would allow the Parent to repurchase these options at less than fair value. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense for these option grants over the service period. These options are accounted for as equity awards.  The fair value of these stock options was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model.  On July 26, 2016, the Compensation Committee of Parent amended 1,000 previously granted board member options with exercise prices in excess of $757 per share to lower the exercise price to $757 per share. The reduction in the exercise price was treated as a modification of stock options for accounting purposes.  The modification, based on the fair value of the options both immediately before and after such modification, resulted in a total incremental compensation expense of less than $0.1 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2017.  
     
   Chief Financial Officer Equity Awards   
     
  In October 2015, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Felicia Thornton  as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of each of the Company and Parent. In connection with this agreement, Ms. Thornton was granted options to purchase 10,000 shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock of Parent.  One-half of the options vest on each of the first four anniversaries of Ms. Thornton s start date, and the other half of the options vest based on the achievement of certain performance targets. Options granted to Ms. Thornton contain repurchase rights as described above that would allow the Parent to repurchase these options at less than fair value, except that repurchase rights at less than fair value in the case of voluntary resignation without good reason lapse after November 2, 2017. 
     
  The Company records stock-based compensation for the time-based options in accordance with the four year vesting period.  The Company has deferred recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for the performance-based options until it is probable that the performance targets will be achieved.  The time-based and performance-based options are accounted for as equity awards.  The fair value of these time-based and performance-based options was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model.  
     
  On July 26, 2016, the Compensation Committee of Parent amended Ms. Thornton s performance-based options to conform the vesting conditions for the performance-vested options with those granted to other employees.   The amendment of the performance targets was treated as a modification of stock options for accounting purposes and had no impact on compensation expense.  The Company has continued to defer recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for the amended performance-based options.  The fair value of these amended performance-based options was estimated at the date of modification using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 
     
   Chief Executive Officer Equity Awards   
     
  In September 2015, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Geoffrey J. Covert  as the President and Chief Executive Officer of each of the Company and Parent.  In connection with this agreement, Mr. Covert was granted two options, each to purchase 15,500 shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock of Parent.  One of the grants has an exercise price of $1,000 per share.  The other grant has an exercise price equal to $750 per share plus the amount by which the fair market value of the underlying share exceeds $1,000 on the date of exercise.  One-half of each grant vests on each of the first four installments of the grant date, and the other half of each grant vests based on the achievement of certain performance targets.  The vesting of the options is subject to Mr. Covert s continued employment through the applicable vesting date.  The options are subject to the terms of the 2012 Plan and the award agreements under which they were granted. 
     
  The Company has deferred recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for these time-based and performance-based stock options due to repurchase rights and transfer restrictions included in the terms of the award. The nature of the repurchase rights and transfer restrictions create a performance condition that is not considered probable of being achieved until a liquidity event or certain employment termination events are probable of occurrence. Additionally, the Company has deferred recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for performance-based options until it is probable that the performance targets will be achieved.  
     
 22   

Table of Contents   
     
  The fair value of the grant with an exercise price of $1,000 per share was estimated at the date of grant using a binomial model.  The fair value of the other grant was estimated at the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation method.  
     
  On July 26, 2016, the Compensation Committee of Parent amended Mr. Covert s performance-based options to conform the vesting conditions for the performance-vested options with those granted to other employees.   The amendment of the performance hurdles was treated as a modification of stock options for accounting purposes and had no impact on compensation expense.  The Company has continued to defer recognition of the stock-based compensation expense for the amended performance-based options.  The fair value of the grant with an exercise price of $1,000 per share was estimated at the date of modification using a binomial model.  The fair value of the other grant was estimated at the date of modification using a Monte Carlo simulation method. 
     
    Accounting for stock-based compensation    
     
  Determining the fair value of options at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating the expected term that stock options will be outstanding prior to exercise and the associated volatility.  At the grant date, the Company estimates an amount of forfeitures that will occur prior to vesting.  During the third quarter and first three quarters of fiscal 2017, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.2 million and $0.5 million, respectively.  During the third quarter and first three quarters of fiscal 2016, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of less than $0.1 million and $1.5 million, respectively.  
     
  The following summarizes stock option activity in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017:  

(a)            Includes 13,146 options granted to employees that will vest based on the achievement of certain performance targets. 
  (b)            Includes cancellation of 15,815 options in exchange for options with new terms. 
     
  The following table summarizes the stock awards available for grant under the 2012 Plan as of October 28, 2016:  

9.                                           Related-Party Transactions  
     
   First Lien Term Loan Facility   
     
  In connection with the Merger, the Company entered into the First Lien Term Loan Facility, under which various funds affiliated with Ares were lenders.  As of January 29, 2016, these affiliates no longer held any term loans under the First Lien Term Loan.  As of October 28, 2016, funds affiliated with Ares and CPPIB held approximately $130.9 million of term loans under the First Lien Term Loan Facility.  The terms of the term loans are the same as those held by unaffiliated third party lenders under the First Lien Term Loan Facility.  
     
 23   

Table of Contents   
     
   Senior Notes   
     
  As of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016 various funds affiliated with Ares and CPPIB have collectively acquired $102.1 million aggregate principal amount of the Company s Senior Notes in open market transactions.  From time to time, these or other affiliated funds may acquire additional Senior Notes.  
     
   10.                                    Income Taxes  
     
  The effective income tax rate for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 was a provision rate of (0.2)% compared to a provision rate of rate of (16.5)% for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  Income tax expense for the interim periods was computed using the effective tax rate estimated to be applicable for the full fiscal year.  The change in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the tax effect of the establishment of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 as discussed below, and the effect of not recognizing the benefit of losses incurred in fiscal 2017 in jurisdictions where the Company concluded it is more likely than not that such benefits would not be realized.  
     
  The Company assesses its ability to realize deferred tax assets throughout the fiscal year.  As a result of this assessment during the second quarter of fiscal 2016,  the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the Company would not realize its deferred tax assets.  In the quarters prior to the recording of a valuation allowance in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company weighed all available positive and negative evidence and determined that it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets were fully realizable.  In fiscal 2016, the Company s management had begun to take meaningful steps to focus on the operational execution of the initiatives launched in fiscal 2015, which were expected to drive performance improvements over the second and third quarters of fiscal 2016.  However, in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company s experienced (i) margin declines due to short-term sales promotions, (ii) delays in sales growth due to cannibalization from new store openings, (iii) increased inventory shrinkage from a buildup of inventory levels, and (iv) increases in support costs as a percentage of sales.  As a result of these second quarter of fiscal 2016 events, the Company decided to adjust merchandise pricing strategies, delay the pace of future store openings for the remainder of fiscal 2016, revise inventory shrinkage processes and establish selling, general and administrative cost control measures.  The Company concluded that until the performance issues identified in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 showed improvement, it was more likely than not that the Company would not realize its net deferred tax assets, and therefore the Company recorded a $31.7 million increase to provision for income taxes in order to establish a valuation allowance against such net deferred tax assets. 
     
  As of January 29, 2016, the valuation allowance increased to $81.8 million, which was primarily related to an increase in losses incurred during fiscal 2016.  
     
  The Company will continue to evaluate all of the positive and negative evidence in future periods and will make a determination as to whether it is more likely than not that all or a portion of its deferred tax assets will be realized in such future periods. At such time as the Company determines that it is more likely than not that all or a portion of its deferred tax assets are realizable, the valuation allowance will be reduced or released in its entirety, and the corresponding benefit will be reflected in the Company s tax provision. Deferred tax liabilities associated with indefinite-lived intangibles cannot be considered a source of taxable income to support the realization of deferred tax assets because these deferred tax liabilities will not reverse until some indefinite future period when these assets are either sold or impaired for book purposes.  The establishment of a valuation allowance does not have any impact on cash, nor does such an allowance preclude the Company from using its loss carryforwards or utilizing other deferred tax assets in the future.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016, the Company had not accrued any liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits, and had also not accrued any interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions for the relevant periods. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various states.  The Company is subject to examinations by the major tax jurisdictions in which it files for the tax years 2011 forward.  
     
   11.                                    Commitments and Contingencies  
     
    Credit Facilities    
     
  The Company s Credit Facilities and commitments are discussed in detail in Note 5,  Debt.   
     
    Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan and Special Bonus Letters    
     
  On July 26, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board (the  Compensation Committee ) adopted the 99 Cents Only Stores LLC 2016 Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan (the  Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan ). The Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan is  
     
 24   

Table of Contents   
     
   intended to promote the success of the Company by rewarding certain employees for their service to the Company and to provide incentives for such employees to remain in the employ or other service of the Company and to contribute to the performance of the Company. Under the Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan, if the Company achieves an initial Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan) goal for either fiscal 2017 or the fiscal year ending January 26, 2018 (the  Initial Mid-Term Plan Goal ), 50% of a participant s award will be eligible for payment. No amounts will be paid under the Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan if the Initial Mid-Term Plan Goal is not achieved. If the Company achieves the Initial Mid-Term Plan Goal and then achieves the same Adjusted EBITDA goal for the fiscal year immediately following the year in which the Initial Mid-Term Plan Goal was achieved, the remaining 50% of the participant s award will be eligible for payment. Payment of eligible awards will only be made to the extent the Company s Free Cash Flow (as defined in the Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan) exceeds the amount eligible for payment, as measured at the end of each second quarter and fourth quarter of each fiscal year after an amount becomes eligible for payment until the end of the fiscal year ending January 31, 2020.  The Company does not expect to maintain the Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan for periods after the fiscal year ending July 31, 2020. The maximum payout under the Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan is $22.5 million.  The Company recognizes the expense associated with this Mid-Term Cash Incentive Plan over the requisite service periods and has accrued $3.0 million  as of October 28, 2016. 
     
  On July 26, 2016, the  Compensation Committee approved special bonus letters for three executives.  Pursuant to the terms thereof, if a Refinancing Transaction (as defined in the special bonus letters) occurs prior to October 1, 2018, each of the applicable executives will be eligible to receive a special bonus payable within 30 days of such transaction.  The special bonuses to be earned by the applicable executives total $4.0 million. No amounts have been accrued as of October 28, 2016. 
     
    Workers  Compensation    
     
  The Company self-insures its workers  compensation claims in California and Texas and provides for losses of estimated known and incurred but not reported insurance claims.  The Company does not discount the projected future cash outlays for the time value of money for claims and claim related costs when establishing its workers  compensation liability.  
     
  As of October 28 2016 and January 29, 2016, the Company had recorded a liability of $75.5 million and $76.3 million, respectively, for estimated workers  compensation claims in California.  The Company has limited self-insurance exposure in Texas and had recorded a liability of $0.1 million as of each of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016 for workers  compensation claims in Texas.  The Company purchases workers  compensation insurance coverage in Arizona and Nevada and is not self-insured in those states.  
     
    Self-Insured Health Insurance Liability    
     
   The Company self-insures for a portion of its employee medical benefit claims.  As of each of October 28, 2016 and  January 29, 2016 , the Company had recorded a liability of $0.4 million for estimated health insurance claims.  The Company maintains stop loss insurance coverage to limit its exposure for the self-funded portion of its health insurance program. 
     
    Sale of Warehouse Facility    
     
   On July 6, 2016, the Company sold and concurrently licensed (through February 28, 2017) a warehouse facility in the City of Commerce, California with a carrying value of $12.1 million and received net proceeds from this transaction of $28.5 million. In addition to the proceeds, $1.0 million purchase price consideration has been held in escrow for the buyer to make certain repairs, and any amount not used for such repairs will be paid to the Company. The Company expects the buyer to complete such repairs within 18 months of the closing date.  The Company was deemed to have  continuing involvement,  which precluded the de-recognition of the assets from the consolidated balance sheet when the transactions closed. The resulting lease is accounted for as a financing lease and the Company has recorded a financing lease obligation of $29.1 million (as a component of current liabilities) as of October 28, 2016.  The Company will derecognize the assets and financing lease obligation at the earlier of when the lease term ends or when the Company no longer has continuing involvement and depreciate the assets over their remaining useful lives.  
     
    Legal Matters    
     
    Wage and Hour Matters    
     
   Shelley Pickett v. 99  Only Stores.    Plaintiff Shelley Pickett, a former cashier for the Company, filed a representative action complaint against the Company on November 4, 2011 in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles alleging a Private Attorneys General Act of 2004 ( PAGA ) claim that the Company violated section 14 of Wage Order 7-2001 by failing to provide seats for its cashiers behind checkout counters.  Pickett seeks civil penalties of $100 to $200 per violation, per each pay period for each affected employee, and attorney s fees.  The court denied the Company s motion to compel arbitration of Pickett s individual claims or, in the alternative, to strike the representative action allegations in the complaint, and the Court of Appeals affirmed the trial court s ruling.  On June 27, 2013, Pickett entered into a settlement agreement and release with the Company in another matter. 
     
 25   

Table of Contents   
     
  Payment has been made to the plaintiff under that agreement and the other action has been dismissed.  The Company s position is that the release Pickett executed in that matter waives the claims she asserts in this action, waives her right to proceed on a class or representative basis or as a private attorney general and requires her to dismiss this action with prejudice as to her individual claims.  The Company notified Pickett of its position by a letter dated as of July 30, 2013, but she refused to dismiss the lawsuit.  On February 11, 2014, the Company answered the complaint, denying all material allegations, and filed a cross-complaint against Pickett seeking to enforce her agreement to dismiss this action.  Through the cross-complaint, the Company seeks declaratory relief, specific performance and damages.  Pickett has answered the cross-complaint, asserting a general denial of all material allegations and various affirmative defenses.  On September 30, 2014, the court denied the Company s motion for judgment on the pleadings as to its cross-complaint and granted leave to Pickett to amend her complaint to add another representative plaintiff, Tracy Humphrey.  Plaintiffs filed their amended complaint on October 8, 2014, and the Company answered on October 10, 2014, denying all material allegations.  On April 4, 2016, in an unrelated matter involving similar claims against a different employer, the California Supreme Court issued a ruling that provides guidance to lower courts as to California s employee seating requirement, which is a largely untested area of law.  The instant action had been stayed pending the issuance of the California Supreme Court ruling.  The stay has been lifted and the parties mediated this matter on October 19, 2016.  The mediation did not result in a settlement, and a bench trial has been set to commence on May 31, 2017.  The Company cannot predict the outcome of this lawsuit or the amount of potential loss, if any, that could result from such lawsuit.  
     
   Sofia Wilton Barriga v. 99  Only Stores.    Plaintiff, a former store associate, filed an action against the Company on August 5, 2013, in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Riverside alleging on behalf of the plaintiff and all others allegedly similarly situated under the California Labor Code that the Company failed to pay wages for all hours worked, provide meal periods, pay wages timely upon termination, and provide accurate wage statements.  The plaintiff also asserted a derivative claim for unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code.  The plaintiff seeks to represent a class of all non-exempt employees who were employed in California in the Company s retail stores who worked the graveyard shift at any time from January 1, 2012, through the date of trial or settlement.  Although the class period as originally pled would extend back to August 5, 2009, the parties have agreed that any class period would run beginning January 1, 2012, because of the preclusive effect of a judgment in a previous matter.  The plaintiff seeks to recover alleged unpaid wages, statutory penalties, interest, attorney s fees and costs, and restitution.  On September 23, 2013, the Company filed an answer denying all material allegations.  A case management conference was held on October 4, 2013, at which the court ordered that discovery may proceed as to class certification issues only.  After discovery commenced, a mediation was held on March 12, 2015, resulting in a confidential mediator s proposal, which the parties verbally accepted.  The parties were unable to negotiate and finalize a written settlement agreement.  Subsequent settlement discussions directly and through the mediator, as well as a court-ordered settlement conference, were unsuccessful.  Discovery resumed and plaintiff s motion for class certification has been fully briefed.  Plaintiff has also brought a motion to strike the evidence submitted in support of the Company s opposition to class certification.  At the Court s request the parties have agreed, to mediate this matter on March 2, 2017, prior to any ruling on the class certification motion and the motion to strike.  On October 26, 2015, plaintiffs  counsel filed another action in Los Angeles Superior Court, entitled  Ivan Guerra v. 99 Cents Only Stores LLC  (Case No. BC599119), which asserts PAGA claims based in part on the allegations at issue in the  Barriga  action.  By stipulation of the parties, the  Guerra  action has been transferred to Riverside Superior Court and will be mediated along with the  Barriga  action on March 2, 2017.  The Company cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits or the amount of potential loss, if any, that could result from such lawsuits. 
     
   Phillip Clavel v. 99 Cents Only Stores LLC, et al.    Former warehouse worker Phillip Clavel filed an action against the Company on March 30, 2016, on behalf of himself and all other alleged aggrieved employees, seeking civil penalties under the PAGA for the following alleged Labor Code violations: failure to pay regular, overtime and minimum wages for all hours worked, failure to provide proper meal and rest periods, failure to pay wages timely during employment and upon termination, failure to provide proper wage statements, failure to reimburse business expenses, and failure to provide notice of the material terms of employment under the Wage Theft Prevention Act.  Mr. Clavel alleges that his claims arose during two periods of employment one from March 2015 through mid-October 2015, during which he was employed by the Company as a forklift operator in the Commerce Distribution Center, and a second period from late October 2015 through February 2016, when he was similarly employed (through a staffing agency, BaronHR) at the Company s Washington Boulevard warehouse.  On June 9, 2016, Plaintiff filed a First Amended Complaint.  The Company answered the First Amended Complaint on June 14, 2016, generally denying the allegations in the complaint and asserting a number of affirmative defenses.  BaronHR has also answered the First Amended Complaint.  Trial has been set to commence on July 18, 2017, and a mediation has been set for January 19, 2017.  The Company cannot predict the outcome of this lawsuit or the amount of potential loss, if any, that could result from such lawsuit. 
     
   Jimmy Mejia, et al. v. 99 Cents Only Stores LLC  .  Former store associates Jimmy Mejia and Yamilet Serrano filed an action against the Company on September 16, 2016, on behalf of themselves and all other alleged aggrieved employees, seeking civil penalties under the PAGA for the following alleged Labor Code violations: failure to pay overtime and minimum wages for all hours worked, failure to provide proper meal and rest periods, failure to pay timely wages during employment and upon termination, and failure to provide proper wage statements.  On November 14, 2016, the Company answered the complaint, generally denying the allegations in the complaint and asserting a number of affirmative defenses.  A case management conference has been set for January 19, 2017.  The Company cannot predict the outcome of this lawsuit or the amount of potential loss, if any, that could result from such lawsuit. 
     
 26   

Table of Contents   
     
   Environmental Matters   
     
   People of the State of California v. 99 Cents Only Stores LLC.    This action was brought by the San Joaquin District Attorney and a number of other public prosecutors against the Company alleging that the Company had violated hazardous waste statutory and regulatory requirements at its retail stores in California.  The Company settled this case through the entry of a stipulated judgment in December 2014 which contained injunctive relief requiring the Company to comply with applicable hazardous waste requirements at these stores. On June 29, 2015, the District Attorney informed the Company of alleged hazardous waste violations identified during a March 2015 inspection of a recently-opened store in Sonora, Tuolumne County and requested a meeting with the Company.  Since that time, the Company has been cooperating with the District Attorney to provide information regarding the alleged violations.  The District Attorney has demanded that the Company pay $187,500 to resolve this matter and to agree to additional injunctive relief in the existing settlement.  In May 2016, the discussions with the District Attorney were extended to include non-compliance issues identified at an existing store in San Jose during an inspection on March 16, 2016.  In connection with this matter, the Company has accrued an immaterial amount.  Although any monetary damages ultimately paid by the Company may exceed the accrued amount, it is not currently possible to estimate the amount of any such excess or the impact that any injunctive relief may have on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
     
    Other Matters    
     
  The Company is also subject to other private lawsuits, administrative proceedings and claims that arise in its ordinary course of business.  A number of these lawsuits, proceedings and claims may exist at any given time.  While the resolution of such a lawsuit, proceeding or claim may have an impact on the Company s financial results for the period in which it is resolved, and litigation is inherently unpredictable, in management s opinion, none of these matters arising in the ordinary course of business is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or overall liquidity.  
     
   12.                                    Assets Held for Sale  
     
  Assets held for sale as of October 28, 2016 consisted of vacant land in Rancho Mirage and Los Angeles, California and land in Bullhead, Arizona with an aggregate carrying value of $4.9 million.  Assets held for sale as of January 29, 2016 consisted of vacant land in Rancho Mirage, California and land in Bullhead, Arizona with an aggregate carrying value of $2.3 million.  
     
   13.                                    Other Accrued Expenses  
     
  Other accrued expenses as of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016 are as follows (in thousands):  

14.                                    New Authoritative Standards  
     
  In  May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires expanded disclosures about revenue recognition. In adopting ASU 2014-09, companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach.  ASU 2014-09 was to be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is not permitted In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
     
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  This ASU requires management to assess whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued.  If substantial doubt exists, additional disclosures are required. This ASU is effective for annual periods ending after  
     
 27   

Table of Contents   
     
  December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.  The Company will adopt this standard in the annual period ended January 27, 2017 and such adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company or its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  This ASU requires companies to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts. Debt issuance costs will continue to be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangement.  ASU 2015-15 clarifies the presentation and measurement of debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements given the lack of guidance on this topic in ASU 2015-03. For line-of-credit arrangements, an entity can continue to present debt issuance costs as an asset and amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement. These standards are effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 as well as interim periods within those annual periods using the retrospective approach. The Company adopted this guidance retrospectively in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. As a result, the presentation of $11.5 million of debt issuance costs (net of accumulated amortization) have been reclassified from deferred financing costs, net to long-term debt, net of current portion as of January 29, 2016.  
     
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.   This ASU simplifies the subsequent measurement of inventories by replacing the lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost or net realizable value test.  Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.  The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. This ASU should be applied prospectively.  The Company will adopt ASU 2015-11 in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and such adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company or its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.   This ASU simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring that all deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as long-term on the balance sheet. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and allows for either prospective or retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance retrospectively in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.  As a result, the presentation of $16.6 million of deferred income taxes was reclassified from current assets to long-term deferred income tax liabilities as of January 29, 2016.  
     
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  This ASU revises an entity s accounting on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Although the ASU retains many current requirements, it significantly revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. The ASU also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. This ASU becomes effective for public entities in the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provisions related to the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. The Company will adopt ASU 2016-01 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and such adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company or its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases,  which requires lessees to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, for all leases, with the exception of short-term leases, at the commencement date of each lease.  This ASU requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee.  This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.  This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted.  The amendments of this update should be applied using a modified retrospective approach, which requires lessees and lessors to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and is anticipating a material impact because the Company is party to a significant number of lease contracts.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-04 ,   Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products,  which is designed to provide guidance and eliminate diversity in the accounting for the derecognition of financial liabilities related to certain prepaid stored-value products using a revenue-like breakage model.  Breakage should be recognized in proportion to the pattern of rights expected to be exercised by the product holder to the extent that it is probable a significant reversal of the recognized breakage amount will not subsequently occur. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied retrospectively or using a modified retrospective approach.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
 28   

Table of Contents   
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue Recognition: Clarifying the new Revenue Standard s Principal-Versus-Agent Guidance.  The amendments finalize the guidance in the new revenue standard on assessing whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a revenue transaction. The conclusion impacts whether an entity reports revenue on a gross or net basis.  The effective date and transition of these amendments is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  as amended by the one-year deferral and early adoption provisions in ASU 2015-14. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . This ASU will require companies to recognize the income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. The guidance requires companies to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity and cash paid to a taxing authority to satisfy statutory withholding as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows. The guidance will also allow entities to make an alternative policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur.  This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any interim or annual period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing . This ASU provides guidance on accounting for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance obligations.  The amendments clarify how an entity should evaluate its promise when granting a license of intellectual property. They also clarify when a promised good or service is separately identifiable and allow entities to disregard items that are immaterial in the context of the contract.  The effective date and transition of these amendments is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  as amended by the one-year deferral and early adoption provisions in ASU 2015-14. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-11,  Revenue Recognition and Derivatives and Hedging: Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting .  This ASU rescinds certain SEC guidance from the applicable Accounting Standards Codification in response to announcements made by the SEC staff at the Emerging Issues Task Force s March 3, 2016 meeting, and which supersedes certain SEC observer comments on the topics of revenue and expense recognition for freight services in process, accounting for shipping and handling fees and costs, accounting for consideration given by a vendor to a customer and accounting for gas-balancing arrangements upon the adoption of ASU 2014-09. The effective date and transition of these amendments is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  as amended by the one-year deferral and early adoption provisions in ASU 2015-14. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients .  This ASU provides narrow scope improvements and technical expedients on assessing collectability, the presentation of sales tax and other similar taxes collected from customers, non-cash consideration, contract modifications and completed contracts at transition, and the disclosure requirement for the effect of the accounting change for the period of adoption. The effective date and transition of these amendments is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  as amended by the one-year deferral and early adoption provisions in ASU 2015-14. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments .  This ASU replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology of recognizing credit losses when a loss is probable, with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to assess credit loss estimates. The standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted for periods after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice.  This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied retrospectively.  The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company or its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In October 2016, the FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-17,  Interest Held through Related Parties that are under Common Control , which provides guidance on the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity ( VIE ) by amending how a reporting entity, that is a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held  
     
 29   

Table of Contents   
     
  through related parties that are under common control. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.  The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company or its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In October 2016 the FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-16,  Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory , which requires entities to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of a fiscal year. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
   15.                                    Financial Guarantees  
     
  On December 29, 2011, the Company issued $250.0 million principal amount of the Senior Notes.  The Senior Notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of the Company s existing and future restricted subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Facilities and certain other indebtedness.  
     
   As of October 28, 2016 and January 29, 2016, the Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the  Subsidiary Guarantors . 
     
   The tables in the following pages present the condensed consolidating financial information for the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors together with consolidating entries, as of and for the periods indicated.   The subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors are minor.   The condensed consolidating financial information may not necessarily be indicative of the financial position, results of operations or cash flows had the Company, and the Subsidiary Guarantors operated as independent entities. 
     
 30   

Table of Contents   
     
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS   
   As of October 28, 2016   
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

31   

Table of Contents   
     
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS   
   As of January 29, 2016   
   (In thousands)   

32   

Table of Contents   
     
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
   For the Third Quarter Ended October 28, 2016   
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
   For the First Three Quarters Ended October 28, 2016   
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

33   

Table of Contents   
     
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
   For the Third Quarter Ended October 30, 2015   
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
   For the First Three Quarters Ended October 30, 2015   
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

34   

Table of Contents   
     
   CONDENSED    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
   For the First Three Quarters Ended October 28, 2016   
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

CONDENSED    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
   For the First Three Quarters Ended October 30, 2015   
   (In thousands)   
   (Unaudited)   

35   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
     
    As used in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (this  Report ), unless the context suggests otherwise, the terms  Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to 99  Only Stores and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Conversion (as described in Note 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016) and to 99 Cents Only Stores LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries on or after the Conversion.    
     
   General   
     
  We are an extreme value retailer of consumable and general merchandise and seasonal products.  Our stores offer a wide assortment of regularly available consumer goods as well as a broad variety of first-quality closeout merchandise. In addition, we carry domestic and imported fresh produce, deli, dairy and frozen and refrigerated food products.  
     
  On January 13, 2012, we were acquired through a merger (the  Merger ) with a subsidiary of Number Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Parent ) with us surviving.  In connection with the Merger, we became a subsidiary of Parent, which is controlled by affiliates of  Ares Management, L.P. ( Ares ) and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board ( CPPIB ). 
     
  We follow a fiscal calendar consisting of four quarters with 91 days, each ending on the Friday closest to the last day of April, July, October or January, as applicable, and a 52-week fiscal year with 364 days, with a 53-week year every five to six years. Unless otherwise stated, references to years in this Report relate to fiscal years rather than calendar years.  Fiscal 2017 began on January 30, 2016, will end on January 27, 2017 and will consist of 52 weeks.  The Company s fiscal year 2016 ( fiscal 2016 ) began on January 31, 2015, ended on January 29, 2016 and consisted of 52 weeks.  The third quarter ended October 28, 2016 (the  third quarter of fiscal 2017 ) and the third quarter ended October 30, 2015 (the  third quarter of fiscal 2016 ) were each comprised of 91 days.  The nine-month period ended October 28, 2016 (the  first three quarters of fiscal 2017 ) and the nine-month period ended October 30, 2015 (the  first three quarters of fiscal 2016 ) were each comprised of 273 days. 
     
  For the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we had net sales of $500.1 million, operating loss of $20.1 million and a net loss of $37.0 million.  Sales increased during the third quarter of fiscal 2017 over the same period in fiscal 2016 primarily due to the effect of new stores opened in fiscal 2017, an increase in same-store sales of 0.8% and the full quarter effect of new stores opened in fiscal 2016.  Third quarter of fiscal 2017 results were positively impacted by decrease in shrinkage and higher product margin compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as further discussed in  Results of Operations   Third Quarter Ended October 28, 2016 Compared to Third Quarter Ended October 30, 2015   Gross Profit  and negatively impacted by higher payroll-related expenses as further discussed in  Results of Operations   Third Quarter Ended October 28, 2016 Compared to Third Quarter Ended October 30, 2015   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses .  For the first three quarters of fiscal 2017, we had net sales of $1,509.5 million, operating loss of $46.6 million and a net loss of $97.3 million.  Sales increased during the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 over the same period in fiscal 2016 primarily due to the full year effect of new stores opened in fiscal 2016, the effect of new stores opened in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 and an increase in same-store sales of 0.6%.  
     
  The senior leadership team continues to focus on key strategies designed to enable us to profitably scale our business while continuing to meet the needs of our customers. These areas are discussed in detail under Item 1,  Business Our Business Strategy  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016.  
     
  In the first three quarters of fiscal 2017, we opened four new stores in California and closed one store in Texas upon the expiration of a lease. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, we currently intend to open one new store.   Also during the fourth quarter, we expect to close five retail stores in California upon the expiration of their respective lease terms. We believe that our near term growth will primarily result from new store openings in our existing territories and increases in same-store sales, driven in part by our ongoing initiatives to enhance the customer shopping experience. 
     
   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
     
  Our critical accounting policies reflecting management s estimates and judgments are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016.  Since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016, there have been no other significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates.  
     
   Results of Operations   
     
  The following discussion defines the components of the  statement of income. 
     
 36   

Table of Contents   
     
   Net Sales:   Revenue is recognized at the point of sale in our stores ( retail sales ).  Bargain Wholesale sales revenue is recognized in accordance with the shipping terms agreed upon on the purchase order.  Bargain Wholesale sales are typically recognized free on board origin, where title and risk of loss pass to the buyer when the merchandise leaves our distribution facility. 
     
   Cost of Sales   :  Cost of sales includes the cost of inventory, freight-in, obsolescence, spoilage, scrap and inventory shrink, and is net of discounts and allowances.  Cost of sales also includes receiving, warehouse costs and distribution costs (which include payroll and associated costs, occupancy, transportation to and from stores and depreciation expense).  Cash discounts for satisfying early payment terms are recognized when payment is made, and allowances and rebates based upon milestone achievements, such as reaching a certain volume of purchases of a vendor s products, are included as a reduction of cost of sales when such contractual milestones are reached or based on other systematic and rational approaches where possible. 
     
   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   :  Selling, general and administrative expenses include the costs of selling merchandise in stores (which include payroll and associated costs, occupancy and other store-level costs) and corporate costs (which include payroll and associated costs, occupancy, advertising, professional fees and other corporate administrative costs).  Selling, general and administrative expenses also include depreciation and amortization expense relating to these costs. 
     
   Other (Income) Expense:   Other (income) expense relates primarily to interest expense on our debt and capitalized and financing leases and loss on extinguishment of debt. 
     
  The following table sets forth selected income statement data, including such data as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated (percentages may not add up due to rounding):  

37   

Table of Contents   
     
   Third Quarter Ended October 28, 2016 Compared to Third Quarter Ended October 30, 2015   
     
   Net sales.    Total net sales increased $8.7 million, or 1.8%, to $500.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, from $491.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  Net retail sales increased $9.4 million, or 1.9%, to $489.9 million in the third  quarter of fiscal 2017, from $480.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  Bargain Wholesale net sales decreased by $0.7 million, or 6.2%, to $10.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, from $10.9 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  The $9.4 million increase in net retail sales was primarily due to the effect of new stores opened in fiscal 2017, a 0.8% increase in same-store sales and the full quarter effect of new stores opened in fiscal 2016.  Same-store sales increased 0.8% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2016, with higher average ticket of 1.1% offset by lower customer traffic of 0.3%.  The increase in same-store sales was primarily due to higher sales from fresh offerings, as a result of increased product availability and improved in-stock levels due to improvements in the allocation and replenishment system and the expansion of our partnership with a third party produce distributors. In addition, seasonal sales increased as a result of a high-quality merchandise assortment and a uniform merchandising strategy. 
     
   Gross profit.    Gross profit increased $13.5 million, or 10.2%, to $145.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, from $131.7 million in the third quarter of 2016.  As a percentage of net sales, overall gross margin increased to 29.0% in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, from 26.8% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  Overall gross profit was positively impacted by a decrease in inventory shrinkage. Shrinkage improved by 100 basis points compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2016 based on positive trends in recent physical counts that we believe was driven by ongoing initiatives that identify and reduce shrinkage, including loss prevention efforts and adherence to disciplined inventory management processes.  Product margin increased by 70 basis points compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as a result of lower inbound freight and duty costs.  Distribution and transportation expenses decreased by 40 basis points primarily due to lower transportation costs.  The remaining change was attributable to other less significant items included in costs of sales. 
     
   Selling, general and administrative expenses.    Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $18.1 million, or 12.3%, to $165.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, from $147.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 33.0% for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 from 29.9% for the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  The 310 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily driven by an increase in payroll-related expenses. Payroll-related expenses were higher by 160 basis points primarily due to an increase in the minimum wage in California which went into effect in January 2016 as well as higher performance compensation expenses. In addition, the third quarter of fiscal 2016 included a $5.4 million gain on the sale of a cold storage distribution facility, which lowered prior year third quarter selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales by 110 basis points and resulted in an unfavorable comparison to the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 were also negatively impacted by an estimates sales tax audit liability of 50 basis points. 
     
   Goodwill impairment.    During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we recorded a best estimate of $120.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge relating to the retail reporting unit. The significant changes in assumptions that, in part, led to the goodwill impairment included decreases in new store expansion for all future years, slower sales growth from new store additions and gross margin compression.  The goodwill impairment charge did not adversely affect our debt position, cash flow, liquidity or compliance with financial covenants. See Note 1 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for more information related to the goodwill impairment. 
     
   Operating loss.    Operating loss was $20.1 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to operating loss of $135.5 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  Operating loss as a percentage of net sales was (4.0)% in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to operating loss of (27.6)% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  The decrease in operating loss as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to a favorable comparison to prior year that included a goodwill impairment charge as well as changes in gross margin and selling, general, and administrative expenses, as discussed above. 
     
   Interest expense.    Interest expense was $16.9 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to interest expense of $16.5 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  Interest expense was higher primarily due to interest expense on financing leases and amortization of debt issuance costs. 
     
   Provision for income taxes.   The provision for income taxes was less than $0.1 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to an income tax provision of $0.6 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  The effective income tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 was a provision rate of (0.1)% compared to a provision rate of (0.4)% for the third quarter 2016.  The effective tax rates differ from statutory rates primarily due to the effect of not recognizing the benefit of losses incurred in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016 in jurisdictions where we concluded it is more likely than not that such benefits would not be realized and a valuation allowance established in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.  See Note 10 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the valuation allowance established in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 against the deferred tax assets and the implications of that allowance on the assessment of our conclusions on realization of the tax benefits of losses incurred in fiscal 2017.  Income taxes for interim periods are computed using the effective tax rate estimated to be applicable for the full fiscal year.  The 
     
 38   

Table of Contents   
     
  estimated effective tax rate for the entire year is based on current estimates and any changes to those estimates in future periods could result in an effective tax rate that is materially different from the current estimate.  
     
   Net loss.    As a result of the items discussed above, net loss for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 was $37.0 million compared to net loss of $152.6 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  Net loss as a percentage of net sales was (7.4)% for the third quarter of fiscal 2017, compared to net loss of (31.1)% for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. 
     
   First Three Quarters Ended October 28, 2016 Compared to First Three Quarters Ended October 30, 2015   
     
   Net sales.    Total net sales increased $23.3 million, or 1.6%, to $1,509.5 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017, from $1,486.2 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  Net retail sales increased $26.4 million, or 1.8%, to $1,479.1 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017, from $1,452.7 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  Bargain Wholesale net sales decreased by $3.1 million, or 9.2%, to $30.4 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017, from $33.5 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  The $26.4 million increase in net retail sales is primarily due to the full year effect of new stores opened in fiscal 2016, the effect of new stores opened in fiscal 2017 and an increase in same-store sales of 0.6%.  Same-store sales increased 0.6% compared to the first three quarters of fiscal 2016, with higher average ticket of 0.8% offset by lower customer traffic of 0.1%.  The increase in same-store sales was primarily due to higher sales from produce offerings, as a result of better product availability and improved in-stock levels due to improvements in the allocation and replenishment system and expansion of our partnership with a third party produce distributors. These improvements were partially offset by lower seasonal sales due to the overlapping of significant inventory purchases in fiscal 2016, which increased sales but led to excess inventory levels in stores, and prompted ongoing initiatives to clear excess on-hand seasonal inventory through promotions and mark-downs. 
     
   Gross profit.    Gross profit increased $11.2 million, or 2.6%, to $435.3 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017, from $424.2 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  As a percentage of net sales, overall gross margin increased to 28.8% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 from 28.5% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  Product margin increased by 10 basis points compared to the first three quarters of fiscal 2016, due to lower inbound freight and duty costs offset by higher product costs, driven in part by our efforts to reduce seasonal inventory through inventory clearance initiatives.  Inventory shrinkage was flat compared to the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  We have a number of key initiatives underway to identify and reduce shrinkage including loss prevention efforts, adherence to disciplined inventory management processes and the ongoing implementation of a store perpetual inventory system.  Distribution and transportation expenses were flat compared to the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  The remaining change was attributable to other less significant items included in costs of sales. 
     
   Selling, general and administrative expenses  .  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $30.0 million, or 6.7%, to $481.9 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017, from $451.9 million in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 31.9% for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 from 30.4% for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  The 150 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily driven by an increase in payroll-related expenses. Payroll-related expenses were higher by 110 basis points primarily due to an increase in the minimum wage in California which went into effect in January 2016 as well as higher performance compensation expenses.  Third quarter of fiscal 2016 included a gain of $5.4 million realized on the sale of a cold storage distribution facility that lowered selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales in fiscal 2016 and resulted in an unfavorable comparison in fiscal 2017.  In addition, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales increased due to higher outside services and an estimated sales tax audit liability.  These increases were partially offset by charges recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 relating to previously capitalized real estate development costs expensed as a result of cancelled projects, which elevated selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales in fiscal 2016 and resulted in a favorable comparison in fiscal 2017. 
     
   Goodwill impairment.    During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we recorded a best estimate of $120.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge relating to the retail reporting unit. Significant changes in assumptions that led to the goodwill impairment included decreases in new store expansion for all future years, slower sales growth from new store additions and gross margin compression.  The goodwill impairment charge did not adversely affect our debt position, cash flow, liquidity or compliance with financial covenants. See Note 1 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     
   Operating loss.    Operating loss was $46.6 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 compared to operating loss of $147.7 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  Operating loss as a percentage of net sales was (3.1)% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 compared to operating loss of (9.9)% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  The decrease in operating loss as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to favorable comparison to prior year that included a goodwill impairment charge as well as changes in gross margin and selling, general, and administrative expenses, as discussed above. 
     
   Interest expense and loss on extinguishment of debt.    Interest expense was $50.2 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 compared to interest expense of $49.3 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  Interest expense was higher primarily 
     
 39   

Table of Contents   
     
  due to amortization of debt issuance costs and interest expense on financing leases.  Loss on extinguishment of debt was $0.3 million relating to the amendment of the ABL Facility (as defined below) in April 2016.  
     
   Provision for income taxes.   The provision for income taxes was $0.1 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 compared to an income tax provision of $32.6 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  The effective income tax rate for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 was a provision rate of (0.2)% compared to a provision rate of (16.5)% for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  The change in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the effect of not recognizing the benefit of losses incurred in the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 in jurisdictions where we concluded it is more likely than not that such benefits would not be realized and a valuation allowance established in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  See Note 10 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the valuation allowance established in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 against the deferred tax assets and the implications of that allowance on the assessment of our conclusions on realization of the tax benefits of losses incurred in fiscal 2017.  Income taxes for interim periods are computed using the effective tax rate estimated to be applicable for the full fiscal year.  The estimated effective tax rate for the entire year is based on current estimates and any changes to those estimates in future periods could result in effective tax rate that is materially different from the current estimate. 
     
   Net loss.    As a result of the items discussed above, net loss for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 was $97.3 million compared to net loss of $229.6 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016.  Net loss as a percentage of net sales was (6.4)% for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 compared to net loss of (15.4)% for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016. 
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
  Our capital requirements consist primarily of purchases of inventory, expenditures related to new store openings, investments in information technology and supply chain infrastructure, working capital requirements for new and existing stores, including lease obligations, and debt service requirements.   Our primary sources of liquidity are the net cash flow from operations and availability under our ABL Facility (as defined below), which we believe will be sufficient to fund our regular operating needs and principal and interest payments on our indebtedness for at least the next 12 months.  Availability under the ABL Facility (as defined below)  is not expected to affect our ability to make immediate buying decisions, willingness to take on large volume purchases or ability to pay cash or accept abbreviated credit terms. 
     
  As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we held $2.4 million in cash, and our total indebtedness was $887.2 million,  consisting of gross borrowings under the First Lien Term Loan Facility (as defined below) of $595.4 million, borrowings under the ABL Facility (as defined below) of $41.8 million and $250.0 million of our Senior Notes (as defined below).  As of October 28, 2016, availability under the ABL Facility (as defined below) (subject to the borrowing base) was $48.6 million and, subject to certain limitations and the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the receipt of commitments for additional borrowings, we were also permitted to incur up to an aggregate of $50.0 million of additional borrowings pursuant to incremental facilities under the First Lien Term Loan Facility and up to an aggregate of $25.0 million of additional revolving commitments (subject to the borrowing base) pursuant to the ABL Facility (as defined below).  The First Lien Term Loan Facility matures on January 13, 2019, and our Senior Notes mature on December 15, 2019.  While the maturity date of our ABL Facility (as defined below) has been conditionally extended to April 8, 2021 in connection with the Fourth Amendment, such extension resulted in higher interest rates and, if our First Lien Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes are not refinanced or amended to extend the final maturity dates thereof to a date that is at least 180 days after April 8, 2021, our ABL Facility (as defined below) will mature on the earlier of (i) the date that is 90 days prior to the stated maturity date in respect of our First Lien Term Loan Facility and (ii) the date that is 90 days prior to the stated maturity date in respect of the Senior Notes.  We may pursue a refinancing of our other long-term obligations, but potential volatility and challenges in the then-current capital markets, including conditions affecting borrowing costs, could limit our ability to refinance at favorable terms, and could have a material adverse impact on our future financial condition.  We also have, and will continue to have, significant lease obligations.  As of October 28, 2016, our minimum annual rental obligations under long-term operating leases for the remainder of fiscal 2017 are $19.6 million.  These obligations are significant and could affect our ability to pursue significant growth initiatives, such as strategic acquisitions, in the future.  However, we expect to be able to service these obligations from our net cash flow from operations, and we do not expect these obligations to negatively affect our expansion plans for the foreseeable future, including our plans to increase our store count, planned upgrades to our information technology systems and other planned capital expenditures. 
     
   Credit Facilities   
     
  On January 13, 2012 (the  Original Closing Date ), in connection with the Merger, we obtained Credit Facilities provided by a syndicate of lenders arranged by Royal Bank of Canada as administrative agent, as well as other agents and lenders that are parties to the agreements governing these Credit Facilities.  The Credit Facilities include (a) our first lien asset-based revolving credit facility (as amended, the  ABL Facility ), and (b) our first lien term loan facility (as amended, the  First Lien Term Loan Facility  and together with the ABL Facility, the  Credit Facilities ).  
     
 40   

Table of Contents   
     
   First Lien Term Loan Facility   
     
  Under the First Lien Term Loan Facility, (i) $525.0 million of term loans were incurred on the Original Closing Date and (ii) $100.0 million of additional term loans were incurred pursuant to an incremental facility effected through an amendment entered into on October 8, 2013 (the  Second Amendment ) (all such term loans, collectively, the  Term Loans ).  The First Lien Term Loan Facility has a term of seven years with a maturity date of January 13, 2019.  All obligations under the First Lien Term Loan Facility are guaranteed by Parent and our direct or indirect 100% owned subsidiaries (with customary exceptions, including immaterial subsidiaries) (collectively, the  Credit Facilities Guarantors ).  In addition, the First Lien Term Loan Facility is secured by pledges of certain of our equity interests and the equity interests of the Credit Facilities Guarantors.  
     
  We are required to make scheduled quarterly payments each equal to 0.25% of the principal amount of the Term Loans, with the balance due on the maturity date.  Borrowings under the First Lien Term Loan Facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at the Company s option, either (i) a base rate (the  Base Rate ) determined by reference to the highest of (a) the interest rate in effect determined by the administrative agent as the  Prime Rate  (3.50% as of October 28, 2016), (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (c) an adjusted Eurocurrency rate for one month (determined by reference to the greater of the Eurocurrency rate for the interest period subject to certain adjustments) plus 1.00%, or (ii) an adjusted Eurocurrency Rate.  
     
  On April 4, 2012, we amended the terms of the First Lien Term Loan Facility (the  First Amendment ) and incurred related refinancing costs of $11.2 million.  The First Amendment, among other things, (i) decreased the applicable margin from London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 5.50% (or Base Rate plus 4.50%) to LIBOR plus 4.00% (or Base Rate plus 3.00%) and (ii) decreased the LIBOR floor from 1.50% to 1.25%.  
     
  On October 8, 2013, we entered into the Second Amendment which among other things, (i) provided $100.0 million of additional term loans as described above, (ii) decreased the applicable margin from LIBOR plus 4.00% (or Base Rate plus 3.00%) to LIBOR plus 3.50% (or Base Rate plus 2.50%) and (iii) decreased the LIBOR floor from 1.25% to 1.00%.  We will continue to be required to make scheduled quarterly payments each equal to 0.25% of the amended principal amount of the Term Loans (approximately $1.5 million).  
     
  In addition, the Second Amendment (i) amended certain restricted payment provisions, (ii) removed the maximum capital expenditures covenant from the agreement governing the First Lien Term Loan Facility, (iii) modified the existing provision restricting our ability to make dividend and other payments so that from and after March 31, 2013, the permitted payment amount represents the sum of (a) a calculation based on 50% of Consolidated Net Income (as defined in the First Lien Term Loan Facility agreement), if positive, or a deficit of 100% of Consolidated Net Income, if negative, and (b) $20 million, and (iv) permitted proceeds of any sale leasebacks of any assets acquired after January 13, 2012, to be reinvested in our business without restriction.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016, the interest rate charged on the First Lien Term Loan Facility was 4.50% (1.00% Eurocurrency rate, plus the Eurocurrency loan margin of 3.50%).  As of October 28, 2016, the gross amount outstanding under the First Lien Term Loan Facility was $595.4 million.  
     
  Following the end of each fiscal year, we are required to make prepayments on the First Lien Term Loan Facility in an amount equal to (i) 50% of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the agreement governing the First Lien Term Loan Facility), with the ability to step down to 25% and 0% upon achievement of specified total leverage ratios, minus (ii) the amount of certain voluntary prepayments made on the First Lien Term Loan Facility and/or the ABL Facility during such fiscal year.  There was no Excess Cash Flow payment required for fiscal 2016.  
     
  The First Lien Term Loan Facility includes certain customary restrictions, among other things, on our ability and the ability of Parent, the Credit Facilities Guarantors (including our subsidiary 99 Cents Only Stores Texas Inc.) and certain future subsidiaries of ours to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, make certain restricted payments, acquisitions or investments, materially change our business, incur or permit to exist certain liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, sell assets, make capital expenditures or merge or consolidate with or into, another company.  As of October 28, 2016, we were in compliance with the terms of the First Lien Term Loan Facility.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016, various funds affiliated with Ares and CPPIB held approximately $130.9 million, respectively, of term loans under the First Lien Term Loan Facility.  From time to time, these or other affiliated funds may hold additional term loans. The terms of these term loans are the same as those held by unaffiliated third party lenders under the First Lien Term Loan Facility.  
     
   ABL Facility   
     
  The ABL Facility initially was to mature on January 13, 2017 and provided for up to $175.0 million of borrowings, subject to certain borrowing base limitations. Subject to certain conditions, we could increase the commitments under the ABL Facility by up to $50.0 million.  All obligations under the ABL Facility are guaranteed by Parent and the other Credit Facilities Guarantors.  The ABL Facility is secured by substantially all of our assets and the assets of the Credit Facilities Guarantors.  
     
 41   

Table of Contents   
     
  Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest at a rate based, at our option, on (i) LIBOR plus an applicable margin to be determined (3.00% as of October 28, 2016) or (ii) the determined base rate (Prime Rate) plus an applicable margin to be determined (2.00% at October 28, 2016), in each case based on a pricing grid depending on average daily excess availability for the most recently ended quarter.  
     
  In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Credit Facilities, we are required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the ABL Facility on unused commitments.  The commitment fee is adjusted at the beginning of each quarter based upon the average historical excess availability of the prior quarter (0.50% for the quarter ended October 28, 2016).  We must also pay customary letter of credit fees and agency fees.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016, borrowings under the ABL Facility were $41.8 million, outstanding letters of credit were $31.6 million and availability under the ABL Facility subject to the borrowing base, was $48.6 million. As of January 29, 2016, borrowings under the ABL Facility were $47.8 million, outstanding letters of credit were $2.5 million and availability under the ABL Facility subject to the borrowing base, was $90.9 million.  
     
  The ABL Facility includes restrictions on our ability and the ability of Parent and certain of our subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, pay dividends on, or redeem or repurchase, its capital stock, make certain acquisitions or investments, materially change its business, incur or permit to exist certain liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, sell assets or merge or consolidate with or into another company.  
     
  On October 8, 2013, we amended the ABL Facility to, among other things, modify the provision restricting our ability to make dividend and other payments .  Such payments are subject to achievement of Excess Availability (as defined in the agreement governing the ABL Facility) and a ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the agreement governing the ABL Facility) to fixed charges. 
     
  On August 24, 2015, we amended the ABL Facility to increase commitments available under ABL Facility by $10.0 million, resulting in an aggregate ABL Facility size of $185.0 million.  The additional commitments implemented pursuant to the amendment have terms identical to the existing commitments under the ABL Facility, including as to interest rate and other pricing terms. We paid amendment fees of $0.5 million to lenders under the ABL Facility.  
     
  In addition, the amendment to the ABL Facility (a) modifies certain springing covenants triggered by reference to excess availability under the ABL Facility agreement so that, from August 24, 2015 to April 30, 2016, the occurrence of any such excess availability trigger is determined solely by reference to the available borrowing base under the ABL Facility rather than by reference to the lesser of the available borrowing base and the available aggregate commitments under the ABL Facility, (b) increases the inventory advance rate during such period for purposes of calculating the borrowing base from 90% to 92.5%, (c) provides for certain additional inspection rights by the administrative agent if there is a material increase in the amount of inventory that is not eligible inventory for purposes of the borrowing base and (d) provides for certain additional technical waivers and amendments in order to effect the foregoing.  
     
  On April 8, 2016, we amended the ABL Facility to, among other things, decrease the commitments available under the ABL Facility by $25.0 million, resulting in an aggregate facility size of $160.0 million, and extend the maturity date of the ABL Facility to April 8, 2021; provided however, the ABL Facility will mature on the earlier of (i) the date that is 90 days prior to the stated maturity date in respect of the First Lien Term Loan Facility and (ii) the date that is 90 days prior to the stated maturity date in respect of the Senior Notes, unless the First Lien Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes have been repaid or refinanced in full or amended to extend the final maturity dates thereof to a date that is at least 180 days after April 8, 2021 (the date of such repayment or refinancing, the  Term/Notes Refinancing Date  (such amendment, the  Fourth Amendment ).  The Fourth Amendment also modified the interest rate margins payable under the ABL Facility.  The initial applicable margin for borrowings under the ABL Facility is 2.0% with respect to base rate borrowings and 3.0% with respect to Eurocurrency rate borrowings.  Commencing with the first day of the first fiscal quarter commencing after the closing of the Fourth Amendment, the applicable margin for borrowings thereunder is subject to adjustment each fiscal quarter, based on average historical excess availability during the preceding fiscal quarter.  Furthermore, the applicable margin will be reduced by 0.50% after the Term/Notes Refinancing Date.  
     
  In addition, the Fourth Amendment (i) reduced the incremental revolving commitment capacity from $50.0 million to $25.0 million, but provides that any such incremental revolving commitment may take the form of a  last-out  term loan, (ii) added restrictions on certain negative covenants in respect of investments, restricted payments and prepayments of indebtedness, including the First Lien Term Loan Facility and the Senior Notes, in each case, until the occurrence of Term/Notes Refinancing Date, (iii) reduced the letter of credit sublimit from $50.0 million to $45.0 million and (iv) provided for certain additional technical waivers and amendments in order to effect the foregoing.  
     
  In connection with the Fourth Amendment and in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately $0.3 million related to a portion of the unamortized debt issuance costs. We recorded $4.7 million of  
     
 42   

Table of Contents   
     
  debt issuance costs in connection with the Fourth Amendment in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as part of non-current deferred financing costs.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016, we were in compliance with the terms of the ABL Facility.  
     
   Senior Notes   
     
  On December 29, 2011, we issued $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 11% Senior Notes that mature on December 15, 2019 (the  Senior Notes ).  The Senior Notes are guaranteed by the same subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Facilities.  
     
  Pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the Senior Notes (the  Indenture ), we may redeem all or a part of the Senior Notes at certain redemption prices that vary based on the date of redemption.  We are not required to make any mandatory redemptions or sinking fund payments, and may at any time or from time to time purchase notes in the open market.  
     
  The Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, create or incur certain liens, pay dividends or make other restricted payments and investments, incur restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions from restricted subsidiaries, sell assets, engage in transactions with affiliates, or merge or consolidate with other companies.  As of October 28, 2016, we were in compliance with the terms of the Indenture.  
     
  As of October 28, 2016, various funds affiliated with Ares and CPPIB have collectively acquired $102.1 million aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes in open market transactions.  From time to time, these or other affiliated funds may acquire additional Senior Notes.  
     
   Cash Flows   
     
   Operating Activities   

Cash provided by operating activities during the first  three quarters  of fiscal 2017 was $7.9 million and consisted of (i) net loss of $97.3 million; (ii) net loss adjustments for depreciation and other non-cash items of $60.2 million; (iii) an increase in working capital activities of $41.0 million; and (iv) an increase in other activities of $4.0 million, primarily due to an increase in other long-term liabilities.  The increase in working capital activities was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and a decrease in inventory as a result of the focused effort on inventory and supply chain efficiencies. 
     
 43   

Table of Contents   
     
  Cash provided by operating activities during the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 was $1.8 million and consisted of (i) net loss of $229.6 million; (ii) net loss adjustments for depreciation, deferred taxes, goodwill impairment and other non-cash items of $204.7 million; (iii) an increase in working capital activities of $21.7 million; and (iv) an increase in other activities of $5.0 million, primarily due to increased deferred rent and other long-term liabilities.  The increase in working capital activities was primarily due to a decrease in inventory and income taxes receivable, partially offset by decreases in accounts payable.  
     
   Investing Activities   

Capital expenditures in the  first three quarters  of fiscal 2017 consisted of leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment for new store openings, information technology projects and other capital projects of $35.3 million. 
     
  Capital expenditures in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 consisted of leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment for new store openings, information technology projects and other capital projects of $55.7 million. Proceeds from sale of fixed assets primarily relate to the sale of held for sale properties and a sale-leaseback transaction.  
     
  We estimate that total capital expenditures through the end of the current fiscal year will increase to approximately $45 million to $47 million, compared to the previous estimate for the fiscal year of $35 million to $40 million.  This increase in expenditures is primarily due to the expansion of our store refresh initiative in the Phoenix market, an option to purchase a piece of surplus real estate and additional expenditures on store signage and maintenance.  The current estimate is comprised of approximately $30 million to $32 million for leasehold improvements and fixtures and equipment for new and existing stores, and approximately $15 million primarily related to information technology upgrades and supply chain infrastructure maintenance.  We may fund a portion of the capital expenditures through divestitures of surplus assets and sale-leaseback transactions.  Our capital expenditures guidance excludes anticipated expenditures associated with the rebuild of one store in the Los Angeles area that was impacted by a fire in May 2016.  We expect to recover a substantial portion of the capital expenditures associated with the rebuild through insurance reimbursements.  
     
   Financing Activities   

Net cash provided in financing activities in the  first three quarters of fiscal  2017 was comprised primarily of proceeds from financing lease obligations associated with sale-leaseback transactions and net debt borrowings under the ABL Facility, partially offset by repayment of debt under the First Lien Term Loan Facility and payments of debt issuance costs associated with the amendment of the ABL Facility.  In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company sold and concurrently licensed (through February 28, 2017) a warehouse facility in the City of Commerce, California with a carrying value of $12.1 million and received net proceeds from this transaction of $28.5 million. Additional information regarding sale of the warehouse facility is contained in Note 11 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. Additional information regarding sale-leaseback transactions is contained in Note 1 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     
 44   

Table of Contents   
     
  Net cash provided by financing activities in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 was comprised primarily of net borrowings under the ABL Facility and proceeds from the financing lease obligations associated with sale-leaseback transactions, partially offset by repayments of borrowings under the First Lien Term Loan Facility.  
     
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  As of October 28, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.  
     
   Contractual Obligations   
     
  A summary of our contractual obligations as of January 29, 2016 is provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016.  During the first  three quarters of fiscal 2017, except as discussed below, there were no material changes in our contractual obligations previously disclosed. 
     
   On April 8, 2016, we amended the ABL Facility as described in  Note 5 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
     
   Lease Commitments   
     
  We lease various facilities under operating leases (except for one location classified as a capital lease and seven locations classified as financing leases), which will expire at various dates through fiscal year 2035.  Most of the lease agreements contain renewal options and/or provide for fixed rent escalations or increases based on the Consumer Price Index.  Total minimum lease payments under each of these lease agreements, including scheduled increases, are charged to operations on a straight-line basis over the term of each respective lease.  Most leases require us to pay property taxes, maintenance and insurance. Rental expense (including property taxes, maintenance and insurance) charged to operations for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was $25.3 million and $24.3 million, respectively. Rental expense charged to operations for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was $75.2 million and $71.7 million, respectively. We typically seek leases with a five-year to ten-year initial term and with multiple five-year renewal options.  A large majority of our store leases were entered into with multiple renewal periods, which are typically five years and occasionally longer.  
     
   Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations   
     
  We have historically experienced and expect to continue to experience some seasonal fluctuations in our net sales, operating income, and net income.  During the quarters that have included the Halloween, Christmas and Easter selling seasons, we have historically experienced higher net sales and higher operating income.  Our quarterly results of operations may also fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of other factors, including the timing of certain of these holidays, the timing of new store openings and the merchandise mix.  
     
   New Authoritative Standards   
     
  Information regarding new authoritative standards is contained in Note 14 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for the quarter ended October 28, 2016 which is incorporated herein by this reference.  
     
 45   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     
     
  We are exposed to interest rate risk for our debt borrowings.  
     
   Our primary interest rate exposure relates to outstanding principal amounts under our Credit Facilities.  As of October 28, 2016, we had variable rate borrowings of $595.4 million under our First Lien Term Loan Facility and $41.8 million under our ABL Facility.  The Credit Facilities provide interest rate options based on certain indices as described in Note 5 to our  Unaudited  Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by this reference. 
     
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to limit the variability of cash flows associated with interest payments on the First Lien Term Loan Facility that result from fluctuations in the LIBOR rate.  The swap limited our interest exposure on a notional value of $261.8 million to 1.36% plus an applicable margin of 3.50% as described in Note 6 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by this reference.  The fair value of the swap on the trade date was zero as we neither paid nor received any value to enter into the swap, which was entered into at market rates.  The term of the swap was from November 29, 2013 through May 31, 2016.  
     
  A change in interest rates on our variable rate debt impacts our pre-tax earnings and cash flows.  Based on our variable rate borrowings, the annualized effect of a 1% increase in applicable interest rates would have resulted in an increase in our pre-tax loss and a decrease in cash flows of approximately $1.4 million for the three months ended October 28, 2016.  
     
 46   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 4. Controls and Procedures     
     
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
     
  Our management, with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, has been appropriately recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis and are effective in ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as a result of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for deferred income taxes described below, our controls and procedures were not effective as of October 28, 2016.  
     
   Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting; Remediation Plan   
     
   Deferred Income Taxes   
     
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting related to our accounting for deferred income taxes.  Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls to identify items within the deferred tax balances that could be materially incorrect. We did not provide appropriate oversight of our third-party preparer. This material weakness resulted in various adjustments to our deferred tax accounts for fiscal 2016.  
     
  A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  The material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting was a result of not designing effective controls over the assessment of accounting for deferred income taxes as described above.  Notwithstanding this material weakness, management has concluded that the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended January 29, 2016 and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for all periods and dates presented.  In addition, while the material weakness resulted in the audit adjustments during our fourth quarter ended January 29, 2016, it did not result in any material misstatements of our consolidated financial statements or disclosures for any interim periods during, or for the annual periods of, fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 or transition fiscal 2014.  
     
  In order to remediate this material weakness and further strengthen the overall controls surrounding the Company s accounting for income taxes, we have taken, and are taking, several steps to improve the overall processes and controls in our tax function.  We have supplemented our accounting and tax professionals with additional personnel with expertise in accounting for deferred taxes; and are continuing to redesign and enhance our income tax review procedures to include a more robust reconciliation of the deferred tax balances.  
     
  Based on the foregoing processes and remediation measures, management believes that the above mentioned control deficiencies will be remediated, but the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively.  Management may take additional measures over time to address this material weakness or modify the remediation plan described above.  
     
  We are committed to a strong internal control environment and will continue to review the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and other disclosure controls and procedures.  
     
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
     
  In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we implemented the Ceridian Dayforce Human Capital Management system, which includes both a payroll and benefits system.  The implementation of this payroll system involved changes to our financial systems and also necessitated changes to our internal controls over financial reporting.  Specifically, we modified our controls over business processes that were impacted by the new system, including user access security, automated workflow, transaction authorization, system reporting, and reconciliation procedures.  
     
  Except as described above, during the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we did not make any changes that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.  
     
 47   

Table of Contents   
     
   PART II    OTHER INFORMATION     
     
   Item 1.    Legal Proceedings     
     
  Information regarding legal proceedings is contained in Note 11 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for the quarter ended October 28, 2016 under the heading  Legal Matters,  which is incorporated herein by reference.  
     
   Item 1A.  Risk Factors     
     
  Reference is made to Item 1A. Risk Factors, in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016 for information regarding the most significant factors affecting our operations.  As of October 28, 2016, there have been no material changes to the Risk Factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016.  
     
   Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     
     
  None  
     
   Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities     
     
  None  
     
   Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures     
     
  None  
     
   Item 5.   Other Information     
     
  None  
     
 48   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 6.   Exhibits     

*     Filed herewith.  
  **   Furnished herewith.  
     
  (1) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2013.  
  (2) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2016.  
     
 49   

Table of Contents   
     
   SIGNATURE     
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC            

Date: December 9,   2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/Felicia Thornton           

Felicia Thornton           

Chief Financial Officer   and Treasurer              
     
 50   

Table of Contents   
     
   EXHIBIT INDEX   

*                    Filed herewith. 
  **             Furnished herewith. 
     
  (1)            Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2013. 
  (2)            Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2016. 
     
 51   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a16-18879_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1   
     
   Certification of   
   Chief Executive Officer   
   of 99 Cents Only Stores LLC   
     
  I, Geoffrey J. Covert, certify that:  
     
  1.             I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of 99 Cents Only Stores LLC;  
     
  2.             Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.             Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.             The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  (a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  (b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  (c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5.             The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  (a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     
  Date:  December 9, 2016  

By:       
 
  /s/   Geoffrey J. Covert       

Geoffrey   J. Covert, President and Chief Executive Officer       

1   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a16-18879_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2   
     
   Certification of   
   Chief Financial Officer   
   of 99 Cents Only Stores LLC   
     
  I, Felicia Thornton, certify that:  
     
  1.             I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of 99 Cents Only Stores LLC;  
     
  2.             Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.             Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.             The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  (a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  (b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  (c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5.             The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  (a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     
  Date: December 9, 2016  

By:       
 
  /s/   Felicia Thornton       

Felicia   Thornton, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer       

1   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a16-18879_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF   
   CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
   OF 99     CENTS  ONLY STORES LLC  
     
  This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and accompanies the quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the  Report ) for the period ended October 28, 2016 of 99 Cents Only Stores LLC (the  Issuer ).  
     
  I, Geoffrey J. Covert, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer certify that to the best of my knowledge:  
     
  (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and  
     
  (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer.  
     
  Date:  December 9, 2016  

By:       
 
  /s/ Geoffrey J. Covert       

Geoffrey J. Covert,   President and Chief Executive Officer       

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C 1350) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  
     
 1   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a16-18879_1ex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF   
   CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
   OF 99     CENTS  ONLY STORES LLC  
     
  This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and accompanies the quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the  Report ) for the period ended October 28, 2016 of 99 Cents Only Stores LLC (the  Issuer ).  
     
  I, Felicia Thornton, the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer certify that to the best of my knowledge:  
     
  (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and  
     
  (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer.  
     
  Date:  December 9, 2016  

By:       
 
  /s/ Felicia Thornton       

Felicia Thornton, Chief   Financial Officer and Treasurer       

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C 1350) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  
     
 1   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ncso-20161028.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ncso-20161028.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ncso-20161028_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ncso-20161028_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ncso-20161028_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ncso-20161028_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

