<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1230058_0000892626-16-000589_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1750094</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72692</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>155553</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>305223</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>688470</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>484117</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>10</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000892626-16-000589.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114135113
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000892626-16-000589
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KAANAPALI LAND LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001230058
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LAND SUBDIVIDERS & DEVELOPERS (NO CEMETERIES) [6552]
		IRS NUMBER:				010731997
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50273
		FILM NUMBER:		161993395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O JMB REALTY CORP
		STREET 2:		900 NORTH MICHIGAN AVE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-915-1987

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 NORTH MICHIGAN AVE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000892626-16-000589.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 kaana-10q20160930.htm
 KAANAPALI LAND, LLC - FORM 10-Q - 9/30/16

United States 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

[  X  ] Quarterly Report
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly
period ended   September 30, 2016  

or 

[     ]       Transition
Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period from _______ to __________ 

Commission
file    #0-50273   

KAANAPALI LAND, LLC  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Registrant's telephone number, including
area code:  312-915-1987  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act ) during the preceding 12 months (or for such a shorter period that registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes [   ]    No [ X ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-5 ( ' 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes
[ X ]    No [   ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
      [    ]  
       
      Accelerated filer  
      [     ]  

Non-accelerated filer  
      [    ]  
       
      Smaller reporting company  
      [ X ]  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [   ]    No [ X ] 

As of November 14, 2016, the registrant
had 1,792,613 shares of Common Shares and 52,000 Class C Shares outstanding. 

1   

       Table of Contents   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      3  

Item 2.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      20  

Item 4.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
      23  

Part II  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
      24  

Item 1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
      24  

Item 6.  
       
       Exhibits   
      24  

SIGNATURES    
      25  

2   

       Table of Contents   

Part I.  Financial Information  

         Item
1.  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

KAANAPALI LAND, LLC  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015  

  (Dollars in Thousands, except share
data)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3   

       Table of Contents   

KAANAPALI LAND, LLC  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in Thousands, except per share
data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4   

       Table of Contents   

KAANAPALI LAND, LLC  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in Thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5   

       Table of Contents   

KAANAPALI LAND, LLC  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in Thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6   

       Table of Contents   

KAANAPALI LAND, LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

(Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in Thousands)  

(1)  Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies   

Organization and
Basis of Accounting  

Kaanapali Land, LLC
( Kaanapali Land ), a Delaware limited liability company, is the reorganized entity resulting from the Joint Plan of
Reorganization of Amfac Hawaii, LLC (now known as KLC Land Company, LLC ( KLC Land )), certain of its subsidiaries (together
with KLC Land, the  KLC Debtors ) and FHT Corporation ( FHTC  and, together with the KLC Debtors, the  Debtors )
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, dated June 11, 2002 (as amended, the  Plan ). 

The Company's continuing
operations are in two business segments - Agriculture and Property. The Agriculture segment remains engaged in farming, harvesting,
milling and selling operations relating to coffee orchards on behalf of the applicable land owners. The Property segment primarily
develops land for sale and negotiates bulk sales of undeveloped land. The Property and Agriculture segments operate exclusively
in the State of Hawaii. 

In 2013, the Kaanapali
Coffee Farms Lot Owners  Association was consolidated into the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The interests
of third party owners are reflected as non controlling interests. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
for complete financial statements, and therefore, should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File
No. 0-50273) for the year ended December 31, 2015. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this quarterly report have the
same meanings as in the Company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Property   

The Company's significant
property holdings are on the island of Maui consisting of approximately 4,000 acres, of which approximately 1,500 acres is classified
as conservation land which precludes development. The Company has determined, based on its current projections for the development
and/or disposition of its property holdings, that the property holdings are not currently recorded in an amount in excess of proceeds
that the Company expects that it will ultimately obtain from the operation and disposition thereof. 

7   

       Table of Contents   

Inventory of land
held for sale, of approximately $7,026 and $11,245, representing primarily Kaanapali Coffee Farms, was included in Property,
net in the consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and is carried at
the lower of cost or fair market value, which is based on current and foreseeable market conditions, discussions with
real estate brokers and review of historical land sale activity (level 2 and 3). Generally no land is currently in use except
for approximately 400 acres of coffee trees which are being farmed to support the Company's land development program and
miscellaneous parcels of land that have been leased or licensed to third parties on a short term basis. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 

Operating results
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved
in future periods. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers
as cash equivalents all investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased. The Company s cash balances are
maintained primarily in two financial institutions. Restricted cash represents cash held by the Kaanapali Coffee Farms Lot Owners 
Association. At times, such balances may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. Management does not
believe the Company is exposed to significant risk of loss on cash and cash equivalents. 

Recognition of
Profit From Real Property Sales  

For real property
sales, profit is recognized in full when the collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured and the earnings process is
virtually complete. When the sale does not meet the requirements for full profit recognition, all or a portion of the profit is
deferred until such requirements are met. 

Other revenues are
recognized when delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability
is reasonably assured. 

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance under the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
606, Revenue from Contract with Customers, which establishes a single comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts
with customers and will supersede most existing revenue guidance. This guidance requires entities to recognize revenue to depict
the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects
to be entitled to receive in exchange. Transition options include either a full or modified retrospective approach and early adoption
is permitted. The implementation date for this guidance was recently deferred and will now be effective at the beginning of our
first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this requirement on our Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

8   

       Table of Contents   

In February 2015, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic
810) that amends the existing consolidation guidance related to (i) limited partnerships and similar legal entities, (ii) the evaluation
of variable interests for fees paid to decision makers or service providers, (iii) the effect of fee arrangements and related parties
on the primary beneficiary determination and (iv) certain investment funds. These changes are expected to limit the number of consolidation
models and place more emphasis on risk of loss when determining a controlling financial interest. This ASU is effective for fiscal
years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. There was no material effect
on the Company s financial position or results of operations from the adoption of this ASU. 

In May 2015, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate
Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent), as a new Topic, Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820. Under this new
guidance, investments measured at net asset value ( NAV ), as a practical expedient for fair value, are excluded from
the fair value hierarchy. Removing investments measured using the practical expedient from the fair value hierarchy is intended
to eliminate the diversity in practice that currently exists with respect to the categorization of these investments. The only
criterion for categorizing investments in the fair value hierarchy will be the observability of the inputs. This ASU is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and shall be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. There was no
material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations from the adoption of this ASU. 

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets
and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. For public business entities,
the standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. For all other entities, the standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early application of the amendments in this update is permitted for
all entities. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that implementation of this update will have on its consolidated financial
position and results of operations upon adoption. 

(2)  Land Development  

During the first
quarter of 2006, the Company received final subdivision approval on an approximate 336 acre parcel in the region
 mauka  (toward the mountains) from the main highway serving the area. This project, called Kaanapali Coffee Farms,
consists of 51 agricultural lots, which are currently being offered to individual buyers. The land improvements were
completed during 2008. As of September 30, 2016, the Company sold forty-one lots at Kaanapali Coffee Farms including two
lots during the third quarter of 2016 for the aggregate purchase price of $1,845, one during the second quarter of 2016, three
during the first quarter of 2016 and four in 2015. In conjunction with the sale of four lots sold in prior years and one lot
sold in 2016, in addition to cash proceeds, the Company received promissory notes. As of September 30, 2016, $2,027
remains outstanding, including $777 of a note received in the third quarter of 2016. 

On January 7, 2016 KLC
Holding Corp. ( KLC ) and various of its subsidiaries ( KLC Subsidiaries ) entered into a sales agreement
( KLC Sales Agreement ) with an unrelated third party for the sale of substantially all of the remaining real property
and related assets of the Registrant on the island of Maui, along with the stock and membership interests of certain KLC Subsidiaries
(the  KLC Sales Property ). The KLC Sales Agreement called for a scheduled sales price for the KLC Sales Property of
approximately $95 million, before costs of sale, as adjusted for certain revenues and expenditures of the KLC Subsidiaries. 

9   

       Table of Contents   

By virtue of the buyer s
failure to deliver its  Acceptance Notice  prior to the expiration of the  Due Diligence Period  in accordance
with the terms of the KLC Sales Agreement, the KLC Sales Agreement terminated. On July 8, 2016, the buyer asked the escrow
agent to return buyer s deposit. 

On December 23, 2015 Pioneer
Mill Company, LLC entered into a property sales agreement with an unrelated third party for the sale of the Pioneer Mill Site ( Mill
Site Sales Agreement ) which called for a sales price of $20.5 million (before costs of sale, including commissions) and
had a scheduled closing date of May 31, 2016, as extended. On April 19, 2016, the buyer gave notice they would not be proceeding
with the purchase and thereby terminated the Mill Site Sales Agreement. 

(3)  Mortgage Note Payable  

Certain subsidiaries
of Kaanapali Land are jointly indebted to Kaanapali Land pursuant to a certain Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount
of $70,000 dated November 14, 2002, and due September 30, 2020, as extended. Such note had an outstanding balance of
principal and accrued interest as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 of approximately $87,200 and $87,200, respectively.
The interest rate currently is 1.19% per annum and compounds semi-annually. The note, which is prepayable, is secured by substantially
all of the remaining real property owned by such subsidiaries, pursuant to a certain Mortgage, Security Agreement and Financing
Statement, dated as of November 14, 2002 and placed on record in December 2002. The note has been eliminated in the consolidated
financial statements because the obligors are consolidated subsidiaries of Kaanapali Land. 

(4)  Employee Benefit Plans

The Company participates
in a defined benefit pension plan that covers substantially all its eligible employees. The Pension Plan is sponsored and maintained
by Kaanapali Land in conjunction with other plans providing benefits to employees of Kaanapali Land and its affiliates. 

The components of the net
periodic pension benefit (credit), included in selling, general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

10   

       Table of Contents   

The Company recognizes
the over funded or under funded status of its employee benefit plans as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position
and recognizes changes in its funded status in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. Included in accumulated
other comprehensive income at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are the following amounts that have not yet been
recognized in net periodic pension cost: unrecognized prior service costs of $1 ($1 net of tax) and $18 ($11 net of tax), respectively,
and unrecognized actuarial loss of $16,397 ($10,002 net of tax) and $17,129 ($10,449 net of tax), respectively. The prior service
cost and actuarial loss recognized in net periodic pension cost for the nine months ending September 30, 2016 are $3 ($2 net
of tax) and $732 ($447 net of tax), respectively. 

Reference is made
to footnote 10 regarding the purchase of a single premium group annuity contract covering substantially all of the Pension Plan s
benefit obligations. 

The Company maintains
a nonqualified deferred compensation arrangement (the  Rabbi Trust ) which provides certain former directors of Amfac
and their spouses with pension benefits. The Rabbi Trust invests in marketable securities and cash equivalents (Level 1). The deferred
compensation liability of $711 represented in the Rabbi Trust and assets funding such deferred compensation liability of $29 are
consolidated in the Company's balance sheet. 

(5)  Income Taxes  

Federal tax return
examinations have been completed for all years through 2005 and for the year 2013. The statutes of limitations have run for the
tax years 2006 through 2011. The statutes of limitations with respect to the Company's taxes for 2012, as well as 2014 and 2015
remain open, subject to possible utilization of loss carryforwards from earlier years. The Company believes adequate provisions
for income tax have been recorded for all years, although there can be no assurance that such provisions will be adequate. To the
extent that there is a shortfall, any such shortfall for which the Company could be liable could be material. 

(6)  Transactions with Affiliates  

An affiliated insurance
agency, JMB Insurance Agency, Inc., which has some degree of common ownership with the Company, earns insurance brokerage commissions
in connection with providing the placement of insurance coverage for certain of the properties and operations of the Company. Such
commissions are believed by management to be comparable to those that would be paid to such affiliate insurance agency in similar
dealings with unaffiliated third parties. Commissions paid for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $12
and $8, respectively. 

The Company reimburses
their affiliates for general overhead expense and for direct expenses incurred on its behalf, including salaries and salary-related
expenses incurred in connection with the management of the Company's operations. Generally, the entity that employs the person
providing the services receives the reimbursement. Substantially all of such reimbursable amounts were incurred by JMB Realty Corporation
or its affiliates, 900 Financial Management Services, LLC, and JMB Financial Advisors, LLC, during 2016 and 2015, all of which
have some degree of common ownership with the Company. The total costs recorded in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $961 and $921,
respectively, of which $176 was unpaid as of September 30, 2016. 

11   

       Table of Contents   

The Company derives
revenue from farming and common area maintenance services and for providing non-potable water to the Kaanapali Coffee Farms Lot
Owners Association ( LOA ). The LOA is the association of the owners of the Kaanapali Coffee Farms. The revenues were
$888 and $789 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Such revenue is recognized in the Agriculture
Segment as disclosed in footnote 9 Business Segment Information. The 2016 and 2015 amounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 

(7)  Commitments and Contingencies  

At September 30,
2016, the Company has no principal contractual obligations related to the land improvements in conjunction with Phase I of the
Kaanapali Coffee Farms project. 

On November 23, 2015,
the SEC contacted Kaanapali Land regarding the Company s compliance with the reporting requirements under Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as the Company is delinquent on its annual and interim SEC filings. In light of this letter,
Kaanapali Land is unable to determine whether the SEC might pursue some future action related to this matter. 

Material legal proceedings
of the Company are described below. Unless otherwise noted, the parties adverse to the Company in the legal proceedings described
below have not made a claim for damages in a liquidated amount and/or the Company believes that it would be speculative to attempt
to determine the Company's exposure relative thereto, and as a consequence believes that an estimate of the range of potential
loss cannot be made. Any claims that were not filed on a timely basis under the Plan have been discharged by the Bankruptcy Court
and thus the underlying legal proceedings should not result in any liability to the Debtors. All other claims have been satisfied.
Proceedings against subsidiaries or affiliates of Kaanapali Land that are not Debtors were not stayed by the Plan and were permitted
to proceed. However, two such subsidiaries, Oahu Sugar Company, LLC ( Oahu Sugar ) and D/C Distribution Corporation
( D/C ), filed subsequent petitions for liquidation under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code in April 2005 and July
2007, respectively, as described below. As a consequence of the Chapter 7 filings, both subsidiaries are not under control
of the Company. 

As a result of an administrative
order issued to Oahu Sugar by the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ), Order No. CH 98-001, dated January 27, 1998,
Oahu Sugar was engaged in environmental site assessment of lands it leased from the U.S. Navy and located on the Waipio Peninsula.
Oahu Sugar submitted a Remedial Investigation Report to the HDOH. The HDOH provided comments that indicated that additional testing
may be required. Oahu Sugar responded to these comments with additional information. On January 9, 2004, the Environmental Protection
Agency ( EPA ) issued a request to Oahu Sugar seeking information related to the actual or threatened release of hazardous
substances, pollutants and contaminants at the Waipio Peninsula portion of the Pearl Harbor Naval Complex National Priorities List
Superfund Site. The request sought, among other things, information relating to the ability of Oahu Sugar to pay for or perform
a clean up of the land formerly occupied by Oahu Sugar. Oahu Sugar responded to the information requests and had notified both
the Navy and the EPA that while it had some modest remaining cash that it could contribute to further investigation and remediation
efforts in connection with an overall settlement of the outstanding claims, Oahu Sugar was substantially without assets and would
be unable to make a significant contribution to such an effort. Attempts at negotiating such a settlement were fruitless and Oahu
Sugar received an order from EPA in March 2005 that would purport to require certain testing and remediation of the site. As Oahu
Sugar was substantially without assets, the pursuit of any action, informational, enforcement, or otherwise, would have had a material
adverse effect on the financial condition of Oahu Sugar. Counsel for the trustee, EPA, the Navy, and for Fireman s Fund,
one of Kaanapali Land s insurers, are exploring ways in which to conclude the Oahu Sugar bankruptcy. There are no assurances
that such an agreement can be reached. 

12   

       Table of Contents   

Therefore, as a result
of the pursuit of further action by the HDOH and EPA as described above and the immediate material adverse effect that the actions
had on the financial condition of Oahu Sugar, Oahu Sugar filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court, Northern District of Illinois,
Eastern Division its voluntary petition for liquidation under Chapter 7 of Title 11, United States Bankruptcy Code. Such
filing is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company as Oahu Sugar was substantially without assets at the time
of the filing. While it is not believed that any other affiliates have any responsibility for the debts of Oahu Sugar, the EPA
has indicated that it intends to make a claim against Kaanapali Land as further described below, and therefore, there can be no
assurance that the Company will not incur significant costs in conjunction with such claim. 

The deadline for filing
proofs of claim with the bankruptcy court passed in April 2006. Prior to the deadline, Kaanapali Land, on behalf of itself and
certain subsidiaries, filed claims that aggregated approximately $224,000, primarily relating to unpaid guarantee obligations made
by Oahu Sugar that were assigned to Kaanapali Land pursuant to the Plan on the Plan Effective Date. In addition, the EPA and the
U.S. Navy filed a joint proof of claim that seeks to recover certain environmental response costs relative to the Waipio Peninsula
site discussed above. The proof of claim contained a demand for previously spent costs in the amount of approximately $260, and
additional anticipated response costs of between approximately $2,760 and $11,450. No specific justification of these costs, or
what they are purported to represent, was included in the EPA/Navy proof of claim. Due to the insignificant amount of assets remaining
in the debtor's estate, it is unclear whether the United States Trustee who has taken control of Oahu Sugar will take any action
to contest the EPA/Navy claim, or how it will reconcile such claim for the purpose of distributing any remaining assets of Oahu
Sugar. 

EPA has sent three requests
for information to Kaanapali Land regarding, among other things, Kaanapali Land's organization and relationship, if any, to entities
that may have, historically, operated on the site and with respect to operations conducted on the site. Kaanapali Land responded
to these requests for information. By letter dated February 7, 2007, pursuant to an allegation that Kaanapali Land is a successor
to Oahu Sugar Company, Limited, a company that operated at the site prior to 1961 ( Old Oahu ), EPA advised Kaanapali
that it believes it is authorized by the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act ( CERCLA )
to amend the existing Unilateral Administrative Order against Oahu Sugar Company, LLC, for the clean up of the site to include
Kaanapali Land as an additional respondent. The purported basis for the EPA's position is that Kaanapali Land, by virtue of certain
corporate actions, is jointly and severally responsible for the performance of the response actions, including, without limitation,
clean-up at the site. No such amendment has taken place as of the date hereof. Instead, after a series of discussions between Kaanapali
and the EPA, on or about September 30, 2009, the EPA issued a Unilateral Administrative Order to Kaanapali Land for the performance
of work in support of a removal action at the former Oahu Sugar pesticide mixing site located on Waipio peninsula. The work consists
of the performance of soil and groundwater sampling and analysis, a topographic survey, and the preparation of an engineering evaluation
and cost analysis of potential removal actions to abate an alleged  imminent and substantial endangerment  to public
health, welfare or the environment. The order appears to be further predicated primarily on the alleged connection of Kaanapali
Land to Old Oahu and its activities on the site. Kaanapali Land is currently performing work, including the conduct of sampling
at the site, required by the order while reserving its rights to contest liability regarding the site. With regard to liability
for the site, Kaanapali Land believes that its liability, if any, should 

13   

       Table of Contents   

relate solely to a portion of the period of
operation of Old Oahu at the site, although in some circumstances CERCLA apparently permits imposition of joint and several liability,
which can exceed a responsible party's equitable share. Kaanapali Land believes that the U.S. Navy bears substantial liability
for the site by virtue of its ownership of the site throughout the entire relevant period, both as landlord under its various leases
with Oahu Sugar and Old Oahu and by operating and intensively utilizing the site directly during a period when no lease was in
force. The Company believes that the cost of the work as set forth in the current order will not be material to the Company as
a whole; however, in the event that the EPA were to issue an order requiring remediation of the site, there can be no assurances
that the cost of said remediation would not ultimately have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition, if there is
litigation regarding the site, there can be no assurance that the cost of such litigation will not be material or that such litigation
will result in a judgment in favor of the Company. Currently, Kaanapali and the EPA are exchanging comments relative to further
studies to be performed at the site, including a possible ecological risk assessment. Kaanapali expects that after a further review,
the next phase is likely a consideration of the remedial alternatives for the Site. 

On February 11,
2015, the Company filed a complaint for declaratory judgment, bad faith and damages against Fireman s Fund Insurance Company
( Fireman s Fund ) in the Circuit Court of the First Circuit, State of Hawaii, Civil No. 15-1-0239-02, in connection
with costs and expenses it has incurred or may incur in connection with the Waipio site. In the five-count complaint, the Company
seeks, among other things, a declaratory judgment of its rights under various Fireman s Fund policies and an order that Fireman s
Fund defend and indemnify Kaanapali Land from all past, present and future costs and expenses in connection with the site, including
costs of investigation and defense incurred by Kaanapali and the professionals it has engaged. In addition, Kaanapali seeks general,
special, and punitive damages, prejudgment and post judgment interest, and such other legal or equitable relief as the court deems
just and proper. Fireman s Fund has not yet filed a responsive pleading. There are no assurances of the amounts of insurance
proceeds that may or may not be ultimately recovered. 

Kaanapali Land, as successor
by merger to other entities, and D/C have been named as defendants in personal injury actions allegedly based on exposure to asbestos.
While there are relatively few cases that name Kaanapali Land, there were a substantial number of cases that were pending against
D/C on the U.S. mainland (primarily in California). Cases against Kaanapali Land (hereafter,  Kaanapali Land asbestos cases )
are allegedly based on its prior business operations in Hawaii and cases against D/C are allegedly based on sale of asbestos-containing
products by D/C's prior distribution business operations primarily in California. Each entity defending these cases believes that
it has meritorious defenses against these actions, but can give no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of these cases. The defense
of these cases has had a material adverse effect on the financial condition of D/C as it has been forced to file a voluntary petition
for liquidation as discussed below. Kaanapali Land does not believe that it has liability, directly or indirectly, for D/C's obligations
in those cases. Kaanapali Land does not presently believe that the cases in which it is named will result in any material liability
to Kaanapali Land; however, there can be no assurance in that regard. 

14   

       Table of Contents   

On February 12, 2014,
counsel for Fireman s Fund, the carrier that has been paying defense costs and settlements for the Kaanapali Land asbestos
cases, stated that it would no longer advance fund settlements or judgments in the Kaanapali Land asbestos cases due to the pendency
of the D/C and Oahu Sugar bankruptcies. In its communications with Kaanapali Land, Fireman s fund expressed its view that
the automatic stay in effect in the D/C bankruptcy case bars Fireman s Fund from making any payments to resolve the Kaanapali
Land asbestos claims because D/C Distribution is also alleging a right to coverage under those policies for asbestos claims against
it. However, in the interim, Fireman s Fund advised that it presently intends to continue to pay defense costs for those
cases, subject to whatever reservations of rights may be in effect and subject further to the policy terms. Fireman s Fund
has also indicated that to the extent that Kaanapali Land cooperates with Fireman s Fund in addressing settlement of the
Kaanapali Land asbestos cases through coordination with its adjusters, it is Fireman s Fund s present intention to
reimburse any such payments by Kaanapali Land, subject, among other things, to the terms of any lift-stay order, the limits and
other terms and conditions of the policies, and prior approval of the settlements. Kaanapali Land continues to pursue discussions
with Fireman s Fund in an attempt to resolve the issues, however, Kaanapali Land is unable to determine what portion, if
any, of settlements or judgments in the Kaanapali Land asbestos cases will be covered by insurance. 

On February 15, 2005,
D/C was served with a lawsuit entitled American   Foreign Insurance Company v. D/C Distribution and Amfac Corporation, Case
No. 04433669 filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of San Francisco, Central Justice Center. No
other purported party was served. In the eight-count complaint for declaratory relief, reimbursement and recoupment of unspecified
amounts, costs and for such other relief as the court might grant, plaintiff alleged that it is an insurance company to whom D/C
tendered for defense and indemnity various personal injury lawsuits allegedly based on exposure to asbestos containing products.
Plaintiff alleged that because none of the parties have been able to produce a copy of the policy or policies in question, a judicial
determination of the material terms of the missing policy or policies is needed. Plaintiff sought, among other things, a declaration:
of the material terms, rights, and obligations of the parties under the terms of the policy or policies; that the policies were
exhausted; that plaintiff is not obligated to reimburse D/C for its attorneys' fees in that the amounts of attorneys' fees incurred
by D/C have been incurred unreasonably; that plaintiff was entitled to recoupment and reimbursement of some or all of the amounts
it has paid for defense and/or indemnity; and that D/C breached its obligation of cooperation with plaintiff. D/C filed an answer
and an amended cross-claim. D/C believed that it had meritorious defenses and positions, and intended to vigorously defend. In
addition, D/C believed that it was entitled to amounts from plaintiffs for reimbursement and recoupment of amounts expended by
D/C on the lawsuits previously tendered. In order to fund such action and its other ongoing obligations while such lawsuit continued,
D/C entered into a Loan Agreement and Security Agreement with Kaanapali Land, in August 2006, whereby Kaanapali Land provided certain
advances against a promissory note delivered by D/C in return for a security interest in any D/C insurance policy at issue in this
lawsuit. In June 2007, the parties settled this lawsuit with payment by plaintiffs in the amount of $1,618. Such settlement amount
was paid to Kaanapali Land in partial satisfaction of the secured indebtedness noted above. 

15   

       Table of Contents   

Because D/C was substantially
without assets and was unable to obtain additional sources of capital to satisfy its liabilities, D/C filed with the United States
Bankruptcy Court, Northern District of Illinois, its voluntary petition for liquidation under Chapter 7 of Title 11, United
States Bankruptcy Code during July 2007, Case No. 07-12776. Such filing is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the
Company as D/C was substantially without assets at the time of the filing. Kaanapali Land filed claims in the D/C bankruptcy that
aggregated approximately $26,800, relating to both secured and unsecured intercompany debts owed by D/C to Kaanapali Land. In addition,
a personal injury law firm based in San Francisco that represents clients with asbestos-related claims, filed proofs of claim on
behalf of approximately two thousand claimants. While it is not likely that a significant number of these claimants have a claim
against D/C that could withstand a vigorous defense, it is unknown how the trustee will deal with these claims. It is not expected,
however, that the Company will receive any material additional amounts in the liquidation of D/C. 

On or about April 28,
2015, eight litigants who filed asbestos claims in California state court (hereinafter,  Petitioners ) filed a motion
for relief from the automatic stay in the D/C bankruptcy (hereinafter  life stay motion ). Under relevant provisions
of the bankruptcy rules and on the filing of the D/C bankruptcy action, all pending litigation claims against D/C were stayed pending
resolution of the bankruptcy action. In their motion, Petitioners asked the bankruptcy court to lift the stay in the bankruptcy
court to name D/C and/or its alternate entities as defendants in their respective California state court asbestos actions and to
satisfy their claims against insurance policies that defend and indemnify D/C and/or their alternate entities. The Petitioner s
motion to lift stay thus in part has as an objective ultimate recovery, if any, from, among other things, insurance policy proceeds
that were allegedly assets of both the D/C and Oahu Sugar bankruptcy estates. As noted above, Kaanapali, the EPA, and the Navy
are claimants in the Oahu Sugar bankruptcy and the Fireman s Fund policies are allegedly among the assets of the Oahu Sugar
bankruptcy estate as well. For this and other reasons, Kaanapali, the EPA and the Navy opposed the motion to lift stay. After briefing
and argument, on May 14, 2015, the United States Bankruptcy Court, for the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division,
in In Re D/C Distribution, LLC, Bankruptcy Case No. 07-12776, issued an order lifting the stay. In the order, the court permitted
the Petitioners to  proceed in the applicable nonbankruptcy forum to final judgment (including any appeals) in accordance
with applicable nonbankruptcy law. Claimants are entitled to settle or enforce their claims only by collecting upon any available
insurance Debtor s liability to them in accordance with applicable nonbankruptcy law. No recovery may be made directly against
the property of Debtor, or property of the bankruptcy estate.  Kaanapali, Firemen s Fund and the United States appealed
the bankruptcy court order lifting the stay. In March 2016, the district court reversed the bankruptcy court order finding that
the bankruptcy court did not apply relevant law to the facts in the case to arrive at a reasoned decision. On appeal the district
court noted that the law requires consideration of a number of factors when lifting a stay to permit certain claims to proceed,
including consideration of the adequacy of remaining insurance to meet claims still subject to the stay. Among other things, the
court noted that the bankruptcy court failed to explain why it was appropriate for the petitioners to liquidate their claims before
the other claimants whose claims remained subject to the stay. The district court remanded the case for further proceedings. It
is uncertain whether such further proceedings on the lift stay will take place. 

The parties in the D/C
and Oahu Sugar bankruptcies have reached out to each other to determine if there is any interest in pursuing a global settlement
of the claims in the Oahu Sugar and D/C bankruptcies insofar as the Fireman s Fund insurance policies are concerned. If such
discussions take place, they may take the form of a mediation or other format and involve some form of resolution of Kaanapali s
interest in various of the Fireman s Fund insurance policies for Kaanapali s various and future insurance claims. Kaanapali
may consider entering into such discussions, but there is no assurance that such discussions will take place or prove successful
in resolving any of the claims in whole or in part. 

16   

       Table of Contents   

The Company has received
notice from Hawaii s Department of Land and Natural Resources ( DNLR ) that DNLR on a periodic basis would inspect
all significant dams and reservoirs in Hawaii, including those maintained by the Company on Maui in connection with its agricultural
operations. A series of such inspections have taken place over the period from 2006 through the most recent inspections that occurred
in October 2014. To date, the DLNR has cited certain deficiencies concerning two of the Company s reservoirs relating to
dam and reservoir safety standards established by the State of Hawaii. These deficiencies include, among other things, vegetative
overgrowth, erosion of slopes, uncertainty of inflow control, spillway capacity, and freeboard. The Company has taken certain corrective
actions as well as updating important plans to address emergency events and basic operations and maintenance. In 2012, the State
of Hawaii issued new Hawaii Administrative Rules for Dams and Reservoirs which require dam owners to obtain from DLNR Certificates
of Impoundment ( permits ) to operate and maintain dams or reservoirs. Obtaining such permits requires owners to completely
resolve all cited deficiencies. Therefore, the process may involve further analysis of dam and reservoir safety requirements, which
would likely involve hiring specialized engineering consultants, and ultimately could result in significant and costly improvements
which may be material to the Company. 

The DLNR categorizes
the reservoirs as  high hazard  under State of Hawaii Administrative Rules and State Statutes concerning dam and reservoir
safety. This classification, which bears upon government oversight and reporting requirements, may increase the cost of managing
and maintaining these reservoirs in a material manner. The Company does not believe that this classification is warranted for either
of these reservoirs and has initiated a dialogue with DLNR in that regard. In April 2008, the Company received further correspondence
from DLNR that included the assessment by their consultants of the potential losses that result from the failure of these reservoirs.
In April 2009, the Company filed a written response to DLNR to correct certain factual errors in its report and to request further
analysis on whether such  high hazard  classifications are warranted. It is unlikely that the  high hazard 
designation will be changed. 

Other than as described
above, the Company is not involved in any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental
to its business. The Company and/or certain of its affiliates have been named as defendants in several pending lawsuits. While
it is impossible to predict the outcome of such routine litigation that is now pending (or threatened) and for which the potential
liability is not covered by insurance, the Company is of the opinion that the ultimate liability from any of this litigation will
not materially adversely affect the Company's consolidated results of operations or its financial condition. 

The Company often seeks
insurance recoveries under its policies for costs incurred or expected to be incurred for losses or claims under which the policies
might apply. While payouts from various coverages are being sought and may be recovered in the future, no anticipatory amounts
have been reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Kaanapali Land Management
Corp. (KLMC) is a party to an agreement with the State of Hawaii for the development of the Lahaina Bypass Highway. An approximate
2.4 mile portion of this two lane state highway has been completed. The more significant portion remains uncompleted. Under certain
circumstances, which have not yet occurred, KLMC remains committed for approximately $1,100 of various future costs relating to
the planning and design of the uncompleted portion of the Bypass Highway. Under certain conditions, which have not yet been met,
KLMC has agreed to contribute an amount not exceeding $6,700 toward construction costs. Any such amount contributed would be reduced
by the value of KLMC s land actually contributed to the State for the Bypass Highway. 

17   

       Table of Contents   

These potential commitments
have not been reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. While the completion of the Bypass Highway would
add value to KLMC s lands north of the town of Lahaina, there can be no assurance that it will be completed or when any future
phases will be undertaken. 

(8)  Calculation of Net Income
(Loss) Per Share  

The following tables
set forth the computation of net income (loss) per share - basic and diluted: 

(9)  Business Segment Information  

As described in Note
1, the Company operates in two business segments. Total revenues and operating profit by business segment are presented in the
tables below. 

Total revenues by
business segment includes primarily (i) sales, all of which are to unaffiliated customers and (ii) interest income that is earned
from outside sources on assets which are included in the individual industry segment's identifiable assets. 

Operating income (loss)
is comprised of total revenue less cost of sales and operating expenses. In computing operating income (loss), none of the following
items have been added or deducted: general corporate revenues and expenses, interest expense and income taxes. 

18   

       Table of Contents   

The Company s
property segment consists primarily of revenue received from land sales and lease and licensing agreements. 

The Company s
agricultural segment consists primarily of coffee operations. 

The Company is exploring
alternative agricultural operations, but there can be no assurance that replacement operations at any level will result. 

(10)       Subsequent
Events  

On October 6, 2016 the
Pension Plan entered into an agreement with Pacific Life Insurance Company ( Pacific Life ), a third party insurance
company, to transfer the obligation to pay benefits to approximately 1,330 retired members and beneficiaries currently receiving
monthly benefits from the Pension Plan, and to approximately 168 members with deferred annuities under the Pension Plan, through
the purchase of a single premium group annuity contract. The action will settle approximately 96% of the Pension Plan s benefit
obligations. In order to fund the purchase, funds aggregating approximately $39.7 million were transferred to Pacific Life Insurance
Company on October 11, 2016. Upon consummation of this purchase, the Pension Plan will no longer have an obligation to pay
benefits to those members and beneficiaries. 

In the fourth quarter of
2016 the Company expects to recognize a non-cash accumulated other comprehensive loss, after tax, of approximately $2.7 million.
Substantially all of the resultant total after tax accumulated other comprehensive loss of approximately $13 million will be recognized
in accumulated earnings in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

The Company does not consider
the excess assets of the Pension Plan (which are expected to approximate $15 million after the above noted transaction) to be a
source of liquidity due to the substantial cost, including Federal income tax consequences, associated with liquidating the Pension
Plan. 

19   

       Table of Contents   

Part I.  Financial Information

Item
2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operation   

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

General  

In addition to historical
information, this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations about its businesses and the markets in which the Company
operates. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
or other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may
be affected by various factors including, without limitation, changes in international, national and Hawaiian economic conditions,
competitive market conditions, uncertainties and costs related to the imposition of conditions on receipt of governmental approvals
and costs of material and labor, and actual versus projected timing of events all of which may cause such actual results to differ
materially from what is expressed or forecast in this report. 

Certain subsidiaries
of Kaanapali Land are jointly indebted to Kaanapali Land pursuant to a certain Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount
of $70 million, dated November 14, 2002, and due September 30, 2020, as extended. Such note had an outstanding balance of
principal and accrued interest as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 of approximately $87 million and $87 million,
respectively. The interest rate currently is 1.19% per annum and compounds semi-annually. The note, which is prepayable, is secured
by substantially all of the remaining real property owned by such subsidiaries, pursuant to a certain Mortgage, Security Agreement
and Financing Statement, dated as of November 14, 2002 and placed on record in December 2002. The note has been eliminated in the
consolidated financial statements because the obligors are consolidated subsidiaries of Kaanapali Land. 

In addition to such
Secured Promissory Note, certain other subsidiaries of Kaanapali Land continue to be liable to Kaanapali Land under certain guarantees
(the  Guarantees ) that they had previously provided to support certain Senior Indebtedness (as defined in the Plan)
and the Certificate of Land Appreciation Notes ( COLA Notes ) formerly issued by Amfac/JMB Hawaii, Inc. (as predecessor
to KLC Land). Although such Senior Indebtedness and COLA Notes were discharged under the Plan, the Guarantees of the Non-Debtor
KLC Subsidiaries were not. Thus, to the extent that the holders of the Senior Indebtedness and COLA Notes did not receive payment
on the outstanding balance thereof from distributions made under the Plan, the remaining amounts due thereunder remain obligations
of the Non-Debtor KLC Subsidiaries under the Guarantees. Under the Plan, the obligations of the Non-Debtor KLC Subsidiaries under
such Guarantees were assigned by the holders of the Senior Indebtedness and COLA Notes to Kaanapali Land on the Plan Effective
Date. Kaanapali Land has notified each of the Non-Debtor KLC Subsidiaries that are liable under such Guarantees that their respective
guarantee obligations are due and owing and that Kaanapali Land reserves all of its rights and remedies in such regard. Given the
financial condition of such Non-Debtor KLC Subsidiaries, however, it is unlikely that Kaanapali Land will realize payments on such
Guarantees that are more than a small percentage of the total amounts outstanding thereunder or 

20   

       Table of Contents   

that in the aggregate will generate any
material proceeds to the Company. Nevertheless, Kaanapali Land has submitted a claim in the Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceeding of
Oahu Sugar in order that it may recover substantially all of the assets remaining in the bankruptcy estate, if any, that become
available for creditors of Oahu Sugar. Any amounts so received would not be material to the Company. These Guarantee obligations
have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements because the obligors are consolidated subsidiaries of Kaanapali Land,
which is now the sole obligee thereunder. 

Those persons and
entities that were not affiliated with the predecessor of Kaanapali Land and were holders of COLAs on the date that the Plan was
confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court, and their successors in interest, represent approximately 9% of the ownership of the Company. 

The Company had cash
and cash equivalents of approximately $22 million and $22 million, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively,
which is available for, among other things, working capital requirements, including future operating expenses in each of the Agriculture
and Property segments, and the Company's expenditures for engineering, planning, regulatory and development costs, drainage and
utilities, water storage and distribution, utilities, environmental remediation costs on existing and former properties, potential
liabilities resulting from tax audits, and existing and possible future litigation. 

The primary business
of Kaanapali Land is the investment in and development of the Company's assets on the Island of Maui. The various development plans
will take many years at significant expense to fully implement. Proceeds from land sales are the Company's only source of significant
cash proceeds and the Company's ability to meet its liquidity needs is dependent on the timing and amount of such proceeds. 

The Company's operations
have in recent periods been primarily reliant upon the net proceeds of sales of developed and undeveloped land parcels. 

During the first
quarter of 2006, the Company received final subdivision approval on an approximate 336 acre parcel in the region
 mauka  (toward the mountains) from the main highway serving the area. This project, called Kaanapali Coffee Farms,
consists of 51 agricultural lots, which are currently being offered to individual buyers. The land improvements were
completed during 2008. As of September 30, 2016, the Company sold forty-one lots at Kaanapali Coffee Farms including two
lots during the third quarter of 2016 for the aggregate purchase price of $1.8 million, one during the second quarter of 2016, three
during the first quarter of 2016 and four in 2015. In conjunction with the sale of four lots sold in prior years and one lot
sold in 2016, in addition to cash proceeds, the Company received promissory notes. As of September 30, 2016, $2 million
remains outstanding, including $0.8 million of a note received in the third quarter of 2016. 

On January 7, 2016 KLC
Holding Corp. ( KLC ) and various of its subsidiaries ( KLC Subsidiaries ) entered into a sales agreement
( KLC Sales Agreement ) with an unrelated third party for the sale of substantially all of the remaining real property
and related assets of the Registrant on the island of Maui, along with the stock and membership interests of certain KLC Subsidiaries
(the  KLC Sales Property ). The KLC Sales Agreement called for a scheduled sales price for the KLC Sales Property of
approximately $95 million, before costs of sale, as adjusted. 

By virtue of the buyer s
failure to deliver its  Acceptance Notice  prior to the expiration of the  Due Diligence Period  in accordance
with the terms of the KLC Sales Agreement, the KLC Sales Agreement terminated. On July 8, 2016, the buyer asked the escrow
agent to return buyer s deposit. 

21   

       Table of Contents   

On December 23, 2015 Pioneer
Mill Company, LLC entered into a property sales agreement with an unrelated third party for the sale of the Pioneer Mill Site ( Mill
Site Sales Agreement ) which called for a sales price of $20.5 million (before costs of sale, including commissions) and
had a scheduled closing date of May 31, 2016, as extended. On April 19, 2016, the buyer gave notice they would not be proceeding
with the purchase and thereby terminated the Mill Site Sales Agreement. 

On October 6, 2016 the
Pension Plan entered into an agreement with Pacific Life Insurance Company ( Pacific Life ), a third party insurance
company, to transfer the obligation to pay benefits to approximately 1,330 retired members and beneficiaries currently receiving
monthly benefits from the Pension Plan, and to approximately 168 members with deferred annuities under the Pension Plan, through
the purchase of a single premium group annuity contract. The action will settle approximately 96% of the Pension Plan s benefit
obligations. In order to fund the purchase, funds aggregating approximately $39.7 million were transferred to Pacific Life Insurance
Company on October 11, 2016. Upon consummation of this purchase, the Pension Plan will no longer have an obligation to pay
benefits to those members and beneficiaries. 

In the fourth quarter of
2016 the Company expects to recognize a non-cash accumulated other comprehensive loss, after tax, of approximately $2.7 million.
Substantially all of the resultant total after tax accumulated other comprehensive loss of approximately $13 million will be recognized
in accumulated earnings in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

The Company does not consider
the excess assets of the Pension Plan (which are expected to approximate $15 million after the above noted transaction) to be a
source of liquidity due to the substantial cost, including Federal income tax consequences, associated with liquidating the Pension
Plan. 

Although the Company
does not currently believe that it has significant liquidity problems over the near term, should the Company be unable to satisfy
its liquidity requirements from its existing resources and future property sales, it will likely pursue alternate financing arrangements.
However it cannot be determined at this time what, if any, financing alternatives may be available and at what cost. 

Results of Operations  

Reference is made
to the footnotes to the financial statements for additional discussion of items addressing comparability between years. 

Property, net decreased as of September 30,
2016 due to the sale of six lots during 2016. 

The decrease in other liabilities at September
30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015 is primarily due to the payment of certain previously recorded liabilities during
2016. 

The increase in sales and
cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is
primarily due to the sale of six lots during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to four lots during the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

22   

       Table of Contents   

Inflation   

Due to the lack of
significant fluctuations in the level of inflation in recent years, inflation generally has not had a material effect on real estate
development. 

In the future, high
rates of inflation may adversely affect real estate development generally because of their impact on interest rates. High interest
rates not only increase the cost of borrowed funds to the Company, but can also have a significant effect on the affordability
of permanent mortgage financing to prospective purchasers. However, high rates of inflation may permit the Company to increase
the prices that it charges in connection with real property sales, subject to general economic conditions affecting the real estate
industry and local market factors, and therefore may be advantageous where property investments are not highly leveraged with debt
or where the cost of such debt has been previously fixed. 

Item 4.  Controls
and Procedures   

Disclosure controls
and procedures.  The principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company have evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
(the  Exchange Act ) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the principal executive
officer and the principal financial officer have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective
to ensure that information required to be disclosed was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the applicable rules and form of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Internal control
over financial reporting.  There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

23   

       Table of Contents   

Part II.  Other Information  

Item 1.  Legal
Proceedings   

See Note 7 to the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I of this report. 

Item 1A. 
Risk Factors   

There has been no
known material changes from risk factors as previously disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. 

Item 6.  Exhibit

3.1  
      Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Kaanapali Land, LLC dated November 14, 2002 filed as an exhibit to the Company's report on Form 10 filed May 1, 2003 and hereby incorporated by reference.   

3.2  
      Amendment to the Amended and Restated Limited Company Agreement of Kaanapali Land, LLC dated November 14, 2002 filed as an exhibit to the Company's report on Form 8-K filed April 21, 2008 and hereby incorporated by reference.   

10.2  
      Restricted Share Agreement dated April 15, 2008 is filed as an exhibit to the Company's report on Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2008 and hereby incorporated by reference.   

31.1  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) is filed herewith.   

31.2  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) is filed herewith.   

32.  
      Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed herewith.   

24   

       Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

KAANAPALI LAND, LLC   

By:  
     
         Pacific Trail Holdings, LLC. 
         (sole member)   

/s/ GAILEN J. HULL    

By:  
      Gailen J. Hull, Senior Vice President   

Date:  
      November 14, 2016   

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kaana-exh311.htm
 CERTIFICATION - PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION  

I, Gary Nickele, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, of  Kaanapali Land, LLC ;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kaana-exh312.htm
 CERTIFICATION - PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION  

I, Gailen J. Hull, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, of  Kaanapali Land, LLC ;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 kaana-exh32.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 USC SEC 1350

Exhibit 32   

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The following statement
is provided by the undersigned with respect to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed pursuant to any provision of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any other securities law: 

Each of the undersigned
certifies that the foregoing Report on Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of  Kaanapali Land, LLC.  

Date:   November 14, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Gary Nickele  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Gailen J. Hull   

Gary Nickele 
         Chief Executive Officer  

Gailen J. Hull 
         Chief Financial Officer and 
         Principal Accounting Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 kanp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kanp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 kanp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kanp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kanp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kanp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

