<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_889971_0001387131-16-007957_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3518756</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105209</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>201271</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>805173</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1497431</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>841745</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-007957.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114164010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-007957
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				860708398
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27548
		FILM NUMBER:		161995420

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2603 CHALLENGER TECH CT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32826
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4073824003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-007957.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 lpth-10q_093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF   

  THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934             

For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016  

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF   

  THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934           

For the transition period from ___________
to ____________ 

Commission file number 000-27548  

LIGHTPATH
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

DELAWARE  
       
      86-0708398   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer   
 
     incorporation or organization) 
       
     Identification No.)  

http://www.lightpath.com 

2603 Challenger Tech Ct. Suite 100  

  Orlando, Florida 32826   

(Address of principal executive offices)  

 (Zip Code) 

(407) 382-4003   

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

  N/A  

(Former name, former address, and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES   NO   

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

YES   NO   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer        Accelerated filer        Non-accelerated
filer        Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES   NO   

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  

 Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  

 15,653,258 shares of common stock, Class
A, $.01 par value, outstanding as of November 11, 2016. 

LIGHTPATH
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

  Form 10-Q  

Index  

Item   

Page    

Part I   
       Financial Information   

Item 1  
      Financial Statements  

Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets   
       
      3   

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
       
      4   

Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity   
       
      5   

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
       
      6   

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      7   
 
       Item 2   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Overview   
       
      19   

Results of Operations   
       
      20   

Liquidity and Capital Resources   
       
      21   

Non-GAAP Financial Measures   
       
      26   

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   
       
      28   

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
       
      28   
 
       Item 4   
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      28   

Part II   
       Other Information   

Item 1   
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      29   
 
       Item 2   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      29   
 
       Item 3   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      29   
 
       Item 4   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      29   
 
       Item 5   
       Other information   
       
      29   
 
       Item 6   
       Exhibits   
       
      29   

Signatures    
       
       31    

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 
      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated statements.  

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
 
      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated statements.  

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
 
       Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity  
 
     Three months ended September 30, 2016  
 
      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated statements.  

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 
      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated statements.  

Notes to Financial Statements  

1.    Basis of Presentation  

References in this document to  the Company, 
 LightPath,   we,   us,  or  our  are intended to mean LightPath Technologies,
Inc., individually, or as the context requires, collectively with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Article 8 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and, therefore, do not include all information and footnotes necessary for a fair presentation
of financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and related notes, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years
or quarters refer to our fiscal years ended June 30 and the associated quarters of those fiscal years. 

These consolidated
financial statements are unaudited, but include all adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments, which, in the opinion
of management, are necessary to present fairly our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods
presented. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the
year as a whole.  

History:  

We were incorporated in Delaware in 1992 as the
successor to LightPath Technologies Limited Partnership, a New Mexico limited partnership, formed in 1989, and its predecessor,
Integrated Solar Technologies Corporation, a New Mexico corporation, formed in 1985. We completed our initial public offering ( IPO )
during fiscal 1996. On April 14, 2000, we acquired Horizon Photonics, Inc. ( Horizon ). On September 20, 2000, we acquired
Geltech, Inc. ( Geltech ). In November 2005, we formed LightPath Optical Instrumentation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd ( LPOI ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary located in Jiading, People s Republic of China. In December 2013, we formed LightPath Optical Instrumentation
(Zhenjiang) Co., Ltd ( LPOIZ ), a wholly-owned subsidiary located in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province, People s Republic
of China. 

We are a manufacturer and integrator of families
of precision molded aspheric optics, high-performance fiber-optic collimator, GRADIUM glass lenses and other optical materials
used to produce products that manipulate light. We design, develop, manufacture and distribute optical components and assemblies
utilizing the latest optical processes and advanced manufacturing technologies. We also engage in research and development for
optical solutions for the traditional optics markets and communications markets. 

2.    Significant Accounting Policies  

Consolidated financial statements  include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

Cash and cash equivalents  consist of cash
in the bank and temporary investments with maturities of 90 days or less when purchased. 

Allowance for accounts receivable,  is calculated
by taking 100% of the total of invoices that are over 90 days past due from the due date and 10% of the total of invoices that
are over 60 days past due from the due date for U.S. based accounts and 100% of invoices that are over 120 days past due for China
based accounts. Accounts receivable are customer obligations due under normal trade terms. We perform continuing credit evaluations
of our customers  financial condition. If our actual collection experience changes, revisions to our allowance may be required.
After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the receivable is written off against the allowance. 

Inventories,  which consist
principally of raw materials, tooling, work-in-process and finished lenses, collimators and assemblies are stated at the
lower of cost or market, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs include materials, labor and manufacturing overhead.
Acquisition of goods from our vendors has a purchase burden added to cover customs, shipping and handling costs. Fixed costs
related to excess manufacturing capacity have been expensed. We look at the following criteria for parts to consider for the
inventory reserve: items that have not been sold in two years or that have not been purchased in two years or of which we
have more than a two-year supply. These items as identified are reserved at 100%, as well as reserving 50% for other items
deemed to be slow moving within the last twelve months and reserving 25% for items deemed to have low material usage within
the last six months. The parts identified are adjusted for recent order and quote activity to determine the final inventory
reserve. 

8  

Property and equipment  are stated at cost
and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets ranging from one to ten years.
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the related assets using
the straight-line method. Construction in process represents the accumulated costs of assets not yet placed in service and primarily
relates to manufacturing equipment. 

Long-lived assets , such as property, plant,
and equipment and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured
by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by
the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the
amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of would be separately
presented in the balance sheet and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer
depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a disposed group classified as held for sale would be presented separately in the appropriate
asset and liability sections of the balance sheet. 

Deferred rent  relates to certain of our
operating leases containing predetermined fixed increases of the base rental rate during the lease term being recognized as rental
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, as well as applicable leasehold improvement incentives provided by the landlord.
We have recorded the difference between the amounts charged to operations and amounts payable under the leases as deferred rent
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Income taxes  are accounted for under the
asset and liability method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed on the basis of differences between the financial
statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based upon enacted
tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances
have been established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

We have not recognized a liability for uncertain
tax positions. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits or penalties has not been provided
since there has been no unrecognized benefit or penalty. If there were an unrecognized tax benefit or penalty, we would recognize
interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. 

We file U.S. Federal income tax returns, and various
states and foreign jurisdictions. Our open tax years subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the Florida Department
of Revenue generally remain open for three years from the date of filing. 

Our cash and cash equivalents totaled approximately
$3.6 million at September 30, 2016. Of this amount, approximately 48% was held by our foreign subsidiaries in China. These foreign
funds were generated in China as a result of foreign earnings. Before any funds can be repatriated, the retained earnings in China
must equal at least 150% of the registered capital. As of September 30, 2016, we have retained earnings in China of approximately
$2.2 million and we need to have approximately $11.3 million before repatriation will be allowed. We currently intend to permanently
invest earnings generated from our foreign operations, and, therefore, we have not previously provided for United States taxes
on related earnings. However, if in the future we change such intention we would provide for and pay additional United States taxes
at that time. 

Revenue  is recognized from product sales
when products are shipped to the customer, provided that the Company has received a valid purchase order, the price is fixed, title
has transferred, collection of the associated receivable is reasonably assured, and there are no remaining significant obligations.
Product development agreements are generally short term in nature with revenue recognized upon shipment to the customer for products,
reports or designs. Invoiced amounts for sales for value-added taxes ( VAT ) are posted to the balance sheet and not
included in revenue. Revenue recognized from equipment leasing is recognized over the lease term based on straight-lining of total
lease payments. Equipment leasing revenue was approximately $17,996 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and was included
in sales on the accompanying consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Equipment under lease of $55,210 was included in property
and equipment, net as of September 30, 2016, on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

9  

Value added tax ( VAT )  is computed
on the gross sales price on all sales of our products sold in the People s Republic of China. The VAT rates range up to 17%,
depending on the type of products sold. The VAT may be offset by VAT paid by us on raw materials and other materials included in
the cost of producing or acquiring our finished products. We recorded a VAT receivable net of payments, which is included in other
receivables in the accompanying financial statements. 

New product development  costs are expensed
as incurred. 

Stock-based compensation  is measured at
grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the employee s requisite service period.
We estimate the fair value of each restricted stock unit or stock option as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton
pricing model. Most awards granted under our Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) vest ratably
over two to four years and generally have four to ten-year contract lives. The volatility rate is based on historical trends in
common stock closing prices and the expected term was determined based primarily on historical experience of previously outstanding
awards. The interest rate used is the U.S. Treasury interest rate for constant maturities. The likelihood of meeting targets for
option grants that are performance based are evaluated each quarter. If it is determined that meeting the targets is probable then
the compensation expense will be amortized over the remaining vesting period. 

Management estimates.  Management makes
estimates and assumptions during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that affect amounts reported in the
financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions could change in the future as more information becomes
available, which in turn could impact the amounts reported and disclosed herein. 

Fair value of financial instruments.  We
account for financial instruments in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board s ( FASB ) Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820 ), which
provides a framework for measuring fair value and expands required disclosure about fair value measurements of assets and liabilities.
ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price)
in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on
the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that
may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included
within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported
by little or no market activity, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing. 

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016. 

The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet
financial instruments approximated their fair values. These financial instruments which include cash, receivables, accounts payable
and accrued liabilities. Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for these financial instruments since they are
short term in nature and their carrying amounts approximate fair values or they are receivable or payable on demand. The fair value
of our capital lease obligations approximates their carrying value based upon current rates available to us. 

We value our warrant liabilities based on open-form
option pricing models which, based on the relevant inputs, render the fair value measurement at Level 3. We base our estimates
of fair value for warrant liabilities on the amount it would pay a third-party market participant to transfer the liability and
incorporates inputs such as equity prices, historical and implied volatilities, dividend rates and prices of convertible securities
issued by comparable companies maximizing the use of observable inputs when available. See further discussion at Note 8. 

We do not have any other financial or non-financial
instruments that would be characterized as Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3. 

Derivative financial instruments.  We
account for derivative instruments in accordance with FASB s ASC Topic 815   Derivatives and Hedging ( ASC
815 ), which requires additional disclosures about our objectives and strategies for using derivative instruments, how
the derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for, and how the derivative instruments and related hedging
items affect the financial statements. 

10  

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures
to cash flow, market or foreign currency risk. Terms of convertible debt instruments are reviewed to determine whether or not they
contain embedded derivative instruments that are required under ASC 815 to be accounted for separately from the host contract,
and recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The fair value of derivative liabilities, if any, is required to be revalued at
each reporting date, with corresponding changes in fair value recorded in current period operating results. 

Freestanding warrants issued by us in connection
with the issuance or sale of debt and equity instruments are considered to be derivative instruments. Pursuant to ASC 815, an evaluation
of specifically identified conditions is made to determine whether the fair value of warrants issued is required to be classified
as equity or as a derivative liability. 

Comprehensive income  is defined as the change
in equity (net assets) of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner
sources. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions
to owners. Comprehensive income has two components, net income and other comprehensive income, and is included on the statement
of comprehensive income. Our other comprehensive income consists of foreign currency translation adjustments made for financial
reporting purposes. 

Business segments  are required to be reported
by us. As we only operate in principally one business segment, no additional reporting is required. 

Certain reclassifications  of prior period
amounts were made to reflect current classifications. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements.   There are new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB that are not yet effective. Management
does not believe any of these accounting pronouncements will have a material impact on our financial position or operating results. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued No. 2015-11, Inventory
- Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory ( ASU 2015-11 ). ASU 2015-11 provides additional guidance regarding the
subsequent measurement of inventory by requiring inventory to be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect
the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue
recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services
are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods
or services. We are evaluating the impact of this new standard on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and
related disclosures. 

ASU 2014-09 provides that an entity should apply
a five-step approach for recognizing revenue, including (1) identifying the contract with a customer; (2) identifying the performance
obligations in the contract; (3) determining the transaction price; (4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract; and (5) recognizing revenue when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Also, the entity must
provide various disclosures concerning the nature, amount and timing of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
The effective date will be the first quarter of our fiscal year ending June 30, 2019, using one of two retrospective application
methods. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases ( ASU 2016-02 ). This guidance requires an entity to recognize lease liabilities and a right-of-use asset for
all leases on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about the entity s leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, with earlier
adoption permitted. ASU 2016-02 must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered
into after the date of initial adoption, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief. We are evaluating the impact
of this standard on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and related disclosures. 

11  

3.  Inventories 

The components of inventories include the following: 

The value of tooling in raw materials was approximately $1.28
million at September 30, 2016 and approximately $1.16 million at June 30, 2016. 

4.    Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are summarized as follows: 

5.    Accounts Payable  

The accounts payable balance as of September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016 includes approximately $74,500 and $69,250, respectively, which represents earned but unpaid board of directors 
fees. 

6.    Compensatory Equity Incentive Plan and Other Equity
Incentives  

Share-Based Compensation Arrangements  
 The Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) includes several available forms of stock compensation
of which incentive stock options and restricted stock awards. Stock based compensation is measured at grant date, based on the
fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the employee s requisite service period. We estimate the fair
value of each stock option as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model. Most options granted under the
Plan vest ratably over two to four years and generally have ten-year contract lives. The volatility rate is based on four-year
historical trends in common stock closing prices and the expected term was determined based primarily on historical experience
of previously outstanding options. The interest rate used is the U.S. Treasury interest rate for constant maturities. The likelihood
of meeting targets for option grants that are performance based are evaluated each quarter. If it is determined that meeting the
targets is probable then the compensation expense will be amortized over the remaining vesting period. 

12  

The LightPath Technologies, Inc. Employee Stock
Purchase Plan ( 2014 ESPP ) was adopted by our board of directors on October 30, 2014 and approved by our stockholders
on January 29, 2015. 

The 2014 ESPP permits employees to purchase shares
of our Class A common stock through payroll deductions, which may not exceed 15% of an employee s compensation, at a price
not less than 85% of the market value of our Class A common stock on specified dates (June 30 and December 31). In no event can
any participant purchase more than $25,000 worth of shares of Class A common stock in any calendar year and an employee cannot
purchase more than 8,000 shares on any purchase date within an offering period of 12 months and 4,000 shares on any purchase date
within an offering period of six months. A discount of $943 and $846 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
is included in the selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income,
which represents the value of the 10% discount given to the employees purchasing stock under the 2014 Plan. 

These plans are summarized below: 

Grant Date Fair Values and Underlying Assumptions;
Contractual Terms    We estimate the fair value of each stock option as of the date of grant. We use the Black-Scholes-Merton
pricing model. The 2014 ESPP fair value is the amount of the discount the employee obtains at the date of the purchase transaction. 

No stock options were granted in the three month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Most options granted under the Plan vest ratably
over two to four years and are generally exercisable for ten years. The assumed forfeiture rates used in calculating the fair
value of options and restricted stock unit ( RSU ) grants with both performance and service conditions were 20% for
each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The volatility rate and expected term are based on seven-year historical
trends in Class A common stock closing prices and actual forfeitures. The interest rate used is the U.S. Treasury interest rate
for constant maturities. 

Information Regarding Current Share-Based Compensation
Awards    A summary of the activity for share-based compensation awards in the three months ended September 30, 2016 is
presented below: 

The total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable
at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $164,180 and $45,590, respectively. 

The total intrinsic value of RSUs exercised during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0 and $0, respectively. 

The total intrinsic value of RSUs outstanding and
exercisable at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,618,126 and $1,000,431, respectively. 

The total fair value of RSUs vested during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $50,002 and $0, respectively. 

The total fair value of option shares vested during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0 and $0, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $372,197 of
total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements (including share options and restricted
stock units) granted under the Plan. We expect to recognize the compensation cost as follows: 

RSU awards vest immediately or from two to four
years from the date of grant. 

We issue new shares of Class A common stock upon
the exercise of stock options. The following table is a summary of the number and weighted average grant date fair values regarding
our unexercisable/unvested awards as of September 30, 2016 and changes during the three months then ended: 

Financial Statement Effects and Presentation
   The following table shows total stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income: 

7. Foreign Operations  

Assets and liabilities
denominated in non-U.S. currencies are translated at rates of exchange prevailing on the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses
are translated at average rates of exchange for the period. Gains or losses on the translation of the financial statements of a
non-U.S. operation, where the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are reflected as a separate component of equity.
T he foreign exchange translation adjustment reflects a net gain of approximately $31,553 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and a gain of approximately $12,075 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  As
of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $11,991,000 in assets and $10,561,000 in net assets located in China. As of June 30,
2016, we had approximately $11,311,000 in assets and $9,942,000 in net assets located in China.  

8. Derivative Financial Instruments (Warrant Liability)  

On June 11, 2012, we executed a Securities Purchase
Agreement with respect to a private placement of an aggregate of 1,943,852 shares of our Class A common stock at $1.02 per share
and warrants to purchase up to 1,457,892 shares of our Class A common stock at an initial exercise price of $1.32 per share, which
was subsequently reduced to $1.26 (the  June 2012 Warrants ). The June 2012 Warrants are exercisable for a period of
five years beginning on December 11, 2012. We accounted for the June 2012 Warrants issued to investors in accordance with ASC 815-10.
ASC 815-10 provides guidance for determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to
an entity s own stock. This applies to any freestanding financial instrument or embedded feature that has all the characteristics
of a derivative under ASC 815-10, including any freestanding financial instrument that is potentially settled in an entity s
own stock. 

Due to certain adjustments that may be made to
the exercise price of the June 2012 Warrants if we issue or sell shares of our Class A common stock at a price that is less than
the then-current warrant exercise price, the June 2012 Warrants have been classified as a liability, as opposed to equity, in accordance
with ASC 815-10 as it was determined that the June 2012 Warrants were not indexed to our Class A common stock. 

The fair value of the outstanding June 2012 Warrants
was re-measured on September 30, 2016 to reflect their fair market value at the end of the current reporting period. The June 2012
Warrants will be re-measured at each subsequent financial reporting period until the warrants are either fully exercised or expire.
The change in fair value of the June 2012 Warrants is recorded in the statement of comprehensive income and is estimated using
the Lattice option-pricing model using the following assumptions: 

The warrant liabilities are considered recurring
Level 3 financial instruments, with a fair value of approximately $621,000 and $717,000 at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016,
respectively. 

The following table summarizes the activity of
Level 3 instruments measured on a recurring basis for the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

9.   Earnings Per Share   

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing
the weighted-average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding, during each period presented. Diluted earnings per share
is computed similarly to basic earnings per share except that it reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities
or other obligations to issue shares of Class A common stock were exercised or converted into shares of Class A common stock. The
computations for basic and diluted earnings per share are described in the following table: 

10.   Lease Commitments   

We have operating leases for office space. At September
30, 2016, we have a lease agreement for our manufacturing and office facility in Orlando, Florida (the  Orlando Lease ).
The Orlando Lease, which is for a seven-year original term with renewal options, expires April 2022 and expanded our space to 25,847
square feet, including space added in July 2014. Minimum rental rates for the extension term were established based on annual increases
of two and one half percent starting in the third year of the extension period. Additionally, there is one 5-year extension option
exercisable by us. The minimum rental rates for such additional extension options will be determined at the time an option is exercised
and will be based on a  fair market rental rate  as determined in accordance with the lease agreement, as amended. 

We received $420,014 in a leasehold improvement
allowance in fiscal 2015. The improvements were recorded as property and equipment and deferred rent on the consolidated balance
sheets. Amortization of leasehold improvements was $80,967 as of September 30, 2016. The deferred rent is being amortized as a
credit to lease expense over the term of the lease. 

At September 30, 2016, we, through our wholly-owned
subsidiary, LPOI, have a lease agreement for an office facility in Shanghai, China (the  Shanghai Lease ). The Shanghai
Lease commenced in October 2015 and expires October 2017. 

At September 30, 2016, we, through our wholly-owned
subsidiary, LPOIZ, have a lease agreement for a manufacturing and office facility in Zhenjiang, China (the  Zhenjiang Lease ).
The Zhenjiang Lease, which is for a five-year original term with renewal options, expires March 2019. 

During
fiscal 2014 and 2015, we entered into four capital lease agreements, with terms ranging from three to five years, for computer
and manufacturing equipment, which are included as part of property and equipment. Assets under capital lease include approximately
$547,000 in computer equipment and software and manufacturing equipment, with accumulated amortization of approximately $237,000
as of September 30, 2016. Amortization related to capital lease assets is included in depreciation and amortization expense.  

Rent
expense totaled approximately $120,510 and $152,720 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The
approximate future minimum lease payments under capital and operating leases at September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

11. Loan
Payable    

On
September 30, 2013, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the  LSA ) with AvidBank Corporate Finance, a division
of AvidBank ( AvidBank ). Pursuant to the LSA, AvidBank agreed to lend us under a revolving credit facility (the  Revolving
Line ) an aggregate principal outstanding amount not to exceed the lesser of (i) One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) or (ii)
an amount equal to eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts, as determined by AvidBank in accordance with the LSA. We could have
borrowed amounts under the Revolving Line at any time prior to December 30, 2014, at which time all outstanding amounts would
have been immediately due and payable.  

Pursuant
to the LSA, AvidBank also agreed to make equipment advances to us, each in a minimum amount of $100,000, and in an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed One Million Dollars ($1,000,000). Equipment advances during any particular three-month draw period were due
and repayable in thirty-six (36) equal monthly payments. All amounts due under outstanding equipment advances made during any
particular draw period were due on the tenth (10th) day following the end of such draw period, and in any event, no later than
September 30, 2017.  

On
December 23, 2014, we entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the  Amended LSA ) with AvidBank
for an invoice-based working capital revolving line of credit (the  Invoiced Based Line ). The Amended LSA amended
and restated the LSA. Pursuant to the Amended LSA, AvidBank will, in its discretion, make loan advances to us up to a maximum
aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed the lesser of (i) One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) or (ii) eighty percent
(80%) (the  Maximum Advance Rate ) of the aggregate balance of our eligible accounts receivable, as determined by
AvidBank in accordance with the Amended LSA. On December 23, 2015, we executed the First Amendment to the Amended LSA to extend
the term of the Amended LSA to December 23, 2016.  

Avid
Bank may, in its discretion, elect to not make a requested advance, determine that certain accounts are not eligible accounts,
change the Maximum Advance Rate or apply a lower advance rate to particular accounts and terminate the Amended LSA. As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, the principal outstanding on the Invoiced Based Line was $0.  

Amounts
borrowed under the Invoiced Based Line may be repaid and re-borrowed at any time prior to December 23, 2016, at which time all
amounts shall be immediately due and payable. The advances under the Invoiced Based Line bear interest, on the outstanding daily
balance, at a per annum rate equal to three percent (3%) above the Prime Rate (6.50% at September 30, 2016). Interest payments
are due and payable on the last business day of each month. Payments received with respect to accounts upon which advances are
made will be applied to the amounts outstanding under the Amended LSA.  

Our
obligations under the Amended LSA are secured by a first priority security interest (subject to permitted liens) in cash, U.S.
inventory and accounts receivable. In addition, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Geltech, has guaranteed our obligations under the
Amended LSA.  

The
Amended LSA contains customary covenants, including, but not limited to: (i) limitations on the disposition of property; (ii)
limitations on changing our business or permitting a change in control; (iii) limitations on additional indebtedness or encumbrances;
(iv) restrictions on distributions; and (v) limitations on certain investments.  

Late
payments are subject to a late fee equal to the lesser of five percent (5%) of the unpaid amount or the maximum amount permitted
to be charged under applicable law. Amounts outstanding during an event of default accrue interest at a rate of five percent (5%)
above the interest rate applicable immediately prior to the occurrence of the event of default. The Amended LSA contains other
customary provisions with respect to events of default, expense reimbursement, and confidentiality.  

Item 2.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf.
All statements in this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Quarterly Report ),
other than statements of historical facts, which address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will
or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures, growth, product development, sales, business
strategy and other similar matters are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our current
expectations and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Actual
results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements set forth herein as a result of a number of factors, including,
but not limited to, limited cash resources and the need for additional financing, our dependence on a few key customers, our ability
to transition our business into new markets, our ability to increase sales and manage and control costs and other risks described
in our reports on file with the SEC. In light of these risks and uncertainties, all of the forward-looking statements made herein
are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated
by us will be realized. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements contained herein.   

The
discussions of our results as presented in this Quarterly Report include use of the non-GAAP term  gross margin ,
as well as other non-GAAP measures discussed in more detail under the heading  Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
Gross margin is determined by deducting the cost of sales from operating revenue. Cost of sales includes manufacturing direct
and indirect labor, materials, services, fixed costs for rent, utilities and depreciation, and variable overhead. Gross
margin should not be considered an alternative to operating income or net income, which are determined in accordance with
GAAP. We believe that gross margin, although a non-GAAP financial measure is useful and meaningful to investors as a basis
for making investment decisions. It provides investors with information that demonstrates our cost structure and provides
funds for our total costs and expenses. We use gross margin in measuring the performance of our business and have
historically analyzed and reported gross margin information publicly. Other companies may calculate gross margin in a
different manner.  

Overview    

Historical:   

  We
are in the business of manufacturing optical components and higher level assemblies including precision molded glass aspheric
optics, proprietary high performance fiber optic collimators, GRADIUM glass lenses and other optical materials used to produce
products that manipulate light. All the products we produce enable lasers and imaging devices to function more effectively.  

In   November
2005,   we formed   LPOI, a wholly-owned subsidiary, located in Jiading, People s Republic of
China.  In December 2013, we formed LPOIZ, a wholly-owned subsidiary located in the New City district, of the Jiangsu
province, of the People s Republic of China. LPOIZ s 26,000 square foot manufacturing facility serves as our
primary manufacturing facility in China and provides a lower cost structure for production of larger volumes of optical
components and assemblies. The LPOI facility is primarily used for sales and support functions. 

Product
Groups and Markets:   

  We
organized our business based on five product groups: low volume precision molded optics ( LVPMO ), high volume precision
molded optics ( HVPMO ), specialty products, infrared products, and non-recurring engineering ( NRE ).
Our LVPMO product group consists of precision molded optics with a sales price greater than $10 per lens and is usually sold in
smaller lot quantities. Our HVPMO product group consists of precision molded optics with a sales price of less than $10 per lens
and is usually sold in larger lot quantities. Our infrared product group is comprised of both molded lens and assemblies. Our
specialty product group is comprised of value added products such as optical subsystems, assemblies, GRADIUM lenses, and isolators.
Our NRE product group consists of those products we develop pursuant to product development agreements we enter into with customers.
Typically, customers approach us and request that we develop new products or applications for our existing products to fit their
particular needs or specifications. The timing and extent of any such product development is outside of our control.  

We
currently serve the following major markets: industrial, laser, defense, medical, telecommunications, and instrumentation. Within
our product groups, we have various applications that serve these major markets. For example, our HVPMO lenses are typically used
in industrial tools, especially in China. Our HVPMO and LVPMO lenses are also used in applications for the telecommunications
market, such as cloud computing, video distribution via digital technology, wireless broadband, and machine to machine connection,
and, the laser market, such as laser tools, scientific and bench top lasers, and bar code scanners. Our infrared products can
also be used in various applications within our major markets. Currently, sales of our infrared products are primarily for customers
in the industrial market that use thermal imaging cameras. Our infrared products can also be used for gas sensing devices, spectrometers,
night vision systems, automotive driver systems, thermal weapon gun sights, and infrared counter measure systems, among others.  

Within
the larger overall markets, which are estimated to be in the multi-billions of dollars, we believe there is a market of
approximately $816 million for our current products and capabilities.  We continue to believe our products will provide
significant growth opportunities over the next several years and, therefore, we will continue to target specific applications
in each of these major markets. In addition to these major markets, a large percentage of our revenues are derived from sales
to unaffiliated companies that purchase our products to fulfill their customer s orders, as well as unaffiliated
companies that offer our products for sale in their catalogs. Our strategy is to leverage our technology, know-how,
established low cost manufacturing capability and partnerships to grow our business. 

Results
of Operations    

Fiscal
First Quarter: Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015    

Revenues:   

  For
the quarter ended September 30, 2016, our total revenues increased by 19% to $5.00 million, compared to $4.19 million for the
quarter ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to an 80% increase in revenues generated by sales of
our HVPMOs, a 41% increase in revenues generated by sales of infrared lenses, and a 16% increase in sales of LVPMOs, partially
offset by a 32% decrease in specialty products and a 5% decrease in NRE projects. The decrease in revenues generated by our specialty
product group was due to the absence of approximately $335,000 of revenues generated in the first quarter of the prior year due
to fiber collimator assemblies sold to a customer pursuant to a license agreement, which we did not generate this period.  

Cost
of Sales and Gross Margin:   

  Our
gross margin percentage in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was 57% compared to 54% for the first quarter of fiscal 2016. The
improvement in gross margin is attributed to increased revenues from our HVPMO products with a higher average selling price, leverage
borne out of higher sales volume against fixed manufacturing overhead expenses and better yields for infrared products. Total
manufacturing costs were approximately $2.17 million for the first quarter, an increase of approximately $228,000 as compared
to the same period of the prior fiscal year.  

Selling,
General and Administrative:    

  During
the first quarter of fiscal 2017, selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) costs were approximately $2.17
million, compared to $1.44 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, an increase of approximately $726,000. The increase was
primarily due to: (i) a $484,000 increase in expenses related to the acquisition of ISP Optics Corporation ( ISP ),
(ii) a $55,000 increase on travel expenses, (iii) a $49,000 increase in stock compensation expense, (iv) a $49,000 increase in
legal and auditing fee expenses, and (v) an $89,000 increase in other expenses. Excluding the costs we expect to incur in the
future related to the acquisition of ISP, we expect future SG A costs to decrease slightly during the remainder of fiscal
2017, and return to more normal levels.  

New
Product Development:   

  New
product development costs were approximately $278,000 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, an increase of $130,000
as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016. This increase was primarily due to a $64,000 increase in wages and a $65,000
increase in materials used for engineering projects to expand and enhance our existing products. We anticipate that these
expenses will remain at current levels for the remainder of fiscal year 2017.  

Other
Income (Expense):   

  Interest
expense was approximately $7,000 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to $13,000 in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.
Interest expense resulted from amortization of debt costs related to our Invoiced Based Line with Avidbank and interest on capital
leases.  

In
the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we recognized non-cash income of approximately $44,000 related to the change in the fair value
of warrant liability in connection with our June 2012 Warrants. We recognized income of approximately $368,000 in the same period
last year. This fair value will be re-measured each reporting period throughout the remainder of the five-year life of the warrants,
or until exercised.  

Other
expense, net was approximately $22,000 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to approximately $175,000 in the first quarter
of fiscal 2016. We execute all foreign sales from our Orlando facility and inter-company transactions in United States dollars,
mitigating the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Assets and liabilities denominated in non-United States currencies, primarily
the Chinese yuan, are translated at rates of exchange prevailing on the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses are translated
at average rates of exchange for the year. During the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016, we incurred a loss of $36,000 and
$176,000 on foreign currency translation, respectively.  

Income
taxes:   

  Income
tax expense was approximately $265,000 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, an increase of $263,000 from the first quarter of
fiscal 2016. This increase was primarily attributable to income taxes associated with our Chinese operations. We utilized all
net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforwards in China during fiscal 2016. Accordingly, we are now accruing income taxes
in China related to such operations. Our Chinese subsidiaries are governed by the Income Tax Law of the People s Republic
of China, which is applicable to privately run and foreign invested enterprises, and which generally subjects such enterprises
to a statutory rate of 25% on income reported in the statutory financial statements after appropriate tax adjustments. We anticipate
that these expenses will remain at current levels for the remainder of fiscal year 2017.  

Net
Income:   

  Net
income was approximately $140,000, or $0.01 basic and diluted earnings per share, during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, compared
with the first quarter of fiscal 2016, in which we reported net income of approximately $843,000, or $0.06 basic and $0.05 per
diluted earnings per share. The approximately $702,000 decrease in net income in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, as compared
to the prior year period, is primarily as a result of the approximately $724,000 increase in SG A expenses.  

Weighted-average
shares outstanding (basic) was 15,616,855 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to 15,239,366 in the first quarter of fiscal
2016. The increase in weighted-average shares outstanding was primarily due to the issuance of shares of Class A common stock
related to shares issued under the 2014 ESPP and exercises of warrants.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

At
September 30, 2016, we had working capital of approximately $8.01 million and total cash and cash equivalents of approximately
$3.58 million, of which approximately $1.74 million of total cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries.  

Cash
and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries were generated in China as a result of foreign earnings. Before any funds
can be repatriated, the retained earnings in China must equal at least 150% of the registered capital. As of September 30, 2016,
we had retained earnings of $2.12 million and we need to have $11.3 million before repatriation will be allowed. We currently
intend to permanently invest earnings from foreign operations, and, therefore, we have not previously provided United States taxes
on the related earnings. We would provide for and pay additional United States taxes at such time.  

On
December 23, 2014, we entered into the Amended LSA with Avidbank for the Invoice Based Line. Pursuant to the Amended LSA, Avidbank
will, in its discretion, make loan advances to us up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed the lesser
of (i) One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) or (ii) eighty percent (80%) (the  Maximum Advance Rate ) of the aggregate
balance of our eligible accounts receivable, as determined by Avidbank in accordance with the Amended LSA. Avidbank may, in its
discretion, elect to not make a requested advance, determine that certain accounts are not eligible accounts, change the Maximum
Advance Rate or apply a lower advance rate to particular accounts and terminate the Amended LSA. Our obligations under the Amended
LSA are secured by a first priority security interest (subject to permitted liens) in cash, U.S. inventory and accounts receivable.  

On
December 23, 2015, we executed the First Amendment to the Amended LSA to extend the term to December 23, 2016. Amounts borrowed
under the Amended LSA may be repaid and re-borrowed at any time prior to December 23, 2016, at which time all amounts shall be
immediately due and payable. The amount outstanding on the Amended LSA was $0 as of September 30, 2016. For additional information,
see Note 11, Loan Payable, to the Notes to the Financial Statements to this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  

We
believe that we have adequate financial resources to sustain our current operations in the coming year. We have established
milestones that will be tracked to ensure that as funds are expended we are achieving results before additional funds are
committed. We anticipate sales growth in fiscal 2017 primarily from precision molded optics, with the emphasis on HVPMO
applications, specialty products, and infrared products. We also expect to be better positioned to accelerate our revenue
growth and profitability as a result of our transition to a technical sales process that leverages the success of our
existing demand-creation model. These growth initiatives and organizational modifications are intended to further enhance our
incremental organic growth position for our core aspheric lens business, prime our operations for the anticipated high growth
of our new infrared products, and allow for the integration of strategic acquisitions. We are also benefiting from a
substantial increase in revenue generating opportunities and broader market applications as a result of our investments in
technologies that decreased our lens production costs and expanded our production capacity. We believe we can further improve
upon our track record of growth   and do so far more profitably.  

We
generally rely on cash from operations and equity and debt offerings, to the extent available, to satisfy our liquidity needs.
There are a number of factors that could result in the need to raise additional funds, including a decline in revenue or a lack
of anticipated sales growth, increased material costs, increased labor costs, planned production efficiency improvements not being
realized, increases in property, casualty, benefit and liability insurance premiums, and increases in other discretionary spending,
particularly sales and marketing related. We will also continue efforts to keep costs under control as we seek renewed sales growth.
Our efforts continue to be directed toward maintaining positive cash flow and profitability. If our efforts are not successful,
we will need to raise additional capital. Should capital not be available to us at reasonable terms, other actions may become
necessary in addition to cost control measures and continued efforts to increase sales. These actions may include exploring strategic
options for the sale of the Company, the sale of certain product lines, the creation of joint ventures or strategic alliances
under which we will pursue business opportunities, the creation of licensing arrangements with respect to our technology, or other
alternatives.  

Cash
Flows   Financings:    

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately $45,000 in the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to net cash
used of approximately $73,000 in the first three months of fiscal 2016, an increase of approximately $118,000. The increase was
primarily attributed to the receipt of approximately $71,000 in proceeds related to warrant exercises in the current period.  

Cash
Flows   Operating and Investing:   

Cash
flow provided by operations was approximately $922,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of approximately
$24,000 from the same period in fiscal 2016. We anticipate improvement in our cash flows provided by operations in future years
due to sales growth and continued margin improvements based on production efficiencies and reductions in product costs, offset
by marginal increases in selling, administrative, and new product development expenditures.  

During
the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we expended approximately $387,000 for capital equipment as compared to $285,000 during the
same period of fiscal 2016. The majority of our capital expenditures during both the first quarters of fiscal 2017 and fiscal
2016 were related to the purchase of equipment used to enhance or expand our production capacity, tooling for our precision molded
products, and equipment and facility improvements for our facility in Zhenjiang. We anticipate an increase in capital expenditures
during fiscal 2017; however, the total amount expended will depend on opportunities and circumstances.  

How
we operate:   

  We
have continuing sales of two basic types: occasional sales via ad-hoc purchase orders of mostly standard product configurations
(our  turns  business) and the more challenging and potentially more rewarding business of customer product development.
In this latter type of business we work with customers to help them determine optical specifications and even create certain optical
designs for them, including complex multi-component designs that we call  engineered assemblies . This is followed
by  sampling  small numbers of the product for the customers  test and evaluation. Thereafter, should a customer
conclude that our specification or design is the best solution to their product need; we negotiate and  win  a contract
(sometimes called a  design win )   whether of a  blanket purchase order  type or a supply agreement.
The strategy is to create an annuity revenue stream that makes the best use of our production capacity as compared to the turns
business, which is unpredictable and uneven. This annuity revenue stream can also generate low-cost, high-volume type orders.
A key business objective is to convert as much of our business to the design win and annuity model as is possible. We face several
challenges in doing so:  

Maintaining
                                         an optical design and new product sampling capability, including a high-quality and responsive
                                         optical design engineering staff;    

The
                                         fact that as our customers take products of this nature into higher volume, commercial
                                         production (for example, in the case of molded optics, this may be volumes over one million
                                         pieces per year) they begin to work seriously to reduce costs   which often leads
                                         them to turn to larger or overseas producers, even if sacrificing quality; and    

Our
                                         small business mass means that we can only offer a moderate amount of total productive
                                         capacity before we reach financial constraints imposed by the need to make additional
                                         capital expenditures   in other words, because of our limited cash resources and
                                         cash flow, we may not be able to service every opportunity that presents itself in our
                                         markets without arranging for such additional capital expenditures.    

Despite
these challenges to winning more  annuity  business, we nevertheless believe we can be successful in procuring this
business because of our unique capabilities in optical design engineering that we make available on the merchant market, a market
that we believe is underserved in this area of service offering. Additionally, we believe that we offer value to some customers
as a source of supply in the United States should they be unwilling to commit their entire source of supply of a critical component
to foreign merchant production sources. We also continue to have the proprietary GRADIUM lens glass technology to offer to certain
laser markets.  

Our
key indicators:   

  Usually
on a weekly basis, management reviews a number of performance indicators. Some of these indicators are qualitative and others
are quantitative. These indicators change from time to time as the opportunities and challenges in the business change. They are
mostly non-financial indicators such as units of shippable output by product line, production yield rates by major product line
and the output and yield data from significant intermediary manufacturing processes that support the production of the finished
shippable product. These indicators can be used to calculate such other related indicators as fully yielded unit production per-shift,
which varies by the particular product and our state of automation in production of that product at any given time. Higher unit
production per shift means lower unit cost and therefore improved margins or improved ability to compete where desirable for price
sensitive customer applications. The data from these reports is used to determine tactical operating actions and changes. We believe
that our non-financial production indicators, such as those noted, are proprietary information.  

Financial
indicators that are usually reviewed at the same time include the major elements of the micro-level business cycle:  

sales
                                         backlog;    

revenue
                                         dollars and units by product group;    

inventory
                                         levels;    

accounts
                                         receivable levels and quality; and    

other
                                         key indicators.    

These
indicators are similarly used to determine tactical operating actions and changes and are discussed in more detail below.  

Sales
Backlog:   

  Sales
growth has been and continues to be our best indicator of success. Our best view into the efficacy of our sales efforts is in
our  order book.  Our order book equates to sales  backlog.  It has a quantitative and a qualitative aspect:
quantitatively, our backlog s prospective dollar value and qualitatively, what percent of the backlog is scheduled by the
customer for date-certain delivery. We define our  12-month backlog  as that which is requested by the customer for
delivery within one year and which is reasonably likely to remain in the backlog and be converted into revenues. This includes
customer purchase orders and may include amounts under supply contracts if they meet the aforementioned criteria. Generally, a
higher 12-month backlog is better for us.  

Our
12-month backlog at September 30, 2016 was approximately $5.81 million compared to $6.60 million as of June 30, 2016. Backlog
growth rates for the last five fiscal quarters are:  

This
lower backlog resulted from a delay in anticipated orders for some bookings forecasted in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and
an increase in shipments of orders received and shipped within the first quarter of fiscal 2017.  

We
have diversified our business by developing new applications for our products in markets such as digital imaging,  laser
tools, telecommunications, digital projectors, industrial equipment, weapon sights, medical instruments and green lasers. 
Examples of these new applications include: 2D scanning, fiber laser delivery systems, disposable medical instruments, and infrared
sensor applications. Based on recent quote activity, we expect to show increases in revenue of our LVPMOs, HVPMOs, specialty products
and infrared products for the remainder of fiscal 2017.  

Revenue
Dollars and Units by Product Group:   

  The
following table sets forth revenue dollars and units for our five product groups for the three month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015:  

Overall,
our global diversification strategies have resulted in revenue increasing by 19% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, as compared
to the prior year period with growth driven predominantly from the HVPMO and infrared product groups. We have seen strong growth
from the telecommunications sector.  

The
HVPMO product group benefitted from the strength in the telecommunications sector as the demand for increased bandwidth continues.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, sales of HVPMO lens units increased by 19%, and the average selling price increased by
51%, both as compared to the prior period, which produced a 80% increase in HVPMO revenue as compared to the prior year period.
The increases are due to the continued strength of the telecommunications sector, as well as some recovery of the Chinese industrial
tool market. Historically, revenue from our HVPMO product group had been derived from the industrial tool market in China, which
had experienced six years of declining growth.  

Our
unit shipment volume in LVPMO lenses increased by 33% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, as compared to the same period of the
prior fiscal year, which resulted in a 16% increase in revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, compared to the same period
of the prior fiscal year. This increase is attributed to growth in sales to customers in the defense, telecommunications and industrial
sectors. The average selling price decreased by 13%, compared to the same period in the prior year due to market conditions.  

We
also had growth in the infrared product group. Our infrared product revenue increased by 41% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017
as compared to the prior year period. The increases in revenue and units sold primarily derived from sales to customers in the
thermal market.  

Revenues
generated by our NRE products group decreased by 5% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the prior year period,
due to fewer projects for customers in the infrared, medical device and industrial markets. NRE revenue is project based and timing
of any such projects is wholly dependent on our customers and their project activity. Accordingly, management does not include
NRE in its projections or forecasts for purposes of developing its operating plan and budget.  

In
the first quarter of fiscal 2017, our specialty product revenue decreased by 32%, as compared to the prior year period. The decrease
in revenue is due to the absence of revenues generated from the sales of our fiber collimator assemblies sold to a customer pursuant
to a license agreement in the current period. Approximately $15,000 of the specialty group sales from the first quarter of fiscal
2017, compared to $390,000 in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, was due to fiber collimator assemblies sold to a customer pursuant
to a license agreement.  

Inventory
Levels:   

  We
manage our inventory levels to minimize investment in working capital but still have the flexibility to meet customer demand to
a reasonable degree. Management constantly reviews our inventory amounts, and, if such amount substantially increases or decreases,
management will further investigate the causes of any such fluctuations. While the amount and mix of inventory is an important
factor, including adequate safety stocks of long lead-time materials, another important aggregate measure of inventory in all
phases of production is the quarter s ending inventory expressed as a number of days worth of the quarter s cost of
sales, also known as  days cost of sales in inventory,  or  DCSI.  It is calculated by dividing the quarter s
ending inventory by the quarter s cost of goods sold, multiplied by 365 and divided by 4. Generally, a lower DCSI measure
equates to a lesser investment in inventory and therefore more efficient use of capital. During the quarters ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, our DCSI was 168 and 155 respectively, compared to an average DCSI of 163 for the year ended June 30, 2016. The
increase in DCSI from the previous fiscal year end is due to higher levels of tooling inventory to support our 12-month backlog
and our sales forecast, as well as an increase in revenues.  

Accounts
Receivable Levels and Quality:   

  Similarly,
we manage our accounts receivable to minimize investment in working capital. We measure the quality of receivables by the proportions
of the total that are at various increments past due from our normally extended terms, which are generally 30 days. Management
closely manages outstanding accounts receivables and promptly takes action once amounts are outstanding more than 30 days. An
important aggregate measure of accounts receivable is the quarter s ending balance of net accounts receivable expressed
as a number of days  worth of the quarter s net revenues, also known as  days sales outstanding,  or  DSO. 
It is calculated by dividing the quarter s ending net accounts receivable by the quarter s net revenues, multiplied
by 365 and divided by 4. Generally, a lower DSO measure equates to a lesser investment in accounts receivable, and therefore,
more efficient use of capital. For the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our DSO was 60 and 63, respectively. For the
year ended June 30, 2016, our average DSO was 65. The increased revenue lowered the DSO days as compared to the previous prior
year period. We strive to have a DSO no higher than 65.  

Other
Key Indicators:   

  Other
key indicators include various operating metrics, some of which are qualitative and others are quantitative. These indicators
change from time to time as the opportunities and challenges in the business change. They are mostly non-financial indicators
such as on time delivery trends, units of shippable output by major product line, production yield rates by major product line,
and the output and yield data from significant intermediary manufacturing processes that support the production of the finished
shippable product. These indicators can be used to calculate such other related indicators as fully-yielded unit production per-shift,
which varies by the particular product and our state of automation in production of that product at any given time. Higher unit
production per shift means lower unit cost, and, therefore, improved margins or improved ability to compete where desirable for
price sensitive customer applications. The data from these reports is used to determine tactical operating actions and changes.
Management also assesses business performance and makes business decisions regarding our operations using certain non-GAAP measures.
These non-GAAP measures are described in more detail below under the heading  Non-GAAP Financial Measures.   

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures    

We
report our historical results in accordance with GAAP; however, our management also assesses business performance and makes business
decisions regarding our operations using certain non-GAAP measures. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful
information to management and investors that is supplementary to our financial condition and results of operations computed in
accordance with GAAP; however, we acknowledge that our non-GAAP financial measures have a number of limitations. As such, you
should not view these disclosures as a substitute for results determined in accordance with GAAP, and they are not necessarily
comparable to non-GAAP measures that other companies use.  

Adjusted
Net Income:   

  We
calculate adjusted net income by excluding the change in the fair value of the June 2012 Warrants from net income. The fair value
of the June 2012 Warrants is re-measured each reporting period until the warrants are exercised or expire. Each reporting period,
the change in the fair value of the June 2012 Warrants is either recognized as non-cash expense or non-cash income. The change
in the fair value of the June 2012 Warrants is not impacted by our actual operations but is instead strongly tied to the change
in the market value of our common stock. Management uses adjusted net income to evaluate our operating performance and for planning
and forecasting future business operations. We believe the use of adjusted net income may be useful to investors as one means
of evaluating our operational performance. The following table reconciles adjusted net income to net income for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Our
adjusted net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $97,000, as compared to adjusted net income
of approximately $475,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The difference in adjusted net income between the periods
was principally caused by higher SG A costs incurred as a result of the proposed acquisition of ISP. We also recognized less
non-cash income as a result of the change in the fair value of the June 2012 Warrant liability during the first quarter of fiscal
2017, as compared to non-cash expense during the prior year period. The change in the fair value of the June 2012 Warrants is
not impacted by our actual operations but is instead strongly tied to the change in the market value of our common stock.  

EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA:   

  EBITDA
and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures used by management, lenders, and certain investors as a supplemental measure
in the evaluation of some aspects of a corporation s financial position and core operating performance. Investors sometimes
use EBITDA as it allows for some level of comparability of profitability trends between those businesses differing as to capital
structure and capital intensity by removing the impacts of depreciation and amortization. EBITDA also does not include changes
in major working capital items such as receivables, inventory and payables, which can also indicate a significant need for, or
source of, cash. Since decisions regarding capital investment and financing and changes in working capital components can have
a significant impact on cash flow, EBITDA is not a good indicator of a business s cash flows. We use EBITDA for evaluating
the relative underlying performance of our core operations and for planning purposes. We calculate EBITDA by adjusting net income
to exclude net interest expense, income tax expense or benefit, depreciation and amortization, thus the term  Earnings Before
Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization  and the acronym  EBITDA.   

We
also calculate an adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the effect of the non-cash income or expense associated with the mark-to-market
adjustments, related to our June 2012 Warrants. The fair value of the June 2012 Warrants is re-measured each reporting period
until the warrants are exercised or expire. Each reporting period, the change in the fair value of the June 2012 Warrants is either
recognized as a non-cash expense or non-cash income. The change in the fair value of the June 2012 Warrants is not impacted by
our actual operations but is instead strongly tied to the change in the market value of our common stock. Management uses adjusted
EBITDA to evaluate our underlying operating performance and for planning and forecasting future business operations. We believe
this adjusted EBITDA is helpful for investors to better understand our underlying business operations. The following table reconciles
EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Our
adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $621,000, compared to approximately $671,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The difference in adjusted EBITDA between the periods was principally caused by lower
net income recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to $485,000 of expenses for the ISP acquisition, and higher
income taxes and lower non-cash income due to the change in the fair value of the June 2012 Warrants. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA
were also negatively affected by the increase in SG A costs, which included approximately $484,000 in costs as a result of
expenses incurred related to the proposed acquisition of ISP.  

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements    

We
do not engage in any activities involving variable interest entities or off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates    

Allowance
for accounts receivable  is calculated by taking 100% of the total of invoices that are over 90 days past due from due date
and 10% of the total of invoices that are over 60 days past due from the due date for U.S. based accounts and 100% on invoices
that are over 120 days past due for China based accounts without an agreed upon payment plan. Accounts receivable are customer
obligations due under normal trade terms. We perform continuing credit evaluations of our customers  financial condition.
Recovery of bad debt amounts which were previously written off is recorded as a reduction of bad debt expense in the period the
payment is collected. If our actual collection experience changes, revisions to our allowance may be required. After attempts
to collect a receivable have failed, the receivable is written off against the allowance.  

Inventory
obsolescence reserve  is calculated by reserving 100% for items that have not been sold in two years or that have not been
purchased in two years or which we have more than a two year supply. These items as identified are reserved at 100%, as well as
reserving 50% for other items deemed to be slow moving within the last twelve months and reserving 25% for items deemed to have
low material usage within the last six months. The parts identified are adjusted for recent order and quote activity to determine
the final inventory reserve.  

Revenue
 is recognized from product sales when products are shipped to the customer, provided that we have received a valid purchase
order, the price is fixed, title has transferred, collection of the associated receivable is reasonably assured, and there are
no remaining significant obligations. Revenues from product development agreements are recognized as milestones as completed in
accordance with the terms of the agreements and upon shipment of products, reports or designs to the customer. Invoiced amounts
for value-added taxes (VAT) related to sales are posted to the balance sheet and not included in revenue. Revenue recognized from
equipment leasing is recognized over the lease term.  

Stock
based compensation  is measured at grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the
employee s requisite service period. We estimate the fair value of each stock option as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton
pricing model. Most options granted under the Plan vest ratably over two to four years and generally have ten-year contract lives.
The volatility rate is based on four-year historical trends in common stock closing prices and the expected term was determined
based primarily on historical experience of previously outstanding options. The interest rate used is the U.S. Treasury interest
rate for constant maturities. The likelihood of meeting targets for option grants that are performance based are evaluated each
quarter. If it is determined that meeting the targets is probable then the compensation expense will be amortized over the remaining
vesting period.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures  

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2016, the end of the
period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 in reporting on a timely basis information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act.  

During
the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.  

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
1. Legal Proceedings   

None  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

None  

Item
5. Other Information   

None.  

Item
6. Exhibits   

The
following exhibits are filed herewith as a part of this report.  

Exhibit
    Number    
         
       Description   
         
       Notes    

3.1.1  
         
      Certificate
    of Incorporation of Registrant, filed June 15, 1992 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      1   

3.1.2  
         
      Certificate of Amendment to Certificate
    of Incorporation of Registrant, filed October 2, 1995 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      1   

3.1.3  
         
      Certificate of Designations of Class
    A common stock and Class E-1 common stock, Class E-2 common stock, and Class E-3 common stock of Registrant, filed November
    9, 1995 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      1   

3.1.4  
         
      Certificate of Designation of Series
    A Preferred Stock of Registrant, filed July 9, 1997 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      2   

3.1.5  
         
      Certificate of Designation of Series
    B Stock of Registrant, filed October 2, 1997 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      3   

3.1.6  
         
      Certificate of Amendment of Certificate
    of Incorporation of Registrant, filed November 12, 1997 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      3   

3.1.7  
         
      Certificate of Designation of Series
    C Preferred Stock of Registrant, filed February 6, 1998 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      4   

3.1.8  
         
      Certificate of Designation, Preferences
    and Rights of Series D Participating Preferred Stock of Registrant filed April 29, 1998 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      5   

3.1.9  
         
      Certificate of Designation
    of Series F Preferred Stock of Registrant, filed November 2, 1999 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      6   

3.1.10   
         
      Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, filed February 28, 2003 with the Secretary of State of Delaware  
         
      7   

3.1.11   
         
       Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of LightPath Technologies, Inc., filed March 1, 2016 with the Secretary of State of Delaware   
         
      *   

3.2  
         
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant  
         
      1   

31.1  
         
       Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
         
      *   

31.2  
         
       Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
         
      *   

32.1  
         
       Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code   
         
      *   

32.2  
         
       Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code   
         
      *   

101.INS  
         
      XBRL Instance
    Document  
         
      *   

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Schema Document  
         
      *   

101.CAL  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
         
      *   

101.DEF  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
         
      *   

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Label Linkbase Document  
         
      *   

101.PRE  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Presentation Linkbase Document  
         
      *   

Notes:   

  1.
This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No: 000-27548) filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on February 3, 2015 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto.  

2.
This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-KSB40 (File No: 000-27548) filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on September 11, 1997 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto.  

3.
This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to our quarterly report on Form 10-QSB (File No: 000-27548) filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on November 14, 1997 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto.  

4.
This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-47905) filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on March 13, 1998 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto.  

5.
This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No: 000-27548) filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on April 28, 1998 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto.  

6.
This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No: 333-94303) filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2000 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto.  

7.
This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to our Proxy Statement (File No: 000-27548) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on January 24, 2003 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto.  

*   filed
                                         herewith    

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ J. James Gaynor  

President and Chief Executive Officer    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Dorothy
    M. Cipolla  

Ch ief Financial Officer    

<EX-3.1.11>
 2
 ex3-1_11.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

LightPath Technologies, Inc. 10-Q  

Exhibit 3.1.11  

CERTIFICATE OF
AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION  

  OF LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

The undersigned officer of LightPath Technologies,
Inc. (the  Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under and by the virtue of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the  DGCL ), does hereby certify: 

1.             The
name of the Corporation is LightPath Technologies, Inc. 

2.           The
date on which the Corporation s original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State is June
15, 1992 (the  Certificate of Incorporation ). 

3.           The
Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended by replacing paragraph (a) of Article FOURTEENTH in its entirety with the following: 

The number of directors constituting the entire Board
shall be not less than three nor more than twelve as fixed from time to time by vote of a majority of the entire Board; provided,
however, that the number of directors shall not be reduced as to shorten the time of any director at the time in office.  

4.           The
Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended by replacing Article ELEVENTH in its entirety with the following: 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate
of Incorporation or the By-laws of the corporation (and in addition to any other vote that may be required by law, by this Certificate
of Incorporation or by the By-laws), the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) at least 85% of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (considered for this purpose one class)
shall be required to amend, alter, or repeal this Article ELEVENTH, any provision of Articles SEVENTH, TENTH, or THIRTEENTH of
this Certificate of Incorporation, or paragraphs (b) or (c) of Article FOURTEENTH of this Certificate of Incorporation, and (ii)
at least 85% of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
(considered for this purpose as one class) shall be required to amend, alter, or repeal any provision of Articles FOURTH or TWELFTH
of this Certificate of Incorporation if such amendment is not approved by a majority of the members of the board of directors
then in office who were directors prior to the three year period ending on the date that any person became an  interested
stockholder  as defined in Section 203(c)(5) of GCL or who were recommended for election or elected to succeed such directors
by a majority of such directors.  

5.       This Certificate of Amendment has been duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the
DGCL, including approval by the stockholders of the Corporation upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the DGCL, at the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Corporation convened on January 28, 2016 and then immediately adjourned and subsequently
reconvened on February 25, 2016. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  LightPath Technologies,
Inc. has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by its President and Chief Executive Officer as of March 1st, 2016. 

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ J. James Gaynor   

J. James Gaynor, President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-3.1.11>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

LightPath Technologies, Inc. 10-Q  

Exhibit
31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

  Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

I, J. James Gaynor, certify that: 

1.           I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LightPath Technologies, Inc.; 

2.           Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.           Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.           The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)             Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)             Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)             Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)             Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a)             All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)             Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/ J. James Gaynor  

J. James Gaynor  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

LightPath Technologies, Inc. 10-Q  

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Chief Financial Officer   

  Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

I, Dorothy M. Cipolla, certify that: 

1.           I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LightPath Technologies, Inc.; 

2.           Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.           Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.           The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)             Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)             Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)             Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)             Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a)             All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)             Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Dorothy M. Cipolla   

Dorothy M.
    Cipolla   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

LightPath Technologies, Inc. 10-Q  

Exhibit 32.1  

Certifications of Chief Executive Officer   

  Pursuant to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title
18 of the United States Code    

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as created
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of LightPath Technologies, Inc. (the
 Company ) does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that:  

1.       The Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.       The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  
     November 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ J. James Gaynor  

J. James Gaynor,  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

The certifications
set forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not
be deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A signed original
of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to LightPath Technologies, Inc. and will be retained by LightPath Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

LightPath Technologies, Inc. 10-Q  

Exhibit 32.2  

Certifications
of Chief Financial Officer   

  Pursuant to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title
18 of the United States Code   

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as created
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of LightPath Technologies, Inc. (the
 Company ) does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that:  

1.       The Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.       The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:   
     November 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ Dorothy M. Cipolla  

Dorothy M. Cipolla,  

Chief Financial Officer  

The certifications
set forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not
be deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to
LightPath Technologies, Inc. and will be retained by LightPath Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 lpth-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lpth-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 lpth-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lpth-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lpth-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lpth-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

