<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_936446_0001477932-16-013545_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1167840</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59834</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>97392</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>216294</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>371302</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>327159</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013545.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115115808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Precision Aerospace Components, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000936446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-HARDWARE [5072]
		IRS NUMBER:				204763096
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30185
		FILM NUMBER:		161998595

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		351 CAMER DR.
		CITY:			BENSALEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718- 356-1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		351 CAMER DR.
		CITY:			BENSALEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JORDAN 1 HOLDINGS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GASEL TRANSPORTATION LINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000327

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013545.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 paos_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   paos_10q.htm      
 
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, DC 20549         FORM 10-Q         x  QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934      For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016     or       o  TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934      For the transition period from ___________ to ______________     Commission File No.   000-30185                 PRECISION AEROSPACE COMPONENTS, INC.        (Exact Name of Small Business Issuer as Specified in Its Charter)                   Delaware           20-4763096       (State or Other Jurisdiction of  Incorporation or Organization)         (IRS Employer  Identification No.)          351 Camer Dr.     Bensalem, PA 22109    (Address of Principal Executive Offices)       (215)-245-5700    (Issuer s Telephone Number, including Area Code)     (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No  o      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No  o      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer ,  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.             Large Accelerated Filer            Accelerated Filer           Non-Accelerated Filer            Smaller Reporting Company    x      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)                        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  x      APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY  PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. N/A     Number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, as of November 14, 2016: 298,900      

TABLE OF CONTENTS                                Page              PART I      FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                Item 1.     Financial Statements   (Unaudited)               3                                        Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets              3                                          Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations              4                                          Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows              5                                          Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements              6                                       Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations              13                                       Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk              15                                       Item 4.     Controls and Procedures              15                                         PART II OTHER INFORMATION                                     Item 6.     Exhibits              17                                        Signatures              18                      Item 1 . Financial Statements             The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.                  3       
     Table of Contents               The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.                  4       
     Table of Contents               The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.                  5       
     Table of Contents          PRECISION AEROSPACE COMPONENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     NOTES TO CONDENSEDCONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    (UNAUDITED)       1. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS       Precision Aerospace Components, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the  Company ) distributes high-quality, predominantly domestically-manufactured, technically complex, nut and bolt products and a proprietary locking washer product that are used primarily for aerospace and military applications and for industrial/commercial applications that require a high level of certified and assured quality.     The Company's operations are carried out through its wholly-owned distribution subsidiaries, Aero-Missile Components, Inc. ( Aero-Missile ), Freundlich Supply Company, Inc. ( Freundlich ),Creative Assembly Systems, Inc. ( Creative Assembly ) and Tiger-Tight Corp. ( Tiger-Tight ). Aero-Missile and Freundlich both have stocking distributor relationships with a number of United States fastener manufacturers and sell high technology, specially engineered fasteners - nuts and bolts - predominantly to all levels of the aviation industries (original equipment manufacturers, maintenance and repair organizations, and other distributors as well as to the United States Department of Defense ( Department of Defense ). Creative Assembly is a value added distributor of proprietary and specialty fasteners primarily serving the heavy truck, automotive, transportation, and infrastructure industries. Tiger-Tight was the exclusive North American master distributor of the Tiger-Tight locking washer.In the first quarter of 2015, the Company cancelled the master distribution agreement due to lack of sales. The Company will continue to evaluate opportunities to supply the product into production, but without the master distributor agreement. In the first quarter of 2016, Precision s wholly owned subsidiary, Freundlich, was merged into Aero-Missile and Tiger-Tight was merged into Creative Assembly. Precision will continue to use the Freundlich and Tiger-Tight trade names.     The Company s products are manufactured, by others, to exacting specifications and are made from materials that provide the strength and reliability required for their aerospace and industrial applications.     On January 16, 2015, Precision Group Holdings LLC ( PGH ) and C3 Capital Partners III, L.P. ( C3 ) refinanced the outstanding debt of the Company and purchased approximately 85,791,534 (34,317 shares post-reverse split) newly issued shares of restricted Common Stock of the Company representing approximately 86.22% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. On June 6, 2016 the shareholders of the Company approved a resolution to increase authorized shares of Common Stock from 100,000,000 shares to 800,000,000 so as to be able to issue the additional shares of Common Stock to PGH and C3. Also on June 6, 2016, the shareholders of the Company approved a resolution to deauthorize its Preferred A, B and C stock.Effective June 30, 2016, the Company issued 435,071,882 (174,028 post-reverse split) and 212,742,109 (85,096 post-reverse split) of restricted common stock to PGH and C3, respectively, resulting in the collective ownership of 98.1%.On October 18, 2016, the Company completed a 1-for-2500 reverse stock split. No fractional shares were issued. Shareholders received $0.02 in consideration for each  pre-split  share of a fractional share. Amounts for the Company s historical (pre-reverse stock split) common stock including share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted using the respective ratio of 1-for-2500 in these financial statements, unless otherwise disclosed and indicated.       2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       Interim Consolidated Financial Statements      The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and in conformity with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X and the related rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. However, we believe that the disclosures included in these financial statements are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this document have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements, and in the Company s opinion reflect all adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation in accordance with GAAP and SEC regulations for interim financial statements. The results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that the Company will have for any subsequent period. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 24, 2016.                  6       
     Table of Contents          Earnings (Loss) Per Share      Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net profit attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the year. Basic earnings (loss) per share excludes any dilutive effects of options, warrants and other stock-based compensation, which are included in diluted earnings per share. When a company is in a loss situation, all outstanding dilutive shares are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings because their inclusion would be antidilutive; and the basic and fully diluted common shares outstanding are stated to be the same.      Use of Estimates      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The significant estimates are the useful lives of tangible assets, reserves for inventory and accounts receivable and the valuation of shareholder put option.      Inventory      Inventories are carried at the lower of cost on an average cost basis, or market. When necessary, management records an inventory reserve for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory based upon knowledge of future demand of inventory on hand as well as other market conditions and events. As of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, the inventory reserve was $5,185,820 and $5,866,818, respectively.     Management believes that the longer a part sits on the shelf the higher the likelihood that it will not sell in the future. This belief is not unique to the fastener industry. While management constantly assesses viability of a part within the customer base, it also believes that a reserve should be carried to reflect product that is aging out, as opposed to product that management identified based on a specific event. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had more than 40,000 unique part numbers on hand that had carrying value. Management believes that the two methods, specific identification and reserve based on age, to analyzing inventory will reflect the appropriate balance sheet value.      Concentration of Credit Risk      For the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, sales to The United States Department of Defense accounted for 19.5% of total sales, versus 17.10% of sales for the prior nine month period ending September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the Department of Defense receivables were approximately $282,392, which accounted for 12.6% of total receivables.      For the nine month period ending September 30, 2016 sales to PACCAR accounted for 18.5% of total sales, versus 20.4% of sales for the prior nine month period ending September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016, PACCAR receivables were approximately $429,279, which accounted for 19.2% of total receivables.       Concentration of Suppliers      The Company s two largest suppliers, SPS Technologies and AVK, represent approximately 38.41% of product distributed for the nine months ending September 30, 2016. The Company s two largest suppliers, SPS Technologies and AVK, represent approximately 49.6% of product distributed for the nine months ending September 30, 2015. For nearly all suppliers, the Company looks to have secondary supply outlets. However, manufacturing issues with any supplier could cause temporary disruptions to the Company.                  7       
     Table of Contents          Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities      In accordance with the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements and the fair value election for financial assets and financial liabilities, a fair value measurement is determined based on the assumptions that a market participant would use in pricing an asset or liability. A three-tiered hierarchy was established that draws a distinction between market participant assumptions based on the following:               i)     observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets (Level 1)        ii)     inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2)        iii)     unobservable inputs that require the Company to use present value and other valuation techniques in the determination of fair value (Level 3).         Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measure. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurements requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of the assets and liabilities being measured and their placement within the fair value hierarchy.      Income Taxes        The Company provides for income taxes under ASC Topic 740-10. ASC Topic 740-10 requires the use of an asset and liability approach in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. Temporary differences relate primarily to different accounting methods used for depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and deferred compensation.     ASC Topic 740-10 requires the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.     ASC Topic 740-10 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income tax positions, as defined. It requires, among other matters, that the Company recognize in our financial statements, the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company analyzes the filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where the Company is required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not record any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company's policy, if it had unrecognized benefits, is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense and other expense, respectively.      Revenue Recognition      Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the fee is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue when product is shipped or when it is received by the customer, depending on the contractual terms.      3. LONG-TERM DEBT AND LINE OF CREDIT         Securities Purchase Agreement       On the January 16, 2015, (the  Effective Date ), the Company and its Subsidiaries entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement) with C3, pursuant to which the Company and its Subsidiaries authorized the issuance and sale to C3 of (1) a Senior Secured Note issued by the Subsidiaries in the amount of $5,500,000 ( Note A ), (2) a Subordinated Secured Note issued by the Subsidiaries in the amount of $3,500,000 ( Note B ), and (3) 8 million shares of unregistered Common Stock for a loan from C3.                   8       
     Table of Contents         Note A will accrue at 11% interest per annum, with 10% payable monthly and 1% accruing to the outstanding balance of Note A, payable at maturity. Note A has a Maturity Date of January 16, 2020. If Note A principal is prepaid from a recapitalization of outside capital, a prepayment penalty will apply on the following schedule: (1) 5% of the amount prepaid until the first anniversary of Note A, (2) 4% of the amount prepaid after the first anniversary until the second anniversary of Note A, (3) 3% of the amount prepaid after the second anniversary of Note A until the third anniversary of Note A, (4) 2% of the amount prepaid after third anniversary of Note A until the fourth anniversary of Note A, and (5) 1% of the amount prepaid after the fourth anniversary of Note A until the Maturity Date. Note A is secured against all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries. On September 30, 2016, Note A had a principal balance of $500,000.     Note B will accrue at 14% interest per annum. Note B has a Maturity Date of January 16, 2020. If Note B principal is prepaid from a recapitalization of outside capital, a prepayment penalty will apply on the following schedule: (1) 3% of the amount prepaid until the first anniversary of Note B, (2) 2% of the amount prepaid after the first anniversary until the second anniversary of Note B, and (3) 1% of the amount prepaid after the second anniversary of Note A until the third anniversary of Note B. Note B is secured against all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries. On September 30, 2016, Note B had a principal balance of $3,500,000.     Under the Securities Purchase Agreement, so long as Note A remains outstanding, C3 will have the right to control the Company s board of directors, which will be limited to no more than five (5) members during this time. Once Note A is paid in full and for so long as Note B remains outstanding, C3 will have the right to elect and control one (1) member seat of the Company s board.     The Company has granted C3 a put right under the Securities Purchase Agreement for the Common Stock C3 has received (whether by purchase or grant) at any time after the earlier to occur of (1) the fifth (5th ) anniversary of the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement for Common Stock (for Granted Equity), (2) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement (for Purchased Equity), (3) payment in full of the amounts owed under Note A and Note B, or (4) upon an Event of Default, as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement. The put right may be exercised by C3 for all or a portion of the Common Stock at an agreed upon valuation of the Company.     The Securities Purchase Agreement also contains customary covenants, representations and warranties of the parties, including, among others, (1) the grant by the Company to C3 of a lienon all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (2) a pledge with respect to all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries to secure the obligations under the Securities Purchase Agreement of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (3) an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee by the Company of the performance of the obligations under the Securities Purchase Agreement of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (4) non-compete agreements with certain executive officers of the Company, and (5) the assignment to C3 of key-man life insurance policies for certain of the Company s executive officers. In addition, until all amounts under Note A and Note B are paid in full, the Company has also agreed to comply with certain financial covenants that require the Company to meet pre-established financial ratios. C3 requires the company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.1 to 1, and a net debt to EBITDA ratio of less than 4.25 to 1 for the year of 2016, 4.25 to 1 for the year 2017; and dropping to 2.0 to 1 in each fiscal quarter thereafter. For the purposes of calculating EBITDA, the Company makes certain adjustments and add backs for expenses that are deemed one time. As of the current date the Company was in compliance with its financial covenants. The Company is also required to conduct its business in the ordinary course and take certain actions only with C3 s prior consent.     In conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the parties entered into other Transaction Agreements on the Effective Date, including a Security Agreement and Subordination Agreement, whereby (1) C3 was granted a security interest in all existing and future property of the Company and its Subsidiaries to secure the performance by the Company and its Subsidiaries of their Obligations under the Securities Purchase Agreement and (2) all current and future debt owed to certain of the Company creditors became subordinate and subject in right and time of payment to the prior payment in full of all current and future indebtedness owed to C3.                  9       
     Table of Contents           Refinancing with Webster Business Credit Corporation       On August 25, 2015, the Company established a new revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $7,500,000 (the "WBCC Revolving Loan") by entering into a Credit Agreement (the "WBCC Credit Agreement") with Webster Business Credit Corporation, as Lender ("WBCC"). The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries, Freundlich Supply Company, Inc., Tiger-Tight Corp., Aero-Missile Components, Inc., and Creative Assembly Systems serve as guarantors of the WBCC Revolving. Borrowings under the WBCC Revolving Loan may be used to finance working capital and other general corporate purposes.     On August 25, 2015, pursuant to the WBCC Credit Agreement, the Company used an initial advance of $5,125,000 under the Revolving Loan to repay $5,000,000 of principal on Note A issued by the Subsidiaries in favor of C3 Capital Partners III, L.P. in the amount of $5,500,000 on January 16, 2015. A principal balance of $500,000 remains on Note A. Pursuant to the partial repayment to C3, the Company incurred a $250,000 prepayment penalty, of which $125,000 was paid to C3 on August 25, 2015.     Borrowings under the WBCC Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company's election, at a rate tied to one of the following rates: (i) the prime lending rate plus 1.25% or (ii) the adjusted daily LIBOR rate plus 2.75%. For the three months ending September 30, 2016, the effective interest rate was 3.41%.     Borrowings under the WBCC Credit Agreement are senior to Note A and Note B.     The outstanding principal amount of any borrowings under the WBCC Revolving Loan will be due and payable on August 25, 2018, subject to an earlier maturity date upon an event of default.     The WBCC Credit Agreement contains usual and customary covenants for financings of this type, including, among other things: (i) requirements to deliver financial statements, other reports and notices; (ii) restrictions on indebtedness; (iii) restrictions on dividends, distributions and redemptions of equity and repayment of subordinated indebtedness; (iv) restrictions on liens; (v) restrictions on making certain payments; (vi) restrictions on investments; (vii) restrictions on asset dispositions and other fundamental changes; and (viii) restrictions on transactions with affiliates.     The WBCC Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants, including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. As of September 30, 2016 and the current date, the Company was in compliance with these metrics.     The obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries under the WBCC Credit Agreement are secured by liens and security interests on all assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including a pledge of 100% of the equity of the Subsidiaries.     Under the WBCC Credit Agreement, the Company is dependent upon its line of credit to maintain appropriate liquidity. All of the Company's cash flow from operations is required to be swept to its line of credit. The availability from its line is dependent upon accounts receivable and inventory.     Under the WBCC Credit Agreement, the Company's interest rate for the WBCC Revolving Loan is linked to indices. Changes in the indices would cause an increase in interest expense. The Company's interest rate on Note A and Note B with C3 is fixed and not linked to indices.     As of September 30, 2016, the Revolving Loan had a principal balance of $5,387,098 net of the origination and transaction costs being amortized.              Management Services Agreement       On January 16, 2015, the Company and Polymathes Capital, LLC, an affiliate of Holdings, ("Consultant"), entered into a Management Services Agreement whereby the Company engaged the Consultant to provide financing and management consulting services to the Company and its Subsidiaries on a month-to-month basis. The consulting fee is $100,000 per annum, payable in monthly increments.       C3 Put       C3, our subordinated lender, maintains their right to force the Company to repurchase its shares upon certain triggering events. The Company maintains a liability on its balance sheet that reflects the fair value of the put option. To arrive at this liability the Company performed a valuation based on comparable company metrics. This technique would be considered a Level 3 fair market value approach. The Company performed its valuation in accordance with FASB s  ASC 820   Fair Value Measurements.      The technique used was a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ). The Company subtracted the total average outstanding debt and added back the available cash to arrive at the fair value of the put option. The Company made certain customary adjustments to EBITDA in order to provide a more accurate representation in regards to the Company s financial situation. The Company recorded debt discount of $165,650 based on the C3 Put s fair value at issuance on January 16, 2015. This amount will be amortized over the life of the Company s five year subordinated notes. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s valuation estimate for the C3 Put was $472,000.     The table below sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of the Company's Level 3 financial liabilities:             4. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES       Operating Leases      The Company has six facilities, which are primarily office and warehouse space. These facilities are all leased under operating leases, that are either month-to-month or less than one year in duration. In some cases the Company is responsible for real estate taxes, utilities, and repairs under the terms of certain of the operating leases.       Litigation      The Company is subject to the possibility of claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the Company liability, if any, under existing claims, asserted or unasserted, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.      Employment Agreements      During 2010, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its President and Chief Executive Officer. In the event of the termination of the agreement under certain circumstances the Company could be liable for up to twelve months' salary. On January 16, 2015, Andrew Prince resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer. In consideration for his resignation without termination payments, the Company entered into a two-year financial consulting agreement with Mr. Prince that entitles him to a minimum of $100,000 in consulting fees payable by January 16, 2017.            On April 1, 2016, the Company appointed Victor Mondo as President of Aero-Missile. Mr. Mondo became Chief Executive Officer of the Company on July 18, 2016. In connection with his appointment, the Company and Mr. Mondo entered into a written employment agreement (the "Employment Agreement") for an initial three-year term, which provides for the following compensation terms for Mr. Mondo. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Mondo will receive a base salary of $195,000 per year, subject to increase, but not decrease, at the discretion of the Board. Mr. Mondo is eligible for a cash bonus equal to 4% of Adjusted EBITDA over $2,000,000 at the end of each respective annual period. In addition, within 30 days following December 31, 2016, Mr. Mondo shall receive shares of the common stock of the Company equal to 3% of the total equity on a fully diluted basis, which will fully vest on December 31, 2018. Furthermore, Mr. Mondo is eligible to receive shares of common stock equal to up to 9% of the total equity on a fully diluted basis, subject to certain growth metrics for each annual period.     In addition, the Employment Agreement also provides for certain payments and benefits in the event of a termination of his employment under specific circumstances. If, during the term of the Employment Agreement, his employment is terminated by the Company other than for "cause," death or disability or by Mr. Mondo for "good reason" (each as defined in the Employment Agreement), he would be entitledto (1) continuation of his base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the termination date for six (6) months following the termination date, and (2) any unpaid portion of any cash bonus for the annual period preceding the annual period in which such termination occurs that was earned but not paid.      On or about April 29, 2016, Rich McVaugh resigned as President of Aero-Missile and became a third-party consultant to the Company. The consulting agreement provides for compensation of $1,000 per week for six months.      5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS      During April 2013, our former primary shareholder and former CEO entered into a short term agreement to make a loan to the Company (the  Prince Note ). The outstanding balance for the loan wasapproximately $535,000 with an original maturity date of October 14, 2013. The loan had a stated interest rate of 10%. These funds were used in order to satisfy certain vendor obligations.      On the January 16, 2015, the Company paid $250,000 due and payable on the Prince Note. In addition, the Company and Mr. Prince agreed to amend the Prince Note to have an outstanding balance of $285,000 with an interest rate of one-half percent (0.50%) per annum with interest payable monthly. Beginning in February 2015, the Company agreed to pay 0.7% of its aggregate gross sales on the Prince Note until the Prince Note is repaid. If aggregate gross sales exceed $34,000,000 for calendar year 2016, the Company will make a one-time payment of $130,000 for interest recoupment. As of September 30, 2016, the Prince Note had no remaining principal balance.      6. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS      On August 26, 2016, the Company filed a Definitive Information Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in anticipation of a reverse stock split. The ratio was set at 1-for-2500 shares of Common Stock. After the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation with the State of Delaware and requisite FINRA approval, the stock split became effective on October 18, 2016. No fractional shares were issued. Shareholders received $0.02 in consideration for each  pre-split  share of a fractional share.               ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS        FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS      This Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" relating to Precision Aerospace Components, Inc. (the "Company") which represent the Company's current expectations or beliefs including, but not limited to, statements concerning the Company's operations, performance, financial condition and growth. For this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-Q that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may", "anticipate", "intend", "could", "estimate" or "continue" or the negative or other comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, such as credit losses, dependence on management and key personnel, variability of quarterly results, and the ability of the Company to continue its growth strategy and the Company s competition, certain of which are beyond the Company's control. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, or any of the other risks set out under the caption  Risk Factors  in the Company s 10-K report for the year ended December 31, 2015 occur, actual outcomes and results could differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.     Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.      General      The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements, and the notes thereto, included herein. The information contained below includes statements of the Company's or management's beliefs, expectations, hopes, goals and plans that, if not historical, are forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of forward-looking statements, see the information set forth in the Introductory Note to this Quarterly Report under the caption "Forward Looking Statements" which information is incorporated herein by reference.     The condensed consolidated interim financial statements included herein have been prepared, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The condensed consolidated financial statements and notes are presented as permitted on Form 10-Q and do not contain information included in the Company s annual consolidated statements and notes. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 may not be indicative of the results for the entire year.     These statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which in the opinion of management, are necessary for fair presentation of the information contained herein.      Plan of Operation and Discussion of Operations       The Company distributes high-quality, predominantly domestically-manufactured, technically complex, nut and bolt products and a proprietary locking washer product that are used primarily for aerospace and military applications and for industrial/commercial applications that require a high level of certified and assured quality.            The Company's aerospace operations are carried out through its wholly-owned distribution subsidiary Aero-Missile , which has Stocking Distributor relationships with a number of United States fastener manufacturers and who sell high technology, specially engineered fasteners - nuts and bolts - predominantly to all levels of the aviation industries (original equipment manufacturers, maintenance and repair organizations, and other distributors as well as to the United States Department of Defense ( Department of Defense )). Creative Assembly is a value added distributor of proprietary and specialty fasteners for production, primarily serving the heavy truck, automotive, appliance, and material handling industries. In the first quarter of 2016, Freundlich, was merged into Aero-Missile and Tiger-Tight was merged into Creative Assembly. Precision will continue to use the Freundlich and Tiger-Tight trade names.     The Company s products are manufactured, by others, to exacting specifications and are made from materials that provide the strength and reliability required for their aerospace and industrial applications.     The Company is a niche player in the North American fastener industry. The fastener distribution industry is highly fragmented with no single company holding a dominant position. The Company competes with numerous distributors who serve as authorized stocking distributors for the fastener manufacturers in the Company s supplier base.     The Company s subsidiary, Aero-Missile, is a Master Distributor for SPS Technologies FLEXLOC    Locknut product line. The Company is now achieving growing revenues from sales of the FLEXLOC    line which it anticipates will continue to grow as Aero-Missile continues to invest capital and efforts in this product line.     The FLEXLOC    Locknut is a premium locknut line with Military, Aerospace and Industrial applications. FLEXLOC    locknuts have been designed into challenging joint applications by engineers for over 50 years. The FLEXLOC    line enjoys an unequalled history of success in applications where resistance to severe vibration is required. As a Master Distributor, Aero-Missile Components will service a network of SPS Authorized FLEXLOC    Distributors. The FLEXLOC    Locknut product line is manufactured by SPS Technologies domestically in the United States. FLEXLOC    is a registered trademark of SPS Technologies, a PCC Company.     The Company is a one-stop source for standard, self-locking, semi-special and special nuts, bolts and washers manufactured to several military, aerospace and industrial specifications. The Company maintains an inventory of approximately 40,000 SKUs comprised of approximately 65 million parts of premium quality, brand name fastener products.     The Company sells its products pursuant to written purchase orders from its customers. All products are shipped from the Company s warehouses via common carrier.     The United States Department of Defense represented approximately 19.5% of the Company s total sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. PACCAR Inc represented approximately 18.5% of the Company s total sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. No other customer accounted for greater than 10% of the Company s total sales. At September 30, 2016, the Department of Defense and PACCAR receivables were approximately $282,392 and $429,279, respectively, which accounted for 12.6% and 19.2% of total receivables, respectively. For the period ending September 30, 2015, the Department of Defense accounted for 17.1% of outstanding sales.     The Company s two largest suppliers, SPS Technologies and AVK, represent approximately 38.41% of product distributed for the nine months ending September 30, 2016. The Company s two largest suppliers, SPS Technologies and AVK, represent approximately 49.6% of product distributed for the nine months ending September 30, 2015.      Results from Operations for nine months ending September 30, 2016      The Company s revenues decreased approximately 15.4% or $3,276,174 for nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $18,007,110 from $21,283,284 in the comparable period last year.            Government purchasing has declined during this quarter as the Department of Defensehas dealt with uncertainties regarding its funding and the Company had raised some of its offering prices to accommodate transient higher goods costs necessitated by required purchases of smaller lots. Longer term, although a reduced Government purchasing schedule will impact sales to manufacturers, the pace of operations of the military and prescribed maintenance schedules are the driving forces behind the consumption of the parts supplied by the Company to the Government and reallocation of inventory investment will generally maintain present government sales levels. Repair and maintenance to equipment no longer immediately required for combat requirements will take an extended time. Additionally possible restrictions of new purchases will mitigate toward additional repair and refurbishment of existing equipment.     The Company s gross profit decreased approximately 3.1% or $137,112 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $4,229,421 from $4,366,533 in the comparable period last year. From time to time the Company will experience margin mix that will lead to temporarily higher or lower gross profit.      The Company s total operating expenses decreased 10.2% or $338,464 for the nine months September 30, 2016 to $2,988,526 from $3,326,990 in the comparable period last year. This is largely a result of reductions in staff and third party consultants.     The Company s accounts receivable have increased by approximately $118,836 to $2,240,607 at September 30, 2016 from 2,121,771 at December 31, 2015; this difference is due to mainly to normal deviations in customer payments. The Company s inventory has decreased approximately $1,245,223 as of September 30, 2016 from December 31, 2015, partially due to better working capital management practices with a few key customers in conjunction with an increase in reserves for inventory obsolescence.      Liquidity       The Company believes that it can meet its financial obligations at its presently contemplated operating levels, even as its growth is constrained by its present financing. However, if the anticipated sales levels are not attained, the Company s availability to access its line of credit would be adversely affected. The Company believes that its present funding is insufficient to enable the Company to accomplish some of its desired sales growth plans. The Company is presently seeking to expand its capital availability which will enable the Company to fully take advantage of sales opportunities presented to it which require the Company to make additional investments in inventory.     The Company believes it can expand its business with its present staff numbers.       ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       This item is not required for smaller reporting companies, and, if it were required, is not applicable to the Company s present operations.       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES       (A) Disclosure Controls and Procedures     We carried out an evaluation with the participation of our chief executive officer who serves as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation our chief executive officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective atSeptember 30, 2016 as to ensure that the information relating to our company required to be disclosed in our SEC reports (i) is recorded, process, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures due to the existence of material weaknesses.             The material weaknesses are as follows:                   A lackof sufficient resources including a designated chief financial officer and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight, which restricted the Company s ability to gather, analyze and report information relative to the financial statement assertions in a timely manner, including insufficient documentation and review of selection of generally accepted accounting principles.                        The limited size of the accounting department makes it impractical to achieve an appropriate level of segregation of duties. Specifically, due to lack of personnel, effective controls were not designed and implemented to ensure accounting functions were properly segregated.                        Due to a lack of adequate staffing within the finance department and adequate staffing within operational departments that provide information to the finance department, we did not establish and maintain effective controls over certain of our period-end financial close and reporting processes. Specifically, effective controls were not designed and implemented to ensure that journal entries were properly prepared with sufficient support or documentation or were reviewed and approved to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the journal entries recorded.          The Company may add additional personnel and procedures, which we believe will remedy these weaknesses in disclosure controls and procedures in future periods. However, there are no assurances we will be able to devote the necessary capital to hire the additional personnel and institute the additional systems, policies and procedures to the level necessary. In that event, there are no assurances that the material weaknesses described above will be timely remediated or not result in errors in our financial statements in future periods.      Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting      There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.              PART II     OTHER INFORMATION        ITEM 6. EXHIBITS       The following exhibits are included herein:              Exhibit No.           Exhibit                         31.1        Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended                         31.2           Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended                         32.1           Certification of Chief Executive Officer and of the Company required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended                         32.2        Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended                        101         XBRL Interactive Data Files               SIGNATURES       In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                  PRECISION AEROSPACE COMPONENTS, INC.                       Dated: November 14, 2016   By:    /s/ Victor Mondo                   Victor Mondo               Chief Executive Officer                   EXHIBIT INDEX               Exhibit Number           Description                         31.1           Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended                         31.2           Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended                         32.1           Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended                         32.2           Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended                        101         XBRL Interactive Data Files                   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 paos_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   paos_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1         Certification      I, Victor Mondo, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precision Aerospace Components, Inc. (the  Company );               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and have:                       a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         b.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;                         c.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and                         d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.                  5.  The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                    a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: November 14, 2016   By:    /s/ Victor Mondo                   Victor Mondo               Chief Executive Officer and President             

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 paos_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   paos_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2         Certification      I, John Wachter, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Precision Aerospace Components, Inc. (the  Company );               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and have:                       a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         b.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;                         c.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and                         d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.                  5.  The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                    a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: November 14, 2016   By:    /s/ John F. Wachter                   John F. Wachter               Chief Financial Officer                         

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 paos_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   paos_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1         Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350)      In connection with the Quarterly Report (the  Report ) of Precision Aerospace Components, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Victor Mondo, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge:                  (1)    the report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                    (2)    the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                    Date: November 14, 2016    By:     /s/ Victor Mondo                Victor Mondo               Chief Executive Officer and President         

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 paos_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   paos_ex322.htm      EXHIBIT 32.2         Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350)      In connection with the Quarterly Report (the  Report ) of Precision Aerospace Components, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, John Wachter, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge:                  (1)    the report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                    (2)    the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                    Date: November 14, 2016    By:     /s/ John Wachter                John Wachter               Chief Financial Officer         

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 paos-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 paos-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 paos-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 paos-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 paos-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 paos-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

