<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1577603_0001437749-16-041947_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8795932</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62283</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>302570</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3437731</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3700802</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1112639</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-16-041947.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114114325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-041947
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Delanco Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001577603
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55087
		FILM NUMBER:		161992346

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		615 BURLINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			DELANCO
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		856-461-0611

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		615 BURLINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			DELANCO
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08075

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-16-041947.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 dlno20160901_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   dlno20160901_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549      

FORM 10-Q   
  (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
  OR  

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT      
     
  For the transition period from ________________________ to _______________________  
     
  Commission file number: 0-55087     
     
    DELANCO BANCORP, INC.    
  (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)  

New Jersey    
    (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation   
  or organization)   
 
    80-0943940     
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)     
       
    615 Burlington Avenue, Delanco, New Jersey 08075    
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
    (856) 461-0611    
  (Issuer s telephone number)  
    Not Applicable    
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes                        No      
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes                        No      
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  accelerated filer,   large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer    
 
   [   ]   
 
   Accelerated filer   
 
   [   ]    

Non-accelerated filer    
 
   [   ]   
 
   Smaller reporting company   
 
   [X]     
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No      
     
  As of November 2, 2016 there were 945,425 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.  

DELANCO BANCORP, INC.   
     
   FORM 10-Q   
     
   Index   

Page   
   No.     

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
 
  Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and March 31, 2016   
 
    1    

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
 
    2    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)   
 
    3    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)   
 
    4    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)    
 
    5    

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
 
    6    

Item 2.   
 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 
    25    

Item 3.   
 
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 
    29    

Item 4.   
 
  Controls and Procedures   
 
    29    

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
 
  Legal Proceedings   
 
  29     

Item 1A.   
 
  Risk Factors   
 
    29    

Item 2.   
 
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 
  30     

Item 3.   
 
  Defaults upon Senior Securities   
 
    30    

Item 4.   
 
  Mine Safety Disclosures   
 
    30    

Item 5.   
 
  Other Information   
 
    30    

Item 6.   
 
  Exhibits   
 
    30    

Signatures    
 
    31     

Part I. Financial Information   
   Item 1. Financial Statements   
     
   DELANCO BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
   Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition   

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.   

1

DELANCO BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
   Consolidated Statements of Income   
   (Unaudited)   

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.   

2

DELANCO BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
   (Unaudited)   

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

3

DELANCO BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity   
   (Unaudited)   

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.   

4

DELANCO BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
   (Unaudited)   

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.      

5

DELANCO BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
   Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
   September 30, 2016   

(1)    
 
   Basis of Presentation      
     
  On October 16, 2013, Delanco Bancorp, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the  Company ), became the holding company for Delanco Federal Savings Bank (the  Bank ) upon completion of the  second-step  conversion of the Bank from a mutual holding company structure to a stock holding company structure (the  Conversion ). The Conversion involved the sale by the Company of 525,423 shares of common stock in a subscription and community offering, including shares purchased by the Bank s employee stock ownership plan, the exchange of 420,002 shares of common stock of the Company for shares of common stock of the former Delanco Bancorp, Inc. ( old Delanco Bancorp ) held by persons other than Delanco MHC (the  MHC ), and the elimination of old Delanco Bancorp and the MHC. Net proceeds received from the reorganization and stock offering totaled $3,280,000, net of costs of $923,000.   
     
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not include all disclosures necessary for a complete presentation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). However, all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the interim financial statements have been included. Such adjustments were of a normal recurring nature. The results of operations for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year or any other interim period. For additional information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto of the Company included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016.   

(2)    
 
   Use of Estimates      
     
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance for losses on loans and the evaluation of deferred taxes.  

(3)    
 
   Deferred Income Taxes      
       
  We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We exercise significant judgment in evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of the resulting tax liabilities and assets. These judgments require us to make projections of future taxable income. The judgments and estimates we make in determining our deferred tax assets, which are inherently subjective, are reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change.  
     
  The calculation of deferred taxes for GAAP capital differs from the calculation of deferred taxes for regulatory capital. For regulatory capital, deferred tax assets that are dependent upon future taxable income for realization are limited to the lesser of either the amount of deferred tax assets that the institution expects to realize within one year of the calendar quarter-end date, or 10% of the Bank s Tier I capital. As a result of this variance, our Tier I regulatory capital ratio is lower than our GAAP capital ratio by 121 basis points.  

6

(4)    
 
   Income Taxes      
     
   The Bank accounts for uncertainties in income taxes in accordance with Financial ASC Topic 740  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes . ASC Topic 740 prescribes a threshold and measurement process for recognizing in the financial statements a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition.  The Bank has determined that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in its financial statements.     
     
  Tax year 2015 remains subject to examination by Federal and 2013 through 2015 by New Jersey taxing authorities. In the event the Bank is assessed for interest and/or penalties by taxing authorities, such assessed amounts will be classified in the financial statements as income tax expense   .   

(5)    
 
   Earnings Per Share      
     
  Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) are computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the entity.  
     
  The difference between the common shares issued and the common shares outstanding for the purposes of calculating basic EPS is a result of the unallocated ESOP shares.  
     
  The calculated basic and dilutive EPS are as follows:   

7

(6)    
 
   Regulatory Agreement            
     
  On December 17, 2012, the Bank received a formal written agreement (the  Agreement ) with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the  OCC ) dated November 21, 2012.  The Agreement supersedes and terminates the Order to Cease and Desist entered into by and between the Bank and the Office of Thrift Supervision on March 17, 2010.  
     
  The Agreement requires the Bank to take the following actions:  

prepare a three-year strategic plan that establishes objectives for the Bank s overall risk profile, earnings performance, growth, balance sheet mix, liability structure, reduction in the volume of nonperforming assets, and product line development;     

prepare a capital plan that includes specific proposals related to the maintenance of adequate capital, identifies strategies to strengthen capital if necessary and includes detailed quarterly financial projections.  If the OCC determines that the Bank has failed to submit an acceptable capital plan or fails to implement or adhere to its capital plan, then the OCC may require the Bank to develop a contingency capital plan detailing the Bank s proposal to sell, merge or liquidate the Bank;     

prepare a criticized asset plan that will include strategies, targets and timeframes to reduce the Bank s level of criticized assets;     

implement a plan to improve the Bank s credit risk management and credit administration practices;     

implement programs and policies related to the Bank s allowance for loan and lease losses, liquidity risk management, independent loan review and other real estate owned;     

review the capabilities of the Bank s management to perform present and anticipated duties and to recommend and implement any changes based on such assessment;     

not pay any dividends or make any other capital distributions without the prior written approval of the OCC;     

not make any severance or indemnification payments without complying with regulatory requirements regarding such payments; and     

comply with prior regulatory notification requirements for any changes in directors or senior executive officers.     
     
  We have submitted strategic and capital plans to the OCC and have developed the other plans and policies required by the written agreement. The written agreement will remain in effect until terminated, modified, or suspended in writing by the OCC.   
     
  The Agreement does not require the Bank to maintain any specific minimum regulatory capital ratios. Separately, the OCC established higher individual minimum capital ratios for the Bank. Specifically, the Bank must maintain a Tier 1 capital to adjusted total assets ratio of at least 8%, a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 12% and a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 13%. The Bank's ratios of Tier 1 capital to adjusted total assets, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and total capital to risk-weighted assets at September 30, 2016 were 8.86%, 16.19% and 17.46%, respectively.  

8

(7)    
 
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements       
     
  There was one recent amendment to an accounting pronouncements since the March 31, 2016 audited financial statements.   
       
  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14: Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Deferral of the Effective Date. On May 28, 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. For public business entities, the effective date was for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. In response to stakeholders  requests to defer the effective date of the guidance in Update 2014-09 and in consideration of feedback received through extensive outreach with preparers, practitioners and users of financial statements, the Board issued proposed Accounting Standards Update, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendments in this update defer the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company intends to comply with the effective date of this update.   

(8)    
 
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments      
     
  ASC Topic 820-10 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. ASC Topic 820 does not require any new fair value measurements. The adoption of ASC Topic 820-10 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  
     
  ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels, as described below:  

Level 1        
 
  Level 1 input are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.    

Level 2        
 
  Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets, quoted prices in markets that are not considered to be active, and observable inputs other than quoted prices such as interest rates.    

Level 3       
 
  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs.     

9

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below (dollars in thousands):  

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using   

Quoted Prices  
  in Active   
  Markets for   
  Identical Assets  
  (Level 1)   

Significant   
  Other   
  Observable   
  Inputs  
  (Level 2)   

Significant Other  
  Unobservable   
  Inputs  
  (Level 3)   

September 30, 2016   

Available-for-sale securities   
   
 $ 

$ 
 2,141 

$ 

March 31, 2016   

Available-for-sale securities   
   
 $ 

$ 
 2,150 

$ 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands):  

The fair value of impaired loans and real estate owned is generally based on recent real estate appraisals. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach.  
     
  A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of any input significant to the fair value measurement.  

10

As required by ASC Topic 825-10-65, the estimated fair value of financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 was as follows:  

11

Off-balance sheet instruments   
     
  Off-balance sheet instruments are primarily comprised of loan commitments and unfunded lines of credit which are generally priced at market rate at the time of funding. Therefore, these instruments have nominal value prior to funding.  

The Bank monitors and assesses the credit risk of its loan portfolio using the classes set forth below. These classes also represent the segments by which the Bank monitors the performance of its loan portfolio and estimates its allowance for loan losses.  
     
  Residential real estate loans consist of loans secured by one to four family residences located in the Bank s market area. The Bank has originated one to four family residential mortgage loans in amounts up to 80% of the lesser of the appraised value or selling price of the mortgaged property without requiring mortgage insurance. A mortgage loan originated by the Bank, for owner occupied property, whether fixed rate or adjustable rate, can have a term of up to 30 years. Non-owner occupied property, whether fixed rate or adjustable rate, can have a term of up to 30 years. Adjustable rate loan terms limit the periodic interest rate adjustment and the minimum and maximum rates that may be charged over the term of the loan based on the type of loan.  
     
  Commercial real estate loans are generally originated in amounts up to the lower of 80% of the appraised value or cost of the property and are secured by improved property such as multi-family dwelling units, office buildings, retail stores, warehouses, church buildings and other non-residential buildings, most of which are located in the Bank s market area. Commercial real estate loans are generally made with fixed interest rates which mature or re-price in 5 to 7 years with principal amortization of up to 25 years.  
     
  Commercial loans include short and long-term business loans and commercial lines of credit for the purposes of providing working capital, supporting accounts receivable, purchasing inventory and acquiring fixed assets. The loans generally are secured by these types of assets as collateral and/or by personal guarantees provided by principals of the borrowers.  
     
  Construction loans will be made only if there is a permanent mortgage commitment in place. Interest rates on commercial construction loans are typically in line with normal commercial mortgage loan rates, while interest rates on residential construction loans are slightly higher than normal residential mortgage loan rates. These loans usually are adjustable rate loans and generally have terms of up to one year.  
     
  Consumer loans include installment loans and home equity loans, secured by first or second mortgages on homes owned or being purchased by the loan applicant. Home equity term loans and credit lines are credit accommodations secured by either a first or second mortgage on the borrower s residential property. Interest rates charged on home equity term loans are generally fixed; interest on credit lines is usually a floating rate related to the prime rate. The Bank generally requires a loan to value ratio of less than or equal to 80% of the appraised value, including any outstanding prior mortgage balance.  

12

Loans at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands):  

The Bank is subject to a loans-to-one-borrower limitation of 15% of capital funds. At September 30, 2016, the loans-to-one-borrower limitation was $1.8 million; this excluded an additional 10% of adjusted capital funds or approximately $1.2 million, which may be loaned if collateralized by readily marketable securities. At September 30, 2016, there were no loans outstanding or committed to any one borrower, which individually or in the aggregate exceeded the Bank s loans to-one-borrower limitations of 15% of capital funds.   
      
        A summary of the Bank s credit quality indicators is as follows:  
     
  Pass   A credit which is assigned a rating of Pass shall exhibit some or all of the following characteristics:  

a.   
 
  Loans that present an acceptable degree of risk associated with the financing being considered as measured against earnings and balance sheet trends, industry averages, etc. Actual and projected indicators and market conditions provide satisfactory evidence that the credit will perform as agreed.     

b.   
 
  Loans to borrowers that display acceptable financial conditions and operating results. Debt service capacity is demonstrated and future prospects are considered good.     

c.   
 
  Loans to borrowers where a comfort level is achieved by the strength of the cash flows from the business or project and the strength and quantity of the collateral or security position (i.e.; receivables, inventory and other readily marketable securities) as supported by a current valuation and/or the strong capabilities of a guarantor.     
     
  Special Mention   Loans on which the credit risk requires more than ordinary attention by the Loan Officer. This may be the result of some erosion in the borrower s financial condition, the economics of the industry, the capability of management, or changes in the original transaction. Loans which are currently sound yet exhibit potentially unacceptable credit risk or deteriorating long term prospects, will receive this classification. Loans which deviate from loan policy or regulations will not generally be classified in this category, but will be separately reported as an area of concern.  

13

Classified   Classified loans include those considered by the Bank to be substandard, doubtful or loss.  
     
  An asset is considered  substandard  if it involves more than an acceptable level of risk due to a deteriorating financial condition, unfavorable history of the borrower, inadequate payment capacity, insufficient security or other negative factors within the industry, market or management. Substandard loans have clearly defined weaknesses which can jeopardize the timely payment of the loan.  
     
  Assets classified as  doubtful  exhibit all of the weaknesses defined under the substandard category but with enough risk to present a high probability of some principal loss on the loan, although not yet fully ascertainable in amount.  
     
  Assets classified as  loss  are those considered uncollectible or of little value, even though a collection effort may continue after the classification and potential charge-off.  

Non-Performing Loans   
     
  Non-performing loans consist of non-accrual loans (loans on which the accrual of interest has ceased), loans over ninety days delinquent and still accruing interest, renegotiated loans and impaired loans. Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status if, in the opinion of management, collection is doubtful, or when principal or interest is past due 90 days or more, unless the collateral is considered sufficient to cover principal and interest and the loan is in the process of collection.  
     
  The Bank continues to work with its borrowers where possible and is pursuing legal action where the ability to work with the borrower does not exist.  As of September 30, 2016, the Bank has entered into formal forbearance agreements with six relationships totaling $874 thousand   that require current payments while the borrowers restructure their finances.  
     
  The following table represents loans by credit quality indicator at September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands):  

14

The following table represents past-due loans as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands):  

Impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future discounted cash flows, the fair value of the loan or the fair value of the underlying collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The recognition of interest income on impaired loans is the same for non-accrual loans discussed above. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had 17 loan relationships totaling $3.3 million in non-accrual loans as compared to 18 relationships totaling $2.8 million at March 31, 2016. The average balance of impaired loans totaled $5.3 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $5.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, and interest income recorded on impaired loans for the six months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $74 thousand as compared to $201 thousand for the year ended March 31, 2016.  
     
  The following table represents data on impaired loans at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands):  

15

The following table presents impaired loans by portfolio class at September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands):  

The following table presents impaired loans by portfolio class at March 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands):  

16

The following table represents nonaccrual loans as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands):  

17

During the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Bank experienced a $509 thousand net increase in non-accrual loans. This change reflects the downgrading of five loan relationships to non-accrual status totaling $796 thousand during the six months ended September 30, 2016. The downgraded loans consisted of one residential mortgage totaling $223 thousand, one commercial real estate relationship with two loans totaling $425 thousand, two commercial loans totaling $133 thousand and one consumer loan totaling $15 thousand. Additionally one loan increased in outstanding based on $10 thousand of capitalized expenses. These additions to the non-accruals were offset by one commercial loan for $21 thousand and one residential mortgage for $100 thousand that returned to accruing status, one residential mortgage for $77 thousand that returned to accruing status through a restructuring, one commercial real estate loan for $40 thousand that was charged off, one residential loan in the amount of $54 thousand   that was transferred to real estate owned and repayments on loans of $5 thousand  .  
       
  The following table presents troubled debt restructurings that occurred during the periods ended September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 and loans modified as troubled debt restructurings within the previous 6 and 12 month periods and for which there was a payment default during the period.   

Number   
  of Contracts   

Recorded Investment  

Number  
  of Contracts   

Recorded Investment   

Troubled debt restructurings that subsequently defaulted:   

Residential real estate   

The following table presents the changes in real estate owned (REO), net of valuation allowance, for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016:   

18

The following table presents the changes in fair value adjustments to REO for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016:   

The following table sets forth with respect to the Bank s allowance for losses on loans (dollars in thousands):  

19

Additional details for changes in the allowance for loan by loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands):  
     
   Allowance for Loan Losses   

The Bank prepares an allowance for loan loss model on a quarterly basis to determine the adequacy of the allowance. Management considers a variety of factors when establishing the allowance, such as the impact of current economic conditions, diversification of the loan portfolio, delinquency statistics, results of independent loan review and related classifications. The Bank s historic loss rates and the loss rates of peer financial institutions are also considered.   
     
  On a monthly basis, the loan committee meets to review each problem loan and determine if there has been any change in collateral value due to changes in market conditions. Each quarter, when calculating the allowance for loan loss, the loan committee reviews an updated loan impairment analysis on each problem loan to determine if a specific provision for loan loss is warranted. Management reviews the most recent appraisal on each loan adjusted for holding and selling costs. In the event there is not a recent appraisal on file, the Bank will use the aged appraisal and apply a discount factor to the appraisal and then adjust the holding and selling costs from the discounted appraisal value.   

20

In evaluating the Bank s allowance for loan loss, the Bank maintains a loan committee consisting of senior management and the Board of Directors that monitors problem loans and formulates collection efforts and resolution plans for each borrower.  
     
  For the six months ending September 30, 2016, the Bank experienced one charge-off relating to one relationship totaling $40 thousand and two partial charge-offs related to two relationships totaling $56 thousand as compared to one charge-off relating to one loan relationship totaling $71 thousand and partial charge-offs relating to three loan relationships totaling $68 thousand for the year ended March 31, 2016.  
     
  At September 30, 2016, the Bank maintained an allowance for loan loss ratio of 1.23% to loans outstanding. Non-performing assets have decreased by $182 thousand over their stated levels at March 31, 2016, representing a non-performing asset to total asset ratio of 4.62% at September 30, 2016 as compared to a non-performing asset to total asset ratio of 4.74% at March 31, 2016.     
     
  The Bank s charge-off policy states that any asset classified loss shall be charged-off within thirty days of such classification unless the asset has already been eliminated from the books by collection or other appropriate entry. On a quarterly basis, the loan committee will review past due, classified, non-performing and other loans, as it deems appropriate, to determine the collectability of such loans. If the loan committee determines a loan to be uncollectable, the loan shall be charged to the allowance for loan loss. In addition, upon reviewing the collectability, the loan committee may determine a portion of the loan to be uncollectable; in which case that portion of the loan deemed uncollectable will be partially charged-off against the allowance for loan loss.  

(10)    
 
   Investment Securities         
     
  Investment securities have been classified according to management s intent. The amortized cost of securities and their approximate fair values as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 are as follows:  

21

22

The following is a summary of maturities of securities held-to-maturity and available-for-sale as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016:  

The amortized cost and fair value of mortgage-backed securities are presented in the held-to-maturity category by contractual maturity in the preceding table. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without call or prepayment penalties.  

23

Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position, follows:  

24

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is given to (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Bank to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value.  
     
  At September 30, 2016, the 14 debt securities with unrealized losses have depreciated 0.04% from the Bank s amortized cost basis. These unrealized losses relate principally to current interest rates for similar types of securities. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government, its agencies, or other governments, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and the results of reviews of the issuer s financial condition. As management has the ability to hold debt securities until maturity, or for the foreseeable future if classified as available-for-sale, no declines are deemed to be other-than-temporary.  
     
   Item 2.        Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
  Management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations at and for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is intended to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Financial Statements and the notes thereto, appearing in Part I, Item 1 of this report.  
     
   Forward-Looking Statements   
     
  This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions and may describe our future plans, strategies and expectations. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by use of the words  believe,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   project  or similar expressions.   
     
  Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations include, but are not limited to, changes in interest rates, national and regional economic conditions, legislative and regulatory changes, monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board, the quality and composition of our loan or investment portfolios, demand for loan products, deposit flows, competition, demand for financial services in our market area, changes in real estate market values in our area, and changes in relevant accounting principles and guidelines.   
     
  These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to release publicly the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.  

25

General   
     
  Delanco Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Delanco Federal Savings Bank. Delanco Federal Savings Bank operates from two offices in Burlington County, New Jersey. Delanco Federal Savings Bank is engaged primarily in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and using such funds to originate a variety of consumer and business loans.   
     
   Balance Sheet Analysis   
       
    Overview  . Total assets at September 30, 2016 were $128.8 million, a decrease of $600 thousand from total assets of $129.4 million at March 31, 2016. Total liabilities decreased $700 thousand from $116.1 million at March 31, 2016 to $115.4 million at September 30, 2016. Total stockholders  equity increased $100 thousand to $13.4 million at September 30, 2016, primarily due to net income   offset by the decrease in other comprehensive income related to decreased values in the available for sale securities portfolio.  
     
    Loans  . At September 30, 2016, total loans, net, were $83.4 million, or 64.7% of total assets. Overall loans increased by $1.2 million as increased production exceeded the payoff and amortization of loans. Commercial and multi-family real estate loans increased by $356 thousand, residential real estate loans by $656 thousand, residential construction loans by $403 thousand and home equity loans by $44 thousand while commercial loans decreased by $272 thousand and consumer loans by $42 thousand.   
     
  Total nonperforming loans at September 30, 2016 increased   $169 thousand from March 31, 2016.   
     
    Securities  . The investment securities portfolio was $22.8 million, or 17.7% of total assets, at September 30, 2016. At that date, 3.3% of the investment portfolio was invested in mortgage-backed securities, while the remainder was invested primarily in U.S. Government agency and other debt securities. Investment securities decreased $1 million compared to March 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily due to calls of debt securities.   
     
    Deposits  . Total deposits were $113.1 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.2 million compared to March 31, 2016. Deposits increased as the Bank made a conscious effort to reduce its reliance   on high costing time deposits. Core deposits increased $753 thousand for the six months ended September 30, 2016 while time deposits decreased by $542 thousand.   
     
   Results of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     
    Financial Highlights     .   The net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $18 thousand as compared to a net loss of $5 thousand for the same prior year period. Net income for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $78 thousand as compared to a net loss of $22 thousand for the same prior year period. The increase in net income for the three-month period was primarily the result of decreased non-interest expenses such as salaries   and employee benefits, loan expenses and real estate owned expenses offset by a lower net interest income and lower non-interest income. The increase in net income for the six-month period was primarily the result of the lower non-interest expenses as well as the recapture from the loan loss reserve as compared to a provision to the loan loss reserve in the prior period.  
     
    Net Interest Income.       Net interest income decreased $46 thousand to $1.9 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period. The Bank saw an increase in the interest rate spread (7 basis points) and a decrease in net interest margin (7 basis points) for the six month period.  The rates earned on assets declined, resulting in a 2.5% decrease in total net interest income for the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the six months ended September 20, 2015. Total interest expense decreased by 5.4% between the same periods.     

26

Average loans in the six months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.2 million, or 2.7%, compared with the same period in 2015, driven by increased production in the residential mortgage   portfolio   .  Average investment securities in the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $4.3 million, or 17.1%, compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in the investment portfolio was due   to calls of debt securities. Declining interest rates decreased the average yield on earning assets to 3.54% for the six months ended September 30, 2016, compared with 3.71% for the same period in 2015.     
     
  Average interest-bearing deposits in the six months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.8 million or 1.8%, compared with the same period in 2015. Declining interest rates decreased the average cost of deposits to 0.51% compared with 0.56% for the same period in 2015.  
     
    Provision for Loan Losses.      The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio.  We evaluate the need to establish allowances against losses on loans on a quarterly basis.  When additional allowances are necessary, a provision for loan losses is charged to earnings.  There was no provision for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a recovery of $48 thousand in the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $-0- and $1  0 thousand, respectively, for the comparable 2015 periods  .  We had $73 thousand and $9 thousand in net charge-offs in the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $9 thousand and $47 thousand in net charge-offs in the same prior year periods. The charge-offs were primarily the result of re-evaluations of the collateral securing classified assets.  
     
    Non-Interest Income.      Non-interest income decreased $52 thousand in the six-month period ending September 30, 2016 compared to the six-month period ended September 20, 2015 primarily due to decreased rental income for both the three and six months ending September 30, 2016.  
     
    Non-Interest Expenses.      Non-interest expenses decreased $122 thousand and $189 thousand in the three and six months ending September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to decreases in real estate owned expenses, loan expenses, salaries and employee benefits and provisions to the reserve for real estate owned.  
     
   Liquidity Management      
     
  Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Our primary sources of funds consist of deposit inflows, loan repayments, maturities of and payments on investment securities and borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, Atlantic Central Bankers Bank and the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition.   
     
  We regularly adjust our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of (1) expected loan demand, (2) expected deposit flows, (3) yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities and (4) the objectives of our asset/liability management policy.   
     
  Our most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents. The levels of these assets depend on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $12 million. At September 30, 2016, we had $1 million in outstanding borrowings and had arrangements to borrow up to $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and $1 million from Atlantic Central Bankers Bank.  

27

At September 30, 2016, substantially all of our investment securities were classified as held to maturity. We have classified our investments in this manner, rather than as available for sale, because they were purchased primarily to provide a source of income and not to provide liquidity. We anticipate that a portion of future investments will be classified as available for sale in order to give us greater flexibility in the management of our investment portfolio.  
     
  A significant use of our liquidity is the funding of loan originations. At September 30, 2016, we had $201 thousand in loan commitments outstanding. We also had $6.1 million in unused lines of credit and $240 thousand in unfunded construction loans. Historically, many of the lines of credit expire without being fully drawn; therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Another significant use of our liquidity is the funding of deposit withdrawals. Certificates of deposit due within one year of September 30, 2016 totaled $21.5 million, or 55.3% of certificates of deposit. The large percentage of certificates of deposit that mature within one year reflects customers  hesitancy to invest their funds for long periods in the low interest rate environment. If these maturing deposits do not remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of funds, including other certificates of deposit and borrowings. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the certificates of deposit due on or before September 30, 2017. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant portion of our certificates of deposit will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered.  
     
  Our primary investing activities are the origination and purchase of loans and the purchase of securities. Our primary financing activities consist of activity in deposit accounts and Federal Home Loan Bank advances. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by us and our local competitors and other factors. We generally manage the pricing of our deposits to be competitive. Occasionally, we offer promotional rates on certain deposit products to attract deposits.  
     
  The Company is a separate entity and apart from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company had $480 thousand in cash and cash equivalents.  Substantially all of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were obtained from proceeds it retained from the Bank s mutual-to-stock conversion completed in October 2013. In addition to its operating expenses, Company may utilize its cash position for the payment of dividends or to repurchase common stock, subject to applicable restrictions.  
     
  The Company can receive dividends from the Bank. Payment of such dividends to the Company by the Bank is limited under federal law. The amount that can be paid in any calendar year, without prior regulatory approval, cannot exceed the retained net earnings (as defined) for the year plus the preceding two calendar years. Under the terms of its written agreement with the OCC, the Bank is not permitted to pay dividends without prior regulatory approval. In addition, at the request of the Federal Reserve, the Company has adopted resolutions that prohibit it from declaring or paying any dividends or taking any dividends or other distributions that would reduce the capital of the Bank without the prior written consent of the Federal Reserve.  
      
    Capital Management.   We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the OCC, including a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories. See note 6 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

28

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     .  In the normal course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are not recorded in our financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers  requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments and lines of credit.   
     
  For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
       
   Item 3.        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
  Not applicable as the Company is a smaller reporting company.  
     
   Item 4.        Controls and Procedures   
     
  The Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13(a)-15(e) that occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
       
   Part II. Other Information   
     
   Item 1.        Legal Proceedings   
     
  Delanco Bancorp is not involved in any pending legal proceedings. Delanco Federal Savings Bank is not involved in any pending legal proceedings other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. Such routine legal proceedings, in the aggregate, are believed by management to be immaterial to its financial condition and results of operations.  

Item 1A.       Risk Factors   
       
  There are no material changes from the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in the Company s Form 10-K are not the only risks that the Company faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that that the Company currently deems to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and/or operating results.  

29

Item 2.    
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

Not applicable.   

Item 3.    
 
   Defaults upon Senior Securities     

Not applicable.   

Item 4.    
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures.     

Not applicable.   

Item 5.    
 
   Other Information     

None.   

Item 6.    
 
   Exhibits      

3.1  
 
  Certification of Incorporation  (1)    

3.2  
 
  Bylaws  (2)    

4.0  
 
  Form of Specimen Stock Certificate  (3)    

31.1  
 
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

31.2  
 
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer   

32.0  
 
  Section 1350 Certification   

101  
 
 The following materials from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language); (i) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    

(1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-189244) filed with the Commission on June 12, 2013. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-189244) filed with the Commission on June 12, 2013. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.0 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-189244) filed with the Commission on June 12, 2013. 

30

Signatures   
       
  In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

DELANCO BANCORP, INC.      

Dated: November 14, 2016   
 
  By:   
 
   /s/ James E. Igo   

James E. Igo   

Chairman, President and    

Chief Executive Officer    

31   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   dlno20160901_10q.htm 

Exhibit 31.1  
       
   Certification   
     
  I, James E. Igo, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Delanco Bancorp, Inc.;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/ James E. Igo   
  James E. Igo  
  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer      

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   dlno20160901_10q.htm 

Exhibit 31.2   
       
   Certification   
     
  I, Eva Modi, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Delanco Bancorp, Inc.;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.0
 
   dlno20160901_10q.htm 

Exhibit 32.0   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADDED BY   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Delanco Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), we hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.   
 
  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and      

2.   
 
  The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of the Company as of and for the period covered by this Report.     

By:   
 
   /s/ James E. Igo   
  James E. Igo  
  President and Chief Executive Officer  
  November 14, 2016    

By:   
 
   /s/ Eva Modi   
  Eva Modi  
  Chief Financial Officer  
  November 14, 2016     

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 dlno-20160930.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dlno-20160930.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dlno-20160930_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dlno-20160930_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dlno-20160930_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dlno-20160930_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

