<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-Q_edgar_data_799850_0001171843-16-013642_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3785505</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112434</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>263503</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>755453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1725303</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>847368</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013642.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214154627
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013642
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAS CARMART INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000799850
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		IRS NUMBER:				630851141
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14939
		FILM NUMBER:		162051089

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		802 SOUTHEAST PLAZA AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BENTONVILLE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72712
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(479) 464-9944

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		802 SOUTHEAST PLAZA AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BENTONVILLE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72712

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CROWN GROUP INC /TX/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CROWN CASINO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SKYLINK AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013642.txt : 20161214

10-Q
 1
 f10q_121216p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

[ X ] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016 

Or 

[   ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission file number: 0-14939 

AMERICA S CAR-MART, INC.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Texas  
      63-0851141   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
    or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

802 Southeast Plaza Ave., Suite
200, Bentonville, Arkansas 72712   

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(zip code)  

(479) 464-9944   

  (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes      No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). 

 Yes     No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated
filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  o   
         
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer  o   
         
      Smaller reporting company  o    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No     

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

   Item 1. Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
       America s Car-Mart, Inc.    

(Unaudited)   

 (Dollars in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   
       America s Car-Mart, Inc.    
 
   (Unaudited)   

 (Dollars in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
       America s Car-Mart, Inc.    
 
   (Unaudited)   

 (In thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      America s Car-Mart, Inc .    

A   Organization
and Business  

America s Car-Mart, Inc., a Texas corporation
(the  Company ), is one of the largest publicly held automotive retailers in the United States focused exclusively
on the  Integrated Auto Sales and Finance  segment of the used car market. References to the Company typically include
the Company s consolidated subsidiaries. The Company s operations are principally conducted through its two operating
subsidiaries, America s Car Mart, Inc., an Arkansas corporation ( Car-Mart of Arkansas ), and Colonial Auto Finance,
Inc., an Arkansas corporation ( Colonial ). The Company primarily sells older model used vehicles and provides financing
for substantially all of its customers. Many of the Company s customers have limited financial resources and would not qualify
for conventional financing as a result of limited credit histories or past credit problems. As of October 31, 2016, the Company
operated 143 dealerships located primarily in small cities throughout the South-Central United States. 

B   Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies   

General 

The accompanying condensed consolidated balance
sheet as of April 30, 2016, which has been derived from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim condensed financial
statements as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for
interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals)
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the six months ended October 31, 2016 are
not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending April 30, 2017. For further information, refer
to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the
year ended April 30, 2016. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of America s Car-Mart, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

Segment Information 

Each dealership is an operating segment with
its results regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker in an effort to make decisions about resources
to be allocated to the segment and to assess its performance. Individual dealerships meet the aggregation criteria for reporting
purposes under the current accounting guidance. The Company operates in the Integrated Auto Sales and Finance segment of the used
car market, also referred to as the Integrated Auto Sales and Finance industry. In this industry, the nature of the sale and the
financing of the transaction, financing processes, the type of customer and the methods used to distribute the Company s
products and services, including the actual servicing of the contracts as well as the regulatory environment in which the Company
operates, all have similar characteristics. Each of our individual dealerships is similar in nature and only engages in the selling
and financing of used vehicles. All individual dealerships have similar operating characteristics. As such, individual dealerships
have been aggregated into one reportable segment. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Significant estimates include, but are not limited to, the Company s allowance for credit losses. 

Concentration of Risk 

The Company provides financing in connection
with the sale of substantially all of its vehicles. These sales are made primarily to customers residing in Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Texas, with approximately 30% of current period revenues resulting
from sales to Arkansas customers. 

Periodically, the Company maintains cash
in financial institutions in excess of the amounts insured by the federal government. The Company s revolving credit
facilities mature in October 2017. Subsequent to October 31, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement which amended and
restated the credit facilities; see further explanation in Note F. 

Restrictions on Distributions/Dividends 

The Company s revolving credit facilities
generally restrict distributions by the Company to its shareholders. The distribution limitations under the Credit Facilities allow
the Company to repurchase the Company s stock so long as: either (a) the aggregate amount of such repurchases does not exceed
$40 million beginning October 8, 2014 and the sum of borrowing bases combined minus the principal balances of all revolver loans
after giving effect to such repurchases is equal to or greater than 30% of the sum of the borrowing bases, or (b) the aggregate
amount of such repurchases does not exceed 75% of the consolidated net income of the Company measured on a trailing twelve month
basis; provided that immediately before and after giving effect to the stock repurchases, at least 12.5% of the aggregate funds
committed under the credit facilities remain available. Thus, the Company is limited in its ability to pay dividends or make other
distributions to its shareholders without the consent of the Company s lenders. 

Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments
purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Finance Receivables, Repossessions and Charge-offs
and Allowance for Credit Losses 

The Company originates installment sale
contracts from the sale of used vehicles at its dealerships. These installment sale contracts carry an average interest rate
of approximately 15.5% using the simple effective interest method including any deferred fees. In May 2016, the Company
increased its retail installment sales contract interest rate from 15.0% to 16.5% in response to continued high levels of
credit losses. Contract origination costs are not significant. The installment sale contracts are not pre-computed contracts
whereby borrowers are obligated to pay back principal plus the full amount of interest that will accrue over the entire term
of the contract. Finance receivables are collateralized by vehicles sold and consist of contractually scheduled payments from
installment contracts net of unearned finance charges and an allowance for credit losses. Unearned finance charges represent
the balance of interest receivable to be earned over the entire term of the related installment contract, less the earned
amount ($2.3 million at October 31, 2016 and $1.7 million April 30, 2016 on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets), and
as such, have been reflected as a reduction to the gross contract amount in arriving at the principal balance in finance
receivables .  

An account is considered delinquent when the
customer is one day or more behind on their contractual payments. While the Company does not formally place contracts on nonaccrual
status, the immaterial amount of interest that may accrue after an account becomes delinquent up until the point of resolution
via repossession or write-off, is reserved for against the accrued interest on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Delinquent
contracts are addressed and either made current by the customer, which is the case in most situations, or the vehicle is repossessed
or written off if the collateral cannot be recovered quickly. Customer payments are set to match their payday with approximately
73% of payments due on either a weekly or bi-weekly basis. The frequency of the payment due dates combined with the declining value
of collateral lead to prompt resolutions on problem accounts. At October 31, 2016, 4.8% of the Company s finance receivable
balances were 30 days or more past due compared to 3.5% at October 31, 2015. 

Substantially all of the Company s automobile
contracts involve contracts made to individuals with impaired or limited credit histories or higher debt-to-income ratios than
permitted by traditional lenders. Contracts made with buyers who are restricted in their ability to obtain financing from traditional
lenders generally entail a higher risk of delinquency, default and repossession, and higher losses than contracts made with buyers
with better credit. 

The Company strives to keep its delinquency
percentages low, and not to repossess vehicles. Accounts two days late are sent a notice in the mail. Accounts three days late
are contacted by telephone. Notes from each telephone contact are electronically maintained in the Company s computer system.
The Company attempts to resolve payment delinquencies amicably prior to repossessing a vehicle. If a customer becomes severely
delinquent in his or her payments, and management determines that timely collection of future payments is not probable, the Company
will take steps to repossess the vehicle. 

Periodically, the Company enters into contract
modifications with its customers to extend or modify the payment terms. The Company only enters into a contract modification or
extension if it believes such action will increase the amount of monies the Company will ultimately realize on the customer s
account and will increase the likelihood of the customer being able to pay off the vehicle contract. At the time of modification,
the Company expects to collect amounts due including accrued interest at the contractual interest rate for the period of delay.
No other concessions are granted to customers, beyond the extension of additional time, at the time of modifications. Modifications
are minor and are made for payday changes, minor vehicle repairs and other reasons. For those vehicles that are repossessed, the
majority are returned or surrendered by the customer on a voluntary basis. Other repossessions are performed by Company personnel
or third party repossession agents. Depending on the condition of a repossessed vehicle, it is either resold on a retail basis
through a Company dealership, or sold for cash on a wholesale basis primarily through physical or online auctions. 

Accounts are charged-off after the expiration
of a statutory notice period for repossessed accounts, or when management determines that the timely collection of future payments
is not probable for accounts where the Company has been unable to repossess the vehicle. For accounts with respect to which the
vehicle was repossessed, the fair value of the repossessed vehicle is charged as a reduction of the gross finance receivables balance
charged-off. For the quarter ended October 31, 2016, on average, accounts were approximately 60 days past due at the time of charge-off.
For previously charged-off accounts that are subsequently recovered, the amount of such recovery is credited to the allowance for
credit losses. 

The Company maintains an allowance for credit
losses on an aggregate basis at a level it considers sufficient to cover estimated losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance
sheet date in the collection of its finance receivables currently outstanding.  At October 31, 2016, the weighted average
total contract term was 31.7 months with 23.2 months remaining. The reserve amount in the allowance for credit losses at October
31, 2016, $111.3 million, was 25% of the principal balance in finance receivables of $474.3 million, less unearned payment protection
plan revenue of $18.5 million and unearned service contract revenue of $10.5 million. 

The estimated reserve amount is the Company s
anticipated future net charge-offs for losses incurred through the balance sheet date. The allowance takes into account historical
credit loss experience (both timing and severity of losses), with consideration given to recent credit loss trends and changes
in contract characteristics (i.e., average amount financed, months outstanding at loss date, term and age of portfolio), delinquency
levels, collateral values, economic conditions and underwriting and collection practices. The allowance for credit losses is reviewed
at least quarterly by management with any changes reflected in current operations. The calculation of the allowance for credit
losses uses the following primary factors: 

The number of units repossessed or charged-off as a percentage of total units financed over specific historical periods of time from one  year to five years.    

The average net repossession and charge-off loss per unit during the last eighteen months segregated by the number of months since the contract origination date and adjusted for the expected future average net charge-off loss per unit.  About 50% of the charge-offs that will ultimately occur in the portfolio are expected to occur within 10-11 months following the balance sheet date.  The average age of an account at charge-off date  for the eighteen-month period ended October 31, 2016 was 11.9 months.    

The timing of repossession and charge-off losses relative to the date of sale (i.e., how long it takes for a repossession or charge-off to occur) for repossessions and charge-offs occurring during the last eighteen months.   

A point estimate is produced by this analysis
which is then supplemented by any positive or negative subjective factors to arrive at an overall reserve amount that management
considers to be a reasonable estimate of losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance sheet date that will be realized via actual
charge-offs in the future. Although it is at least reasonably possible that events or circumstances could occur in the future that
are not presently foreseen which could cause actual credit losses to be materially different from the recorded allowance for credit
losses, the Company believes that it has given appropriate consideration to all relevant factors and has made reasonable assumptions
in determining the allowance for credit losses. While challenging economic conditions can negatively impact credit losses, effective
execution of internal policies and procedures within the collections area and the competitive environment on the funding side have
historically had a more significant effect on collection results than macro-economic issues. 

In most states, the Company offers retail customers
who finance their vehicle the option of purchasing a payment protection plan product as an add-on to the installment sale contract.
This product contractually obligates the Company to cancel the remaining principal outstanding for any contract where the retail
customer has totaled the vehicle, as defined by the contract, or the vehicle has been stolen. The Company periodically evaluates
anticipated losses to ensure that if anticipated losses exceed deferred payment protection plan revenues, an additional liability
is recorded for such difference. No such liability was required at October 31, 2016 or April 30, 2016. 

Inventory  

Inventory consists of used vehicles and is valued
at the lower of cost or market on a specific identification basis. Vehicle reconditioning costs are capitalized as a component
of inventory. Repossessed vehicles and trade-in vehicles are recorded at fair value, which approximates wholesale value. The cost
of used vehicles sold is determined using the specific identification method. 

Goodwill   

Goodwill reflects the excess of purchase price
over the fair value of specifically identified net assets purchased. Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives
are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment tests at the Company s year-end. The impairment tests are based on
the comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value of such unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit
falls below its carrying value, the Company performs the second step of the two-step goodwill impairment process to determine the
amount, if any, that the goodwill is impaired. The second step involves determining the fair value of the identifiable assets and
liabilities and the implied goodwill. The implied goodwill is compared to the carrying value of the goodwill to determine the impairment,
if any. There was no impairment of goodwill during fiscal 2016, and to date, there has been no impairment during fiscal 2017. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Expenditures for additions, remodels and improvements are capitalized. Costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated life of the improvement or the lease period. The lease period
includes the primary lease term plus any extensions that are reasonably assured. Depreciation is computed principally using the
straight-line method, generally over the following estimated useful lives: 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment  
      3 to 7 years   
 
     Leasehold improvements 
      5 to 15 years   
 
      Buildings and improvements  
      18 to 39 years   

Property and equipment are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of
assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured
by the amount by which the carrying values of the impaired assets exceed the fair value of such assets. Assets to be disposed of
are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

Cash Overdraft 

As checks are presented for payment from the
Company s primary disbursement bank account, monies are automatically drawn against cash collections for the day and, if
necessary, are drawn against one of the revolving credit facilities. Any cash overdraft balance principally represents outstanding
checks that as of the balance sheet date had not yet been presented for payment, net of any deposits in transit. Any cash overdraft
balance is reflected in accrued liabilities on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Deferred Sales Tax 

Deferred sales tax represents a sales tax liability
of the Company for vehicles sold on an installment basis in the states of Alabama and Texas. Under Alabama and Texas law, for vehicles
sold on an installment basis the related sales tax is due as the payments are collected from the customer, rather than at the time
of sale. Deferred sales tax liabilities are reflected in accrued liabilities on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under the liability
method. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting
and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which these
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The quarterly provision for income taxes is determined using an estimated
annual effective tax rate, which is based on expected annual taxable income, statutory tax rates and the Company s best estimate
of nontaxable and nondeductible items of income and expense. 

Occasionally, the Company is audited by taxing
authorities. These audits could result in proposed assessments of additional taxes. The Company believes that its tax positions
comply in all material respects with applicable tax law. However, tax law is subject to interpretation, and interpretations by
taxing authorities could be different from those of the Company, which could result in the imposition of additional taxes. 

The Company recognizes the financial statement
benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position
following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements
is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant
tax authority. The Company applies this methodology to all tax positions for which the statute of limitations remains open. 

The Company is subject to income taxes in the
U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. Tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to the interpretation
of the related tax laws and regulations and require significant judgment to apply. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer
subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before fiscal 2013. 

The Company s policy is to recognize
accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. The Company had
no accrued penalties or interest as of October 31, 2016 or April 30, 2016. 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenues are generated principally from the
sale of used vehicles, which in most cases includes a service contract and a payment protection plan product, interest income and
late fees earned on finance receivables. Revenues are net of taxes collected from customers and remitted to government agencies.
Cost of vehicle sales include costs incurred by the Company to prepare the vehicle for sale including license and title costs,
gasoline, transport services and repairs. 

Revenues from the sale of used vehicles are
recognized when financing, if applicable, has been approved, the sales contract is signed, and the customer has taken possession
of the vehicle. Revenues from the sale of vehicles sold at wholesale are recognized at the time the proceeds are received. Revenues
from the sale of service contracts are initially deferred and then recognized ratably over the expected duration of the product.
Service contract revenues are included in sales and the related expenses are included in cost of sales. Payment protection plan
revenues are initially deferred and then recognized to income using the  Rule of 78 s  interest method over the
life of the contract so that revenues are recognized in proportion to the amount of cancellation protection provided. Payment protection
plan revenues recognized are included in sales and related losses are included in cost of sales as incurred. Interest income is
recognized on all active finance receivable accounts using the simple effective interest method. Active accounts include all accounts
except those that have been paid-off or charged-off. 

Sales consist of the following: 

At October 31, 2016 and 2015, finance receivables
more than 90 days past due were approximately $1.8 million and $1.7 million, respectively. Late fee revenues totaled approximately
$954,000 and $996,000 for the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Late fees are recognized when collected
and are reflected in interest and other income on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Earnings per Share 

Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing
net income attributable to common stockholders by the average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share are computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the average number of common shares outstanding
during the period plus dilutive common stock equivalents. The calculation of diluted earnings per share takes into consideration
the potentially dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, such as outstanding stock options and non-vested restricted stock,
which if exercised or converted into common stock would then share in the earnings of the Company. In computing diluted earnings
per share, the Company utilizes the treasury stock method and anti-dilutive securities are excluded. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company recognizes the cost of employee
services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments, such as stock options and restricted stock, based on the fair value
of those awards at the date of grant over the requisite service period. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model
to determine the fair value of stock option awards. The Company may issue either new shares or treasury shares upon exercise of
these awards. Stock-based compensation plans, related expenses and assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model are
more fully described in Note I. If an award contains a performance condition, expense is recognized only for those shares for which
it is considered reasonably probable as of the current period end that the performance condition will be met. 

Treasury Stock 

The Company purchased 297,693 shares of its
common stock to be held as treasury stock for a total cost of $8.1 million during the first six months of fiscal 2017 and 89,658
shares for a total cost of $4.0 million during the first six months of fiscal 2016. Treasury stock may be used for issuances under
the Company s stock-based compensation plans or for other general corporate purposes. During fiscal 2016, the Company established
a reserve account of 10,000 shares of treasury stock to secure outstanding service contracts issued in Iowa in accordance with
the regulatory requirements of that state. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Occasionally, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) or other standard setting bodies which the Company
will adopt as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes the implementation of recently
issued standards which are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

Revenue Recognition . In May 2014,
the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606), which supersedes existing revenue
recognition guidance. The new guidance in ASU 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the
transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount,
timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes
in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , to provide entities with
an additional year to implement ASU 2014-09. As a result, the guidance in ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim reporting periods within those years, using one of two
retrospective application methods. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this update
on the consolidated financial statements. 

Leases . In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-02,  Leases . The new guidance requires that lessees recognize all leases, including operating leases, with a term
greater than 12 months on-balance sheet and also requires disclosure of key information about leasing transactions. The guidance
in ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018,  and interim reporting periods within those years. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

Stock Compensation . In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which aims to simplify aspects of accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including: presenting the excess tax benefit or deficit from the exercise or vesting of share-based
payments in the income statement, a revision to the criteria for classifying an award as equity or liability, an option to recognize
gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, and certain classifications on the statement
of cash flows. In addition, the new guidance eliminates the excess tax benefit from the assumed proceeds calculation under the
treasury stock method for purposes of calculating diluted shares. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016 and interim reporting periods within those years. Certain provisions of ASU 2016-09 are required to be
adopted prospectively, notably the requirement to recognize the excess tax benefit or deficit in the income statement, while other
provisions require modified retrospective application or in some cases full retrospective application. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

Credit Losses . In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses  (Topic 326). ASU 2016-13 requires financial
assets such as loans to be presented net of an allowance for credit losses that reduces the cost basis to the amount expected
to be collected over the estimated life. Expected credit losses will be measured based on historical experience and current
conditions, as well as forecasts of future conditions that affect the collectability of the reported amount. ASU 2016-13 is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019  and interim reporting periods within those years, using a modified retrospective approach. The
Company is currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial
statements. 

Reclassifications  

The Company has
made reclassifications to certain amounts in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of April 30, 2016. The reclassifications
did not have an impact on net income or earnings per share. 

C   Finance Receivables, Net  

The Company originates installment sale contracts
from the sale of used vehicles at its dealerships. These installment sale contracts, which carry an interest rate of 15% or 16.5%
per annum (based on the Company s contract interest rate as of the contract origination date), are collateralized by the
vehicle sold and typically provide for payments over periods ranging from 18 to 42 months. The weighted average interest rate for
the portfolio was approximately 15.5% at October 31, 2016. The Company s finance receivables are defined as one segment and
one class of loans in sub-prime consumer automobile contracts. The level of risks inherent in the Company s financing receivables
is managed as one homogeneous pool. 

The components of finance receivables are as
follows: 

Changes in the finance receivables, net are as
follows: 

Changes in the finance receivables allowance for
credit losses are as follows: 

The factors which influenced management s
judgment in determining the amount of the current period provision for credit losses are described below. 

The level of charge-offs, net of recovered
collateral, is the most important factor in determining the provision for credit losses. This is due to the fact that once a contract
becomes delinquent the account is either made current by the customer, the vehicle is repossessed or the account is written off
if the collateral cannot be recovered. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average finance receivables decreased to 14.0% for the
six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 15.6% for the same period in the prior year. This improvement in net charge-offs
is primarily due to a decrease in the frequency of losses as a result of the low delinquencies greater than 30 days at April 30,
2016 of 3.0%, significantly lower than 5.8% at April 30, 2015. 

Collections and delinquency levels can have
a significant effect on additions to the allowance and are reviewed frequently. Collections as a percentage of average finance
receivables were 25.6% for the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 27.7% for the prior year period. The decrease in collections
as a percentage of average finance receivables resulted primarily from the longer average term, higher levels of contract modifications,
higher delinquencies and, to a lesser extent, the increase in the contract interest rate. Delinquencies greater than 30 days were
4.8% for October 31, 2016 and 3.5% at October 31, 2015. 

Macro-economic factors, the competitive environment
on the funding side, and more importantly, proper execution of operational policies and procedures have a significant effect on
additions to the allowance charged to the provision. Higher unemployment levels, higher gasoline prices and higher prices for staple
items can potentially have a significant effect. The Company continues to focus on operational improvements within the collections
area such as further implementation and integration of GPS technology on vehicles sold. 

Credit quality information for finance receivables
is as follows: 

Accounts one and two days past due are considered current for this analysis, due
to the varying payment dates and variation in the day of the week at each period end. Delinquencies may vary from period to period
based on the average age of the portfolio, seasonality within the calendar year, the day of the week and overall economic factors.
The above categories are consistent with internal operational measures used by the Company to monitor credit results. The Company
believes that improvement in the past due percentages is driven in part by the proper execution of best collections efforts at
all dealerships.  

Substantially all of the Company s automobile
contracts involve contracts made to individuals with impaired or limited credit histories, or higher debt-to-income ratios than
permitted by traditional lenders; such contracts generally entail a higher risk of delinquency, default, repossession, and losses
than contracts made with buyers with better credit. The Company monitors contract term length, down payment percentages, and collections
as credit quality indicators. 

The decrease in collections as a percentage
of average finance receivables resulted primarily from the longer average term, higher levels of contract modifications, higher
delinquencies and, to a lesser extent, the increase in the contract interest rate. The increases in contract term are primarily
related to efforts to keep payments affordable, for competitive reasons and to continue to work with our customers when they experience
financial difficulties. In order to remain competitive, term lengths may continue to increase. 

D   Property and Equipment  

A summary of property and equipment is as follows: 

E   Accrued Liabilities   

A summary of accrued liabilities is as follows: 

F   Debt Facilities   

A summary of revolving credit facilities is as follows: 

On March 9, 2012, the Company entered into an
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement with a group of lenders providing revolving credit facilities totaling $125 million
( Credit Facilities ). The Credit Facilities were amended on September 30, 2012, February 4, 2013, June 24, 2013, February
13, 2014 and October 8, 2014, respectively. The first amendment to the Credit Facilities increased the total revolving commitment
to $145 million. The second amendment amended the definition of eligible vehicle contracts to include contracts with 36-42 month
terms. The third amendment extended the term to June 24, 2016, provided the option to request revolver commitment increases for
up to an additional $55 million and provided for a 0.25% decrease in each of the three pricing tiers for determining the applicable
interest rate. The fourth amendment amended the structure of the debt covenants as related to the application of the fixed charge
coverage ratio calculation.  As amended, the fixed charge coverage ratio calculation will be required only if availability,
as defined, under the revolving credit facilities is less than certain specified thresholds.  The fourth amendment also increased
the allowable capital expenditures to $10 million in the aggregate during any fiscal year and allows for the sale of certain vehicle
contracts to third parties. 

On October 8, 2014, the Company entered into a
fifth amendment to the Credit Facilities, which extended the term of the Credit Facilities to October 8, 2017, added a new pricing
tier for determining the applicable interest rate, and provided for a 0.125% increase in each of the three existing pricing tiers.
The fifth amendment also amended one of two alternative distribution limitations related to repurchases of the Company s
stock. With respect to such limitation, the amendment (i) reset the $40 million aggregate limit on repurchases beginning October
8, 2014, (ii) redefined the aggregate amount of repurchases to be net of proceeds received from the exercise of stock options,
and (iii) changed the requirement that the sum of borrowing bases combined minus the principal balances of all revolver loans after
giving effect to such repurchases be equal to or greater than 30% of the sum of the borrowing bases. 

On February 18, 2016, the Company exercised
an option under its existing credit agreement to increase the total revolving credit facilities by $27.5 million from $145 million
to $172.5 million. The increase in the total revolving credit commitments was made pursuant to the aforementioned accordion feature
of the Credit Facilities, which allows the Company to increase the total revolver commitments by up to an additional $55 million
(up to $200 million in total commitments), subject to lender approval and/or successful syndication. 

The revolving credit facilities are collateralized
primarily by finance receivables and inventory, are cross collateralized and contain a guarantee by the Company. Interest is payable
monthly under the revolving credit facilities. The Credit Facilities provide for four pricing tiers for determining the applicable
interest rate, based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio for the preceding fiscal quarter. The current applicable
interest rate under the Credit Facilities is generally LIBOR plus 2.375%. The Credit Facilities contain various reporting and performance
covenants including (i) maintenance of certain financial ratios and tests, (ii) limitations on borrowings from other sources, (iii)
restrictions on certain operating activities and (iv) restrictions on the payment of dividends or distributions. 

The distribution limitations under the Credit
Facilities allow the Company to repurchase the Company s stock so long as: either (a) the aggregate amount of such repurchases
does not exceed $40 million beginning October 8, 2014 and the sum of borrowing bases combined minus the principal balances of all
revolver loans after giving effect to such repurchases is equal to or greater than 30% of the sum of the borrowing bases, or (b)
the aggregate amount of such repurchases does not exceed 75% of the consolidated net income of the Company measured on a trailing
twelve month basis; provided that immediately before and after giving effect to the stock repurchases at least 12.5% of the aggregate
funds committed under the credit facilities remain available. 

The Company was in compliance with the covenants
at October 31, 2016. The amount available to be drawn under the credit facilities is a function of eligible finance receivables
and inventory; based upon eligible finance receivables and inventory at October 31, 2016, the Company had additional availability
of approximately $45 million under the revolving credit facilities. 

On December 12,
2016, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement which amended and restated the
Company s Credit Facilities. The new agreement extended the terms of the Credit Facilities to December 12, 2019,
reduced the pricing tiers for determining the applicable interest rate from four to three, and reset the aggregate limit on
the repurchase of Company stock to $40 million beginning December 12, 2016. The agreement also increased the total revolving
credit facilities from $172.5 million to $200 million, provided the option to request revolver commitment increases for up to
an additional $50 million and increased the advance rate on accounts receivable with 37-42 month terms from 50% to 55%, and
the advance rate on accounts receivable with 43-60 month terms from 45% to 50%. 

The Company recognized approximately $140,000
and $96,000 of amortization for the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to debt issuance costs. The
amortization is reflected as interest expense in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

During fiscal 2016, the Company implemented
the guidance in ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which amended the presentation of debt
issuance costs in the financial statements. ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability
be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts,
instead of as an asset. As a result, debt issuance costs of approximately $256,000 and $396,000 as of October 31, 2016 and April
30, 2016, respectively, are shown as a deduction from the revolving credit facilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

On December 15, 2015, the Company entered into
an agreement to purchase the property on which one of its dealerships is located for a purchase price of $550,000. Under the agreement,
the purchase price is being paid in monthly principal and interest installments of $10,005. The debt matures in December 2020,
bears interest at a rate of 3.50% and is secured by the property. The balance on this note payable was approximately $465,000 and
$516,000 as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively. 

G   Fair Value Measurements   

The table below summarizes information about
the fair value of financial instruments included in the Company s financial statements at October 31, 2016 and April 30,
2016: 

Because no market exists for certain of the
Company s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments and estimates regarding yield expectations of
investors, credit risk and other risk characteristics, including interest rate and prepayment risk. These estimates are subjective
in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions
could significantly affect these estimates. The methodology and assumptions utilized to estimate the fair value of the Company s
financial instruments are as follows: 

Financial Instrument  
       
      Valuation Methodology   

Cash 
       
     The carrying amount is considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value due to the short-term nature of the financial instrument.  

Finance receivables, net 
       
     The Company estimates the fair value of its receivables at what a third party purchaser might be willing to pay. The Company has had discussions with third parties and has bought and sold portfolios, and had a third party appraisal in November 2012 that indicated a range of 35% to 40% discount to face would be a reasonable fair value in a negotiated third party transaction.  The sale of finance receivables from Car-Mart of Arkansas to Colonial is made at a 38.5% discount.  For financial reporting purposes these sale transactions are eliminated. Since the Company does not intend to offer the receivables for sale to an outside third party, the expectation is that the net book value at October 31, 2016, will ultimately be collected. By collecting the accounts internally the Company expects to realize more than a third party purchaser would expect to collect with a servicing requirement and a profit margin included.  

Accounts payable 
       
     The carrying amount is considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value due to the short-term nature of the financial instrument.  

Revolving credit facilities and notes payable  
       
     The fair value approximates carrying value due to the variable interest rates charged on the revolving credit facilities, which reprice frequently.   

H   Weighted Average Shares
Outstanding   

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding
used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows: 

I   Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company has stock-based compensation plans
available to grant non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options and restricted stock to employees, directors and certain
advisors of the Company. The stock-based compensation plans being utilized at October 31, 2016 are the Amended and Restated Stock
Option Plan and the Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded total stock-based compensation expense for
all plans of approximately $783,000 ($491,000 after tax effects) and $949,000 ($595,000 after tax effects) for the six months ended
October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Tax benefits were recognized for these costs at the Company s overall effective
tax rate. 

Stock Options  

The Company has options outstanding under two
stock option plans approved by the shareholders, the 1997 Stock Option Plan ( 1997 Plan ) and the Amended and Restated
Stock Option Plan. While previously granted options remain outstanding, no additional option grants may be made under the 1997
Plan. The shareholders of the Company approved the Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (the  Restated Option Plan )
on August 5, 2015, which extended the term of the Restated Option Plan to June 10, 2025 and increased the number of shares of common
stock reserved for issuance under the plan to 1,800,000 shares. The Restated Option Plan provides for the grant of options to purchase
shares of the Company s common stock to employees, directors and certain advisors of the Company at a price not less than
the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant and for periods not to exceed ten years. Options granted under the Company s
stock option plans expire in the calendar years 2017 through 2026. 

The fair value of options granted is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the assumptions in the table below. 

The expected term of the options is based on evaluations
of historical actual and future expected employee exercise behavior. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
rates at the date of grant with maturity dates approximately equal to the expected life at the grant date. Volatility is based
on historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The Company has not historically issued any dividends and does not
expect to do so in the foreseeable future. 

There were 35,000 options granted during the
six months ended October 31, 2016 and 298,750 options granted during the six months ended October 31, 2015. The grant-date fair
value of options granted during the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 was $338,000 and $5.2 million, respectively. The
options were granted at fair market value on the date of grant. 

Stock option compensation expense was $723,000
($453,000 after tax effects) and $887,000 ($556,000 after tax effects) for the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
As of October 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $3.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested
options that are expected to vest. These unvested outstanding options have a weighted-average remaining vesting period of 3.3 years. 

In May 2015, key employees of the Company were
granted 95,125 performance based stock options with a five-year performance period ending April 30, 2020. An additional 40,000
such options were granted to key employees of the Company in August 2015. Tiered vesting of these units is based solely on comparing
the Company s net income over the specified performance period to net income at April 30, 2015. As of October 31, 2016, the
Company had $1.1 million in unrecognized compensation expense related to 64,750 of these options that are not currently expected
to vest. 

The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options
at October 31, 2016 and 2015 was $15.9 million and $11.2 million, respectively. 

The Company had the following options exercised
for the periods indicated. The impact of these cash receipts is included in financing activities in the accompanying Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

As of October 31, 2016, there were 876,500 vested
and exercisable stock options outstanding with an aggregate intrinsic value of $15.3 million, a weighted average remaining contractual
life of 3.25 years, and a weighted average exercise price of $23.98. 

Stock Incentive Plan 

On October 14, 2009, the shareholders of the
Company approved an amendment to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan that increased the number of shares of common stock that
may be issued under the Stock Incentive Plan to 350,000.  On August 5, 2015, the shareholders of the Company approved
the Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, which extended the term of the Stock Incentive Plan to June 10, 2025. For shares
issued under the Stock Incentive Plan, the associated compensation expense is generally recognized equally over the vesting periods
established at the award date and is subject to the employee s continued employment by the Company. 

There were 10,000 restricted shares granted
during the six months ended October 31, 2016 and no restricted shares granted during the six months ended October 31, 2015. A total
of 168,527 shares remained available for award at October 31, 2016. There were 18,500 unvested restricted shares outstanding as
of October 31, 2016 with a weighted average grant date fair value of $45.09. 

The Company recorded compensation cost of approximately
$47,000 ($29,000 after tax effects) and $50,000 ($31,000 after tax effects) related to the Stock Incentive Plan during the six
months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of October 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $688,000 of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan, which the Company expects to recognize over
a weighted-average remaining period of 4.2 years. 

There were no modifications to any of the Company s
outstanding share-based payment awards during fiscal 2016 or during the first six months of fiscal 2017. 

J   Commitments and Contingencies   

The Company has a standby letter of credit
relating to an insurance policy totaling $1 million at October 31, 2016. 

K - Supplemental Cash Flow Information   

Supplemental cash flow disclosures are as follows: 

Item 2. Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Forward-Looking Information   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements address the Company s future objectives, plans and goals, as well as the Company s intent, beliefs and current
expectations regarding future operating performance, and can generally be identified by words such as  may ,  will ,
 should ,  could ,  believe ,  expect ,  anticipate ,  intend ,
 plan ,  foresee , and other similar words or phrases. Specific events addressed by these forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: 

new dealership openings;   

performance of new dealerships;   

same dealership revenue growth;   

future revenue growth;   

receivables growth as related to revenue growth;   

gross margin percentages;   

interest rates;   

future credit losses;   

the Company s collection results, including, but not limited to, collections during income tax refund periods;   

seasonality;   

security breaches, cyber-attacks, or fraudulent activity;   

compliance with tax regulations;   

the Company s business and growth strategies;   

financing the majority of growth from profits; and   

having adequate liquidity to satisfy its capital needs.   

These forward-looking statements are based
on the Company s current estimates and assumptions and involve various risks and uncertainties. As a result, you are cautioned
that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and that actual results could differ materially
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the Company s
projections include those risks described elsewhere in this report, as well as: 

the availability of credit facilities to support the Company s business;   

the Company s ability to underwrite and collect its contracts effectively;   

competition;   

dependence on existing management;   

availability of quality vehicles at prices that will be affordable to customers;   

changes in consumer finance laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, rules and regulations that have recently been
enacted or could be enacted by federal and state governments; and   

general economic conditions in the markets in which the Company operates, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in gas
prices, grocery prices and employment levels.   

The Company undertakes no obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. 

Overview   

America s Car-Mart, Inc., a Texas corporation
initially formed in 1981 (the  Company ), is one of the largest publicly held automotive retailers in the United States
focused exclusively on the  Integrated Auto Sales and Finance  segment of the used car market. The Company s
operations are principally conducted through its two operating subsidiaries, America s Car Mart, Inc., an Arkansas corporation
( Car-Mart of Arkansas ), and Colonial Auto Finance, Inc., an Arkansas corporation ( Colonial ). References
to the Company include the Company s consolidated subsidiaries. The Company primarily sells older model used vehicles and
provides financing for substantially all of its customers. Many of the Company s customers have limited financial resources
and would not qualify for conventional financing as a result of limited credit histories or past credit problems. As of October
31, 2016, the Company operated 143 dealerships located primarily in small cities throughout the South-Central United States. 

The Company has grown
its revenues between 3% and 14% per year over the last ten fiscal years (9% on average). Growth results from same dealership revenue
growth and the addition of new dealerships. Revenue increased 7.4% for the first six months of fiscal 2017 compared to the same
period of fiscal 2016 due primarily to a 4.3% increase in units sold, a 3.4% increase in the average selling price to $10,442,
and a 9.1% increase in interest income. 

The Company s primary focus is on collections.
Each dealership is responsible for its own collections with supervisory involvement of the corporate office. Over the last five
fiscal years, the Company s annual credit losses as a percentage of sales have ranged from approximately 21.1% in fiscal
2012 to 28.5% in fiscal 2016 (27.6% excluding the effect of the increase in the allowance for credit losses in the second quarter
of fiscal 2016) (average of 25.1%). The higher credit losses as a percentage of sales for fiscal 2016 of 28.5% were primarily a
result of competitive pressures remaining elevated and the increased number of newer dealerships weighing on credit loss results.
For the first six months of fiscal 2017, credit losses as a percentage of sales decreased to 27.7%, resulting from a decrease in
the frequency of losses as a result of the low delinquencies greater than 30 days at April 30, 2016 of 3.0%, significantly lower
than at April 30, 2015 at 5.8%. 

Historically, credit losses, on a percentage basis,
tend to be higher at new and developing dealerships than at mature dealerships. Generally, this is the case because the management
at new and developing dealerships tends to be less experienced in making credit decisions and collecting customer accounts and
the customer base is less seasoned. Normally more mature dealerships have more repeat customers and, on average, repeat customers
are a better credit risk than non-repeat customers. Negative macro-economic issues do not always lead to higher credit loss results
for the Company because the Company provides basic affordable transportation which in many cases is not a discretionary expenditure
for customers. The Company does believe, however, that general inflation, particularly within staple items such as groceries and
gasoline, as well as overall unemployment levels and potentially lower or stagnant personal income levels affecting customers can
have, and have had in recent years, a negative impact on collections. Additionally, increased competition for used vehicle financing
has recently had a negative effect on collections and charge-offs. 

In an effort to offset the elevated credit losses
and lower collection levels and to operate more efficiently, the Company continues to look for improvements to its business practices,
including better underwriting and better collection procedures. The Company has a proprietary credit scoring system which enables
the Company to monitor the quality of contracts. Corporate office personnel monitor proprietary credit scores and work with dealerships
when the distribution of scores falls outside of prescribed thresholds. The Company has implemented credit reporting and the use
of global positioning system ( GPS ) units on vehicles. Additionally, the Company has placed significant focus on the
collection area; the Company s training department continues to spend significant time and effort on collections improvements.
The Support Operations Officer oversees the collections department and provides timely oversight and additional accountability
on a consistent basis. In addition, the Company has a Director of Collection Services who assists with managing the Company s
servicing and collections practices and provides additional monitoring and training. Also, turnover at the dealership level for
collections positions is down compared to historical levels, which management believes can have a positive effect on collection
results. The Company believes that the proper execution of its business practices is the single most important determinant of its
long term credit loss experience. 

Historically, the Company s gross margins
as a percentage of sales have been fairly consistent from year to year. Over the period from fiscal 2011 through fiscal 2016, the
Company s gross margins as a percentage of sales ranged between approximately 40% and 43%. Gross margin as a percentage of
sales for fiscal 2016 was 39.8%. The Company s gross margins are based upon the cost of the vehicle purchased, with lower-priced
vehicles typically having higher gross margin percentages. Gross margins in recent years have been negatively affected by the increase
in the average retail sales price (a function of a higher purchase price) and higher operating costs, mostly related to increased
vehicle repair costs and higher fuel costs. Additionally, the percentage of wholesale sales to retail sales, which relate for the
most part to repossessed vehicles sold at or near cost, can have a significant effect on overall gross margins. For the first six
months of fiscal 2017, gross margin increased to 41.6% of sales primarily due to a decrease in the level of wholesales due to lower
repossession activity, as well as a Company-wide effort to reduce vehicle repair expenses which had also negatively impacted gross
margins in fiscal 2016. The Company expects that its gross margin percentage will continue to remain under pressure over the near
term. 

Hiring, training and retaining qualified associates
is critical to the Company s success. The rate at which the Company adds new dealerships and is able to implement operating
initiatives is limited by the number of trained managers and support personnel the Company has at its disposal. Excessive turnover,
particularly at the dealership manager level, could impact the Company s ability to add new dealerships and to meet operational
initiatives. The Company has added resources to recruit, train, and develop personnel, especially personnel targeted for dealership
manager positions. The Company expects to continue to invest in the development of its workforce. 

Consolidated Operations 

 (Operating Statement Dollars in Thousands) 

Three Months Ended October 31,
2016 vs. Three Months Ended October 31, 2015   

Revenues increased by approximately $17.2 million,
or 12.9%, for the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. This increase resulted
from revenue growth at dealerships opened after October 31, 2015 ($1.5 million), dealerships that operated a full three months
in both current and prior year second quarter ($15.2 million), and dealerships opened during or closed after the three months ended
October 31, 2015 ($504,000). Interest income increased approximately $1.7 million for the three months ended October 31, 2016,
as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year primarily due to the $41.2 million increase in average finance receivables,
and to a lesser extent to the increase in the contract interest rate from 15.0% to 16.5% at the end of May 2016. 

Cost of sales, as a percentage of sales, decreased
to 58.6% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 60.8% for the same period of the prior fiscal year, resulting
in a gross margin as a percentage of sales of 41.4% for the current year period compared to 39.2% for the prior year period. The
higher gross margin percentage relates to lower wholesale volumes and losses and lower repair expenses, partially offset by the
effect of a higher average selling price. The average retail sales price for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 was $10,491, a $244
increase over the prior year quarter. Increases in the volume of wholesales sales, resulting from higher credit losses, negatively
affected our gross margin percentages in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. 

The increase in average retail sales price
during the second quarter of fiscal 2017 largely relates to an increase in the Company s purchase costs. As purchase costs
increase, the margin between the purchase cost and the sales price of the vehicles we sell narrows as a percentage because the
Company must offer affordable prices to our customers. The increased purchase costs are the result of a combination of consumer
demand for the types of vehicles the Company purchases for resale, which remains high relative to supply, and a strategic management
decision to purchase higher quality vehicles for our customers. The high demand and tight supply of the vehicles we purchase for
resale are largely related to excess funding to the used vehicle financing market and the depressed levels of new car sales during
and after the recession, although more robust new car sales in recent years have begun to bolster the supply of used vehicles.
We continue to focus efforts on minimizing the average retail sales price of our vehicles in order to help keep contract terms
shorter, which helps customers to maintain appropriate equity in their vehicles and reduces credit losses and resulting wholesale
volumes. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses,
as a percentage of sales, were 17.0% for the three months ended October 31, 2016, a decrease of 1.9% from the same period of the
prior fiscal year. Selling, general and administrative expenses are, for the most part, more fixed in nature. In dollar terms,
overall selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $415,000 in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared
to the same period of the prior fiscal year, related primarily to higher payroll costs. 

Provision for credit losses as a percentage
of sales was 29.6% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 32.4% (28.3% excluding a $3 million non-cash after tax
charge resulting from an increase to the allowance for credit losses) for the three months ended October 31, 2015. Net charge-offs
as a percentage of average finance receivables were 7.7% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 7.8% for the prior
year quarter. Frequency and severity of losses were basically flat for the quarter. The Company has implemented several operational
initiatives (including credit reporting and installing GPS technology on vehicles) for the collections area and continues to push
for improvements and better execution of its collection practices. However, the extended challenging macro-economic, competitive
conditions and wholesale values are expected to continue to put pressure on our customers and the resulting collections of our
finance receivables. The Company believes that the proper execution of its business practices remains the single most important
determinant of its long-term credit loss experience. 

Interest expense as a percentage of sales increased
to 0.8% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 0.7% for the same period of the prior fiscal year. Average borrowings
during the three months ended October 31, 2016 were $123.7 million, compared to $106.1 million for the prior year quarter. 

Consolidated Operations 

 (Operating Statement Dollars in Thousands) 

Six Months Ended October 31, 2016
vs. Six Months Ended October 31, 2015   

Revenues increased by approximately $20.4 million,
or 7.4%, for the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. This increase resulted
from revenue growth at dealerships opened after October 31, 2015 ($3.0 million), dealerships that operated a full six months in
both current and prior year period ($15.7 million), and dealerships opened during or closed after the six months ended October
31, 2015 ($1.7 million). Interest income increased approximately $2.8 million for the six months ended October 31, 2016, as compared
to the same period in the prior fiscal year primarily due to the $33.7 million increase in average finance receivables, and to
a lesser extent to the increase in the contract interest rate from 15.0% to 16.5% at the end of May 2016. 

Cost of sales, as a percentage of sales, decreased
to 58.4% for the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 59.8% for the same period of the prior fiscal year, resulting in
a gross margin as a percentage of sales of 41.6% for the current year period compared to 40.2% for the prior year period. The higher
gross margin percentage relates to lower wholesale volumes and losses and lower repair expenses, partially offset by the effect
of a higher average selling price. The average retail sales price for the period ended October 31, 2016 was $10,442, a $344 increase
over the prior year period. Increases in the volume of wholesales sales, resulting from higher credit losses, negatively affected
our gross margin percentages in the first six months of fiscal 2016. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses,
as a percentage of sales, were 17.4% for the six months ended October 31, 2016, a decrease of 1.1% from the same period of the
prior fiscal year. Selling, general and administrative expenses are, for the most part, more fixed in nature. In dollar terms,
overall selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $459,000 in the first six months of fiscal 2017 compared
to the same period of the prior fiscal year, related primarily to higher payroll costs. 

Provision for credit losses as a percentage
of sales was 27.7% for the period ended October 31, 2016 compared to 29.9% (28% excluding a $3 million non-cash after-tax charge
resulting from an increase to the allowance for credit losses) for the period ended October 31, 2015. Net charge-offs as a percentage
of average finance receivables were 14.0% for the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 15.6% for the prior year period.
The decrease in the provision and net charge-offs primarily related to a decrease in the frequency of losses. The Company believes
that the proper execution of its business practices remains the single most important determinant of its long-term credit loss
experience. 

Interest expense as a percentage of sales increased
to 0.8% for the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 0.6% for the same period of the prior fiscal year. The overall dollar
increase in interest expense was attributable to higher average borrowings during the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared
to the same period in the prior fiscal year ($118.8 million compared to $105.2 million). 

Financial Condition   

The following table sets forth the major balance
sheet accounts of the Company as of the dates specified (in thousands): 

Historically, finance receivables tended to
grow slightly faster than revenue; for fiscal year 2016, however, revenue growth exceeded growth in net finance receivables.
During the first six months of fiscal 2017, finance receivables grew slightly faster than revenue, consistent with the historical
trends. The Company currently anticipates going forward that the growth in finance receivables will generally be slightly higher
than overall revenue growth on an annual basis due to overall term length increases partially offset by improvements in underwriting
and collection procedures in an effort to reduce credit losses. 

During the first six months of fiscal 2017,
inventory increased by $2.6 million compared to inventory at April 30, 2016. This increase in inventory was attributable to an
increase in purchasing levels to meet demand and provide an adequate supply of affordable vehicles. The Company strives to offer
a broad mix and sufficient quantities of vehicles to adequately serve its expanding customer base. The Company will continue to
manage inventory levels in the future to ensure adequate supply, in volume and mix, and to meet anticipated sales demand. 

Property and equipment, net, decreased by $1.3
million at October 31, 2016 as compared to property and equipment, net, at April 30, 2016. The Company incurred $875,000 in expenditures
to refurbish and expand existing locations, offset by depreciation expense. 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased
by $2.3 million during the first six months of fiscal 2017 as compared to accounts payable and accrued liabilities at April 30,
2016 related primarily to increases in inventory, cash overdrafts and accrued employee compensation. 

Deferred revenue increased $1.6 million at October
31, 2016 as compared to April 30, 2016 primarily resulting from increased sales of the payment protection plan product and service
contracts. 

Income taxes payable (receivable), net, increased
by $1.6 million at October 31, 2016 as compared to April 30, 2016 primarily due to the timing of quarterly tax payments and refunds. 

Deferred income tax liabilities, net, increased
approximately $1.6 million at October 31, 2016 as compared to April 30, 2016 due primarily to the change in finance receivables. 

Borrowings on the Company s revolving credit
facilities fluctuate primarily based upon a number of factors including (i) net income, (ii) finance receivables changes, (iii)
income taxes, (iv) capital expenditures and (v) common stock repurchases.  Historically, income from continuing operations,
as well as borrowings on the revolving credit facilities, have funded the Company s finance receivables growth, capital asset
purchases and common stock repurchases. In the first six months of fiscal 2017, the Company funded finance receivables growth of
$37 million, inventory growth of $2.6 million, capital expenditures of $875,000 and common stock repurchases of $8.1 million with
income from operations and a $16.8 million increase in total debt. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

The following table sets forth certain summarized
historical information with respect to the Company s Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands): 

The primary drivers of operating profits and
cash flows include (i) top line sales (ii) interest rates on finance receivables, (iii) gross margin percentages on vehicle sales,
and (iv) credit losses, a significant portion of which relates to the collection of principal on finance receivables. The Company
generates cash flow from operations.  Historically, most or all of this cash is used to fund finance receivables growth,
capital expenditures and common stock repurchases.  To the extent finance receivables growth, capital expenditures and
common stock repurchases exceed income from operations, generally the Company increases its borrowings under its revolving credit
facilities.  The majority of the Company s growth has been self-funded. 

Cash flows used in operations for the six months
ended October 31, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year were positively impacted by (i) higher net income and
(ii) higher accounts payable and accrued liabilities, offset by (iii) an increase in finance receivables originations, (iv) an
increase in inventory, and (v) a lower non-cash charge for credit losses. Finance receivables, net, increased by $28.2 million
from April 30, 2016 to October 31, 2016. 

The purchase price the Company pays for a vehicle
has a significant effect on liquidity and capital resources. Because the Company bases its selling price on the purchase cost for
the vehicle, increases in purchase costs result in increased selling prices. As the selling price increases, it becomes more difficult
to keep the gross margin percentage and contract term in line with historical results because the Company s customers have
limited incomes and their car payments must remain affordable within their individual budgets. Several external factors can negatively
affect the purchase cost of vehicles. Decreases in the overall volume of new car sales, particularly domestic brands, lead to decreased
supply in the used car market. Also, constrictions in consumer credit, as well as general economic conditions, can increase overall
demand for the types of vehicles the Company purchases for resale as used vehicles become more attractive than new vehicles in
times of economic instability. A negative shift in used vehicle supply, combined with strong demand, results in increased used
vehicle prices and thus higher purchase costs for the Company. Management expects the recent tight supply of vehicles and resulting
increases in vehicle purchase costs to continue, although some relief is expected as a result of steady increases in new car sales
levels in recent periods. 

The Company believes that the amount of credit
available for the sub-prime auto industry has increased in recent years and management expects the availability of consumer credit
within the automotive industry to be higher over the near term when compared to historical levels. This is expected to contribute
to continued strong overall demand for most, if not all, of the vehicles the Company purchases for resale.  Increased
competition resulting from availability of funding to the sub-prime auto industry has also contributed to lower down payments and
longer terms, which have had a negative effect on collection percentages, liquidity and credit losses when compared to prior periods. 

Macro-economic factors can have an effect on credit
losses and resulting liquidity. General inflation, particularly within staple items such as groceries, as well as overall unemployment
levels can have a significant effect on collection results and ultimately credit losses. The Company anticipates that credit losses
in the near term will be higher than historical ranges due to significant continued macro-economic challenges for the Company s
customer base as well as increased competitive pressures. Management continues to focus on improved execution at the dealership
level, specifically as related to working individually with customers concerning collection issues. 

The Company has generally leased the majority
of the properties where its dealerships are located. As of October 31, 2016, the Company leased approximately 85% of its dealership
properties. The Company expects to continue to lease the majority of the properties where its dealerships are located. 

The Company s revolving credit facilities
generally restrict distributions by the Company to its shareholders. The distribution limitations under the Credit Facilities allow
the Company to repurchase the Company s stock so long as: either (a) the aggregate amount of such repurchases does not exceed
$40 million beginning October 8, 2014 and the sum of borrowing bases combined minus the principal balances of all revolver loans
after giving effect to such repurchases is equal to or greater than 30% of the sum of the borrowing bases, or (b) the aggregate
amount of such repurchases does not exceed 75% of the consolidated net income of the Company measured on a trailing twelve month
basis; provided that immediately before and after giving effect to the stock repurchases, at least 12.5% of the aggregate funds
committed under the credit facilities remain available. Thus, although the Company currently does routinely repurchase stock, the
Company is limited in its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders without the consent of the Company s
lenders. 

At October 31, 2016, the Company had
approximately $170,000 of cash on hand and an additional $45 million of availability under its revolving credit facilities
(see Note F to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements).  On a short-term basis, the Company s
principal sources of liquidity include income from operations and borrowings under its revolving credit facilities. On a
longer-term basis, the Company expects its principal sources of liquidity to consist of income from operations and borrowings
under revolving credit facilities or fixed interest term loans. The Company s revolving credit facilities mature in
October 2017. Subsequent to October 31, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement which amended and restated the credit
facilities; see further explanation in Note F. Furthermore, while the Company has no specific plans to issue debt or equity
securities, the Company believes, if necessary, it could raise additional capital through the issuance of
such securities. 

The Company expects to use cash from operations
and borrowings to (i) grow its finance receivables portfolio, (ii) purchase property and equipment of approximately $3.2 million
in the next 12 months in connection with refurbishing existing dealerships and adding new dealerships, (iii) repurchase shares
of common stock when favorable conditions exist and (iv) reduce debt to the extent excess cash is available. 

The Company believes it will have adequate liquidity
to continue to grow its revenues and to satisfy its capital needs for the foreseeable future. 

Contractual Payment Obligations   

There have been no material changes outside of
the ordinary course of business in the Company s contractual payment obligations from those reported at April 30, 2016 in
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

The Company has entered into operating leases for approximately
85% of its dealerships and office facilities. Generally, these leases are for periods of three to five years and usually contain
multiple renewal options. The Company uses leasing arrangements to maintain flexibility in its dealership locations and to preserve
capital. The Company expects to continue to lease the majority of its dealerships and office facilities under arrangements substantially
consistent with the past. 

The Company has a standby letter of credit
relating to an insurance policy totaling $1 million at October 31, 2016. 

Other than its operating leases and the letter of credit, the Company
is not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangement that management believes is reasonably likely to have a current or future effect
on the Company s financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to investors. 

Related Finance Company Contingency      

Car-Mart of Arkansas and Colonial do not meet
the affiliation standard for filing consolidated income tax returns, and as such they file separate federal and state income tax
returns. Car-Mart of Arkansas routinely sells its finance receivables to Colonial at what the Company believes to be fair market
value and is able to take a tax deduction at the time of sale for the difference between the tax basis of the receivables sold
and the sales price. These types of transactions, based upon facts and circumstances, have been permissible under the provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code as described in the Treasury Regulations. For financial accounting purposes, these transactions are
eliminated in consolidation and a deferred income tax liability has been recorded for this timing difference. The sale of finance
receivables from Car-Mart of Arkansas to Colonial provides certain legal protection for the Company s finance receivables
and, principally because of certain state apportionment characteristics of Colonial, also has the effect of reducing the Company s
overall effective state income tax rate by approximately 300 basis points. The actual interpretation of the Regulations is in part
a facts and circumstances matter. The Company believes it satisfies the material provisions of the Regulations. Failure to satisfy
those provisions could result in the loss of a tax deduction at the time the receivables are sold and have the effect of increasing
the Company s overall effective income tax rate as well as the timing of required tax payments. 

The Company s policy is to recognize
accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. The Company had
no accrued penalties or interest as of October 31, 2016. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions
in determining the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from the Company s estimates. The Company believes the most significant estimate made in the preparation of the accompanying
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements relates to the determination of its allowance for credit losses, which is discussed
below. The Company s accounting policies are discussed in Note B to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Company maintains an allowance for credit
losses on an aggregate basis at a level it considers sufficient to cover estimated losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance
sheet date in the collection of its finance receivables currently outstanding.  At October 31, 2016, the weighted average
total contract term was 31.7 months with 23.2 months remaining. The reserve amount in the allowance for credit losses at October
31, 2016, $111.3 million, was 25% of the principal balance in finance receivables of $474.3 million, less unearned payment protection
plan revenue of $18.5 million and unearned service contract revenue of $10.5 million. 

The estimated reserve amount is the Company s
anticipated future net charge-offs for losses incurred through the balance sheet date. The allowance takes into account historical
credit loss experience (both timing and severity of losses), with consideration given to recent credit loss trends and changes
in contract characteristics (i.e., average amount financed, months outstanding at loss date, term and age of portfolio), delinquency
levels, collateral values, economic conditions and underwriting and collection practices. The allowance for credit losses is reviewed
at least quarterly by management with any changes reflected in current operations. The calculation of the allowance for credit
losses uses the following primary factors: 

The number of units repossessed or charged-off as a percentage of total units financed over specific historical periods of time from one  year to five years.    

The average net repossession and charge-off loss per unit during the last eighteen months segregated by the number of months since the contract origination date and adjusted for the expected future average net charge-off loss per unit.  About 50% of the charge-offs that will ultimately occur in the portfolio are expected to occur within 10-11 months following the balance sheet date.  The average age of an account at charge-off date  for the eighteen-month period ended October 31, 2016 was 11.9 months.    

The timing of repossession and charge-off losses relative to the date of sale (i.e., how long it takes for a repossession or charge-off to occur) for repossessions and charge-offs occurring during the last eighteen months.   

A point estimate is produced by this analysis
which is then supplemented by any positive or negative subjective factors to arrive at an overall reserve amount that management
considers to be a reasonable estimate of losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance sheet date that will be realized via actual
charge-offs in the future. Although it is at least reasonably possible that events or circumstances could occur in the future that
are not presently foreseen which could cause actual credit losses to be materially different from the recorded allowance for credit
losses, the Company believes that it has given appropriate consideration to all relevant factors and has made reasonable assumptions
in determining the allowance for credit losses. While challenging economic conditions can negatively impact credit losses, the
effectiveness of the execution of internal policies and procedures within the collections area and the competitive environment
on the funding side have historically had a more significant effect on collection results than macro-economic issues. A 1% change,
as a percentage of finance receivables, in the allowance for credit losses would equate to an approximate pre-tax adjustment of
$4.5 million. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Occasionally, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) or other standard setting bodies, which the Company
will adopt as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes the implementation of recently
issued standards which are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

Revenue Recognition . In May 2014,
the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606), which supersedes existing revenue
recognition guidance. The new guidance in ASU 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the
transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount,
timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes
in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , to provide entities with
an additional year to implement ASU 2014-09. As a result, the guidance in ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim reporting periods within those years, using one of two
retrospective application methods. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this update
on the consolidated financial statements. 

Leases . In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases . The new guidance requires that lessees recognize all leases, including operating leases,
with a term greater than 12 months on-balance sheet and also requires disclosure of key information about leasing
transactions. The guidance in ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2018,  and interim reporting periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated
financial statements. 

Stock Compensation . In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which aims to simplify aspects of accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including: presenting the excess tax benefit or deficit from the exercise or vesting of share-based
payments in the income statement, a revision to the criteria for classifying an award as equity or liability, an option to recognize
gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, and certain classifications on the statement
of cash flows. In addition, the new guidance eliminates the excess tax benefit from the assumed proceeds calculation under the
treasury stock method for purposes of calculating diluted shares. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016 and interim reporting periods within those years. Certain provisions of ASU 2016-09 are required to be
adopted prospectively, notably the requirement to recognize the excess tax benefit or deficit in the income statement, while other
provisions require modified retrospective application or in some cases full retrospective application. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

Credit Losses . In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses  (Topic 326). ASU 2016-13 requires financial
assets such as loans to be presented net of an allowance for credit losses that reduces the cost basis to the amount expected
to be collected over the estimated life. Expected credit losses will be measured based on historical experience and current
conditions, as well as forecasts of future conditions that affect the collectability of the reported amount. ASU 2016-13 is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019  and interim reporting periods within those years, using a modified retrospective approach. The
Company is currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial
statements. 

Seasonality   

Historically, the Company s third fiscal
quarter (November through January) has been the slowest period for vehicle sales. Conversely, the Company s first and fourth
fiscal quarters (May through July and February through April) have historically been the busiest times for vehicle sales. Therefore,
the Company generally realizes a higher proportion of its revenue and operating profit during the first and fourth fiscal quarters.
Tax refund anticipation sales efforts during the Company s third fiscal quarter have increased sales levels during the third
fiscal quarter in some past years; however, due to the timing of actual tax refund dollars in the Company s markets, these
sales and collections have primarily occurred in the fourth quarter in each of the last four fiscal years. The Company expects
this pattern to continue in future years. 

If conditions arise that impair vehicle sales
during the first, third or fourth fiscal quarters, the adverse effect on the Company s revenues and operating results for
the year could be disproportionately large. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk   

The Company is exposed to market risk on its
financial instruments from changes in interest rates.  In particular, the Company has historically had exposure to changes
in the federal primary credit rate, and the prime interest rate of its lender.  The Company does not use financial instruments
for trading purposes but has in the past entered into an interest rate swap agreement to manage interest rate risk. 

Interest rate
risk.     The Company s exposure to changes in interest rates is primarily related to its debt obligations.
The Company is exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of its revolving credit facilities. The interest rates charged
to the Company under its credit facilities fluctuate based on its primary lender s base rate of interest. The Company had
total indebtedness of $124.5 million outstanding under its revolving credit facilities at October 31, 2016. The impact of a 1%
increase in interest rates on this amount of debt would result in increased annual interest expense of approximately $1.2 million
and a corresponding decrease in net income before income tax. 

The Company s earnings are impacted by
its net interest income, which is the difference between the income earned on interest-bearing assets and the interest paid on
interest-bearing notes payable. The Company s finance receivables carry a fixed interest rate of 15% or 16.5% per annum,
while its revolving credit facilities contain variable interest rates that fluctuate with market interest rates. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures   

a)  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Based on management s evaluation (with
the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer), as of October 31, 2016, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )),
are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive
Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

b)  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There were no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred
during the Company s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

In the ordinary course of business, the Company
has become a defendant in various types of legal proceedings.  While the outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted
with certainty, the Company does not expect the final outcome of any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, to
have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

There have been no material changes to the
Company s risk factors as previously disclosed in Item 1A to Part 1 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended April 30, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds   

The Company is authorized to repurchase shares
of its common stock under its common stock repurchase program. The Board of Directors most recently approved, and the Company announced,
on July 22, 2016 the authorization to repurchase up to an additional one million shares along with the balance remaining under
its previous authorization approved in November 2014. 

The following table sets forth information
with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company of shares of the Company s common stock during the periods
indicated: 

(1)    The above described stock repurchase
                                         program has no expiration date.    

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure   

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information   

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits   

Exhibit   
   Number    
       
        Description of Exhibit     

3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1-4.8 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 16, 2005 (File No. 333-129727)).   

3.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company dated December 4, 2007.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007 filed with the SEC on December 7, 2007).   

3.3  
       
      Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 19, 2014)   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act.   

32.1  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

America s Car-Mart, Inc.  

By: 
     /s/ William H. Henderson 

William H. Henderson 

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey A. Williams 

Jeffrey A. Williams 

President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

By: 
     /s/ Vickie D. Judy 

Vickie D. Judy 

Vice President, Accounting  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

Dated: December 14, 2016  

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification  

I, William H. Henderson, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of America s Car-Mart, Inc. for the period ended October 31, 2016;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

December 14, 2016  
      /s/ William H. Henderson  

William H. Henderson   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification  

I, Jeffrey A. Williams, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of America s Car-Mart, Inc. for the period ended October 31, 2016;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

December 14, 2016  
      /s/ Jeffrey A. Williams  

Jeffrey A. Williams   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of America s
Car-Mart, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, William H. Henderson, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, and Jeffrey A. Williams, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify in our capacities as officers of the Company,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our
knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

By: 
     /s/ William H. Henderson 

William H. Henderson 

Chief Executive Officer 

December 14, 2016  

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey A. Williams 

Jeffrey A. Williams 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

December 14, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 crmt-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 crmt-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 crmt-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 crmt-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 crmt-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 crmt-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

