<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1060219_0001554795-16-000928_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11026585</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134407</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>443335</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3365218</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4991279</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1802562</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>138</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-16-000928.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114174144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-16-000928
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SALISBURY BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001060219
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				061514263
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14854
		FILM NUMBER:		161996560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 BISSELL ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1868
		CITY:			LAKEVILLE
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06039-1868
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8604359801

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 BISSELL ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1868
		CITY:			LAKEVILLE
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06039-1868

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-16-000928.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 sal1110form10k.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-Q   

  (Mark
One)  

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

    OR   

FOR
                                         THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ________ TO ________    

Commission
file number 0-24751  

   SALISBURY
BANCORP, INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Connecticut  
         
      06-1514263   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
      of
    incorporation or organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

5
    Bissell Street, Lakeville, CT  
         
      06039   
 
      (Address
    of principal executive offices)  
         
      (Zip
    code)   

(860)
435-9801   

   (Registrant's
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   

  Yes
  No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

  Yes
   No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). (Check one):      

Large accelerated
filer   Accelerated filer   Non-accelerated filer   Smaller reporting company    

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

  Yes
  No    

The
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of November 14, 2016 is 2,758,086.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page        
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.       
      Financial
    Statements (unaudited)  

CONSOLIDATED
    BALANCE SHEETS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (unaudited) and DECEMBER 31, 2015  
           3        

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTH PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (unaudited)  
           4        

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTH PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (unaudited)  
           5        

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTH PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (
    (unaudited)  
           5        

CONSOLIDATED
                                         STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   FOR
                                         THE NINE MONTH PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (unaudited)   
           6,
                                         7        

NOTES
    TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
           8        
 
      Item
    2.       
      MANAGEMENT'S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
           31        
 
      Item
    3.       
      QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
           47        
 
      Item
    4.       
      CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES  
           49        
 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
           49        
 
      Item
    1.       
      LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS  
           49        
 
      Item
    1A.       
      RISK
    FACTORS  
           49        
 
      Item
    2.       
      UNREGISTERED
    SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
           49        
 
      Item
    3.       
      DEFAULTS
    UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
           49        
 
      Item
    4.       
      MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
           49        
 
      Item
    5.       
      OTHER
    INFORMATION  
           49        
 
      Item
    6.       
      EXHIBITS  
           50        
 
      SIGNATURES  
           51        

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

(1)  
Net of issuance costs, which are capitalized and amortized as a component of interest expense over a period of 10 years.  

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(unaudited)  

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (unaudited)   

(1) Reclassification
adjustments include realized security gains and losses. The gains and losses have been reclassified out of other comprehensive
income (loss) and have affected certain lines in the consolidated statements of income as follows: The pre-tax amount is reflected
as gains on sales and calls of available-for-sale securities, net, the tax effect is included in the income tax provision and
the after tax amount is included in net income.  

  S alisbury
Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (unaudited) Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc.
and Subsidiary   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited)   

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)  

S alisbury
Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary   

   NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

  The
interim (unaudited) consolidated financial statements of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. ( Salisbury ) include those of Salisbury
and its wholly owned subsidiary, Salisbury Bank and Trust Company (the  Bank ). In the opinion of management, the interim
unaudited consolidated financial statements include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present
fairly the consolidated financial position of Salisbury and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders 
equity and cash flows for the interim periods presented.  

  The
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(GAAP). In preparing the financial statements, management is required to make extensive use of estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet, and revenues and expenses for the period. Actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change
in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, expected cash flows from loans acquired in a business
combination, other-than-temporary impairment of securities and impairment of goodwill and intangibles.   

  Certain
financial information, which is normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, but which is not required for interim reporting purposes, has been condensed or omitted. Operating results for the
interim period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending
December 31, 2016. The accompanying condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and notes thereto included in Salisbury's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

  The
allowance for loan losses is a significant accounting policy and is presented in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
and in Management s Discussion and Analysis, which provides information on how significant assets are valued in the financial
statements and how those values are determined. Based on the valuation techniques used and the sensitivity of financial statement
amounts to the methods, assumptions and estimates underlying those amounts, management has identified the determination of the
allowance for loan losses to be the accounting area that requires the most subjective judgments, and as such could be most subject
to revision as new information becomes available.  

   Impact
of New Accounting Pronouncements Issued    

  In
January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standard Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments
  overall (subtopic 825-10):   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  
This ASU addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments by making
targeted improvements to GAAP as follows: (1) require equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of
accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized
in net income. However, an entity may choose to measure equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at
cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical
or a similar investment of the same issuer; (2) simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable
fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. When a qualitative assessment indicates that impairment
exists, an entity is required to measure the investment at fair value; (3) eliminate the requirement to disclose the fair value
of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities; (4) eliminate the requirement
for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required
to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; (5) require public business entities
to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (6) require an entity
to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting
from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance
with the fair value option for financial instruments; (7) require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities
by measurement category and form of financial asset (that is, securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the
accompanying notes to the financial statements; and (8) clarify that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance
on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets.
ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application is
permitted as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption only for provisions (3) and (6) above. Early adoption of the other
provisions mentioned above is not permitted. Salisbury does not expect ASU No. 2016-01 to have a material impact on its Consolidated
Financial Statements; however, Salisbury will continue to closely monitor developments and additional guidance.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  (Topic 842).  Under the new guidance, lessees will be
required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases): 1) a lease liability, which is the
present value of a lessee's obligation to make lease payments, and 2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the
lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Lessor accounting under the new guidance remains
largely unchanged as it is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases, and operating
leases. Leveraged leases have been eliminated, although lessors can continue to account for existing leveraged leases using the
current accounting guidance. Other limited changes were made to align lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and the
new revenue recognition standard .  All entities will classify leases to determine how to recognize lease-related revenue
and expense. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures will be required by lessees and lessors to meet the objective of enabling
users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The intention is
to require enough information to supplement the amounts recorded in the financial statements so that users can understand more
about the nature of an entity s leasing activities. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. All entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach
for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. They
have the option to use certain relief; full retrospective application is prohibited. Salisbury is currently evaluating this ASU
to determine the impact on its consolidated financial statements.   

  In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718):   Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting.   This ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based
payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. Some of the key provisions of this new ASU include: (1) companies
will no longer record excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies in additional paid-in capital ( APIC ). Instead,
they will record all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement, and APIC
pools will be eliminated. The guidance also eliminates the requirement that excess tax benefits be realized before companies can
recognize them. In addition, the guidance requires companies to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement
of cash flows rather than as a financing activity; (2) increase the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on awards
and still qualify for the exception to liability classification for shares used to satisfy the employer s statutory income
tax withholding obligation. The new guidance will also require an employer to classify the cash paid to a tax authority when shares
are withheld to satisfy its statutory income tax withholding obligation as a financing activity on its statement of cash flows
(current guidance did not specify how these cash flows should be classified); and (3) permit companies to make an accounting policy
election for the impact of forfeitures on the recognition of expense for share-based payment awards. Forfeitures can be estimated,
as required today, or recognized when they occur. ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted, but all of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. Salisbury is
currently evaluating the provisions of ASU No. 2016-09 to determine the potential impact the new standard will have on Salisbury s
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

  In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit
Losses on Financial Instruments , which adds a new Topic 326 to the Codification and removes the thresholds that companies
apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost, such as loans, receivables, and held-to-maturity
debt securities. Under current U.S. GAAP, companies generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been
incurred. The revised guidance will remove all recognition thresholds and will require companies to recognize an allowance for
credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that
the company expects to collect over the instrument s contractual life. ASU 2016-13 also amends the credit loss measurement
guidance for available-for-sale debt securities and beneficial interests in securitized financial assets. The guidance in ASU
2016-13 is effective for  public business entities,  as defined, that are SEC filers for fiscal years and for interim
periods with those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted as of the fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Salisbury is currently evaluating the provisions
of ASU No. 2016-13 to determine the potential impact the new standard will have on Salisbury s Consolidated Financial Statements.  

  In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,    Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  
 This ASU is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how eight particular transactions are classified in the statement
of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and
interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period.
Entities will be required to apply the guidance retrospectively. If it is impracticable to apply the guidance retrospectively
for an issue, the amendments related to that issue would be applied prospectively. As this guidance only affects the classification
within the statement of cash flows, ASU No. 2016-15 is not expected to have a material impact on Salisbury s Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

NOTE 2
- SECURITIES   

  The
composition of securities is as follows:  

(1)    Net of other-than-temporary impairment write-downs recognized in earnings.    

  Salisbury
sold $3.6 million in securities available-for-sale during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, and sold $3.7 million
in securities available-for-sale during the nine month period ended September 30, 2015.  

The
following table summarizes, for all securities in an unrealized loss position, including debt securities for which a portion of
other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) has been recognized, the aggregate fair value and gross unrealized
loss of securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of the date presented:   

Salisbury evaluates securities
for OTTI where the fair value of a security is less than its amortized cost basis at the balance sheet date. As part of this process,
Salisbury considers whether it has the intent to sell each debt security and whether it is more likely than not that it will be
required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of these conditions is met, Salisbury recognizes an OTTI
charge to earnings equal to the entire difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the
balance sheet date. For securities that meet neither of these conditions, an analysis is performed to determine if any of these
securities are at risk for OTTI. 

 The following summarizes, by security
type, the basis for evaluating if the applicable securities were OTTI at September 30, 2016. 

  U.S.
Government agency mortgage-backed securities: The contractual cash flows are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored
enterprises. Changes in fair values are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest rate movements and not changes
in credit quality. Management expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. Furthermore, Salisbury evaluates
these securities for strategic fit and may reduce its position in these securities, although it is not more likely than not that
Salisbury will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost basis, which may be maturity, and does not intend
to sell these securities. Therefore, management does not consider these securities to be OTTI at September 30, 2016.  

 Non-agency CMOs: Salisbury performed
a detailed cash flow analysis of its non-agency CMOs at September 30, 2016, to assess whether any of the securities were OTTI.
Salisbury uses cash flow forecasts for each security based on a variety of market driven assumptions and securitization terms,
including prepayment speed, default or delinquency rate, and default severity for losses including interest, legal fees, property
repairs, expenses and realtor fees, that, together with the loan amount are subtracted from collateral sales proceeds to determine
severity. In 2009, Salisbury determined that five non-agency CMO securities reflected OTTI and recognized losses for deterioration
in credit quality of $1,128,000. Salisbury judged the four remaining securities not to have additional OTTI and all other CMO
securities not to be OTTI as of September 30, 2016. It is possible that future loss assumptions could change necessitating Salisbury
to recognize future OTTI for further deterioration in credit quality. Salisbury evaluates these securities for strategic fit and
depending upon such factor could reduce its position in these securities, although it has no present intention to do so, and it
is not more likely than not that Salisbury will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost basis. 

The
following table presents activity related to credit losses recognized into earnings on the non-agency CMOs held by Salisbury for
which a portion of an OTTI charge was recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income: 

The
Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (FHLBB) is a cooperative that provides services, including funding in the form of advances, to
its member banking institutions. As a requirement of membership, the Bank must own a minimum amount of FHLBB stock, calculated
periodically based primarily on its level of borrowings from the FHLBB. No market exists for shares of the FHLBB and therefore,
they are carried at par value. FHLBB stock may be redeemed at par value five years following termination of FHLBB membership,
subject to limitations which may be imposed by the FHLBB or its regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Board, to maintain capital
adequacy of the FHLBB. While the Bank currently has no intentions to terminate its FHLBB membership, the ability to redeem its
investment in FHLBB stock would be subject to the conditions imposed by the FHLBB. Based on the capital adequacy and the liquidity
position of the FHLBB, management believes there is no impairment related to the carrying amount of the Bank s FHLBB stock
as of September 30, 2016. Deterioration of the FHLBB s capital levels may require the Bank to deem its restricted investment
in FHLBB stock to be OTTI. If evidence of impairment exists in the future, the FHLBB stock would reflect fair value using either
observable or unobservable inputs. The Bank will continue to monitor its investment in FHLBB stock.  

   NOTE
3   LOANS   

  The
composition of loans receivable and loans held-for-sale is as follows:  

Concentrations
of Credit Risk   

  Salisbury's
loans consist primarily of residential and commercial real estate loans located principally in northwestern Connecticut, New York
and Massachusetts towns, which constitute Salisbury's service area. Salisbury offers a broad range of loan and credit facilities
to borrowers in its service area, including residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, construction loans, working
capital loans, equipment loans, and a variety of consumer loans, including home equity lines of credit, and installment and collateral
loans. All residential and commercial mortgage loans are collateralized by first or second mortgages on real estate. The ability
of single family residential and consumer borrowers to honor their repayment commitments is generally dependent on the level of
overall economic activity within the market area and real estate values. The ability of commercial borrowers to honor their repayment
commitments is dependent on the general economy as well as the health of the real estate economic sector in Salisbury s
market area.  

Loan Credit Quality  

 The composition of loans receivable
by risk rating grade is as follows: 

 Business Activities Loans 

Acquired Loans  

Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

The composition
of loans receivable by delinquency status is as follows:  

  Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

Interest
on non-accrual loans that would have been recorded as additional interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 had the loans been current in accordance with their original terms totaled $666,000 and $609,000, respectively.   

Troubled Debt Restructurings   

 Troubled debt restructurings occurring during the periods
are as follows: 

  Business
Activities Loans  

Acquired Loans  

Seven loans were
modified in troubled debt restructurings during 2016, one of which was past due at September 30, 2016.  

 As of September 30, 2016, there were no commitments
to lend additional amounts on  troubled debt restructurings.  

  As
of September 30, 2016, the Bank had $2,793,000 in loans collateralized by residential real estate property in the process of foreclosure.  

Allowance for Loan
Losses   

  Changes in the allowance
for loan losses are as follows:   

The composition of
loans receivable and the allowance for loan losses is as follows:  

  Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

The credit quality
segments of loans receivable and the allowance for loan losses are as follows:  

  Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

A
specific valuation allowance is established for the impairment amount of each impaired loan, calculated using the present
value of expected cash flows or fair value of collateral, in accordance with the most likely means of recovery. Certain
data with respect to loans individually evaluated for impairment is as follows:  

  Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

Business Activities
Loans  

Acquired Loans  

(1)
The table above reflects the book, note and specific allowance as of December 31, 2015, while the average balances and income
recognized are for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

NOTE 4 - MORTGAGE
SERVICING RIGHTS   

Changes in mortgage servicing rights are as follows: 

(1)    Amortization expense and changes in the impairment reserve are recorded
in mortgage servicing, net.    

  NOTE 5 - PLEDGED ASSETS  

At September 30, 2016, securities were pledged as follows:
$59.6 million to secure public deposits, $5.7 million to secure repurchase agreements and $0.1 million to secure FHLBB advances.
In addition to securities, loans receivable were pledged to secure FHLBB advances and credit facilities. 

  NOTE 6   EARNINGS PER SHARE  

   Salisbury defines
unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends as participating securities that are included
in computing earnings per share (EPS) using the two-class method. 

 The two-class method is an earnings
allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each share of common stock and participating securities according to
dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed)
are allocated to common shares and participating securities based on their respective rights to receive dividends. Basic EPS excludes
dilution and is computed by dividing income allocated to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common
stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings
of the entity. 

 The following table sets forth the computation of earnings per share (basic and diluted) for the periods indicated: 

NOTE 7   SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  

  Capital Requirements  

 Salisbury and the Bank are subject
to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional and discretionary actions by the regulators that, if undertaken, could have
a direct material effect on Salisbury s and the Bank's financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, Salisbury and the Bank must meet specific guidelines that involve quantitative measures
of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Salisbury
and the Bank's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components,
risk weightings, and other factors. 

 The Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (FRB) and the FDIC approved the final rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital
guidelines for bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries. Under the final rules, minimum requirements will increase for
both the quantity and quality of capital held by Salisbury and the Bank. The rules include a new common equity Tier 1 capital risk-weighted
assets minimum ratio of 4.5%, raise the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4.0% to 6.0%, require a minimum
ratio of Total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0%, and require a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0%. A new capital conservation
buffer, comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, is also established above the regulatory minimum capital requirements. The initial
implementation of the capital conservation buffer was phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and
increases each subsequent January 1, by an additional 0.625% until reaching its final level of 2.5% on January 1, 2019. Strict
eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments were also implemented under the final rules. 

 As of September 30, 2016, Salisbury
and the Bank met each of their capital requirements and the most recent notification from the FDIC categorized the Bank as  well-capitalized. 
There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 

 Actual regulatory capital position
and minimum capital requirements as defined  To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions  and  For
Capital Adequacy Purposes  for Salisbury and the Bank are as follows: 

DIVIDENDS  

  Cash Dividends to Common Shareholders  

 Salisbury's ability to pay cash dividends
is substantially dependent on the Bank's ability to pay cash dividends to Salisbury. There are certain restrictions on the payment
of cash dividends and other payments by the Bank to Salisbury. Under Connecticut law, the Bank cannot declare a cash dividend except
from net profits, defined as the remainder of all earnings from current operations. The total of all cash dividends declared by
the Bank in any calendar year shall not, unless specifically approved by the Banking Commissioner, exceed the total of its net
profits of that year combined with its retained net profits of the preceding two years. 

 FRB Supervisory Letter SR 09-4, February
24, 2009, revised December 21, 2015, notes that, as a general matter, the Board of Directors of a Bank Holding Company ( BHC )
should inform the FRB and should eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce dividends if (1) net income available to shareholders
for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends;
(2) the prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with capital needs and overall current and prospective financial
condition; or (3) the BHC will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Moreover,
a BHC should inform the FRB reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period (e.g.,
quarter) for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the BHC capital structure. 

  Preferred Stock  

 In August 2011, Salisbury issued
to the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury (the  Treasury ) $16 million of its Series B Preferred Stock under the Small
Business Lending Fund (the  SBLF ) program. The SBLF program is a $30 billion fund established under the Small Business
Jobs Act of 2010 to encourage lending to small businesses by providing Tier 1 capital to qualified community banks with assets
of less than $10 billion. The Preferred Stock qualified as Tier 1 capital for regulatory purposes and ranked senior to the Common
Stock. 

 During fourth quarter 2015, Salisbury
completed an offering of $10 million of unsecured 6.00% fixed-to floating rate subordinated notes due in 2025. The notes
qualify as Tier II capital and are included as such within Salisbury s total risk-based capital ratio. 

 The net proceeds of the offering,
along with cash on hand, were used during the fourth quarter 2015 to redeem the $16 million of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual
Preferred Stock issued in conjunction with Salisbury s participation in the U.S. Treasury s SBLF program. 

  NOTE 8   BENEFITS  

 Salisbury s 401(k) Plan expense
was $179,000 and $166,000, respectively, for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $568,000 and $516,000,
respectively, for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Other post-retirement benefit obligation expense for
endorsement split-dollar life insurance arrangements was $19,000 and $22,000, respectively, for the three month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $56,000 and $53,000, respectively, for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 In
2014, Salisbury terminated the Defined Benefit Pension Plan.  Excess assets in the amount of $1,018,000 were distributed
to the Bank s Defined Contribution Plan (401k) and the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) for future allocations to employees. 
The division of the excess pension assets was 66.67% to the 401k account (or $679,000) and 33.33% to the ESOP account (or $339,000). 

  ESOP  

 Salisbury offers an ESOP to eligible
employees.  Under the Plan, Salisbury may make discretionary contributions to the Plan, which generally vest in full upon
six years of qualified service. 

 Salisbury s ESOP expense was
$51,000 and $96,000, respectively, for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $132,000 and $287,000, respectively,
for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

  Other Retirement Plans  

 A Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation
Plan (the  Plan ) was adopted effective January 1, 2013. This Plan was adopted by the Bank for the benefit of certain
key employees ( Executive  or  Executives ) who have been selected and approved by the Bank to participate
in this Plan and who have evidenced their participation by execution of a Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan Participation
Agreement ( Participation Agreement ) in a form provided by the Bank. This Plan is intended to comply with Internal Revenue
Code ( Code ) Section 409A and any regulatory or other guidance issued under such Section of the Code. 

 In  2015, 2014, and 2013 the
Bank awarded six (6), seven (7) and six (6) Executives, respectively, with discretionary contributions to the plan. Expenses related
to this Plan amounted to $56,000 for the third quarter of 2016 and $34,000 for the third quarter of 2015. Additionally, expenses
related to this plan amounted to $168,000 and $95,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Based
on the Executive s date of retirement, the vesting schedule ranges from 7.7% per year to 50% per year. 

On January 29, 2016, the Compensation
Committee granted a total of 47,470 Phantom Stock Appreciation Units pursuant to its 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, which was
approved by shareholders at the 2011 Annual Meeting, including 23,012 units to three Named Executive Officers. Richard J. Cantele,
Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer received 11,484 units, John Davies, President of the New York Region and Chief Lending
Officer received 5,963 units and Donald E. White, Chief Financial Officer received 5,565 units. The units will vest on the third
anniversary of the grant date. 

  Grants of Restricted Stock and
Options  

 On February 16, 2016, 1,350 shares
of stock options were exercised at $21.48 per share by one former Riverside Bank executive. 

 On January 29, 2016, Salisbury granted
a total of 15,800 shares of restricted stock pursuant to its 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, which was approved by shareholders
at the 2011 Annual Meeting, to 42 employees, including 6,000 shares to three Named Executive Officers. Richard J. Cantele, Jr.,
President and Chief Executive Officer received 5,000 and John Davies, President New York Region and Chief Lending Officer and Donald
E. White, Chief Financial Officer each received 500 shares. The fair value of all such stock as of the grant date was determined
to be $466,000 and the stock will be vested three years from the grant date. On July 29, 2016, the Board of Directors approved
the accelerated vesting of 200 shares for a recently retired employee.   

 On January 26, 2016, 2,700 shares
of stock options were exercised at $21.48 per share by two former Riverside Bank executives. 

 On February 17, 2015 and February
25, 2015, 1,350 and 5,400 shares of stock options were exercised, respectively, at $18.52 per share by two former Riverside Bank
executives. 

 On September 28, 2015, 2,700 shares
of stock options were exercised at $21.48 per share by one former Riverside Bank executive. 

 On March 27, 2015, Salisbury granted
a total of 1,000 shares of restricted stock, pursuant to its 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, to one (1) Named Executive Officer,
Richard J. Cantele, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer. The fair value of the stock as of the grant date was determined
to be $29,000 and the stock vested immediately. 

 Expense related to such grants in
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $57,000 and $52,000, respectively, and for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $164,000 and $167,000, respectively. Unrecognized compensation cost relating to the awards as of September
30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $431,000 and $186,000, respectively. There were 100 shares forfeited in the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and a total of 300 shares were forfeited in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

  NOTE 9  ACCUMULATED OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

   The components of accumulated other comprehensive income are as follows: 

NOTE 10   FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  

 Salisbury uses fair value measurements to record fair value
adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available-for-sale are recorded
at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, other assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis, such as loans held for sale, collateral dependent impaired loans, property acquired through foreclosure or repossession
and mortgage servicing rights. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve the application of lower-of-cost-or-market
accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 

 Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820-10,  Fair
Value Measurement-Overall,  provides a framework for measuring fair value under generally accepted accounting principles.
This guidance permitted Salisbury the irrevocable option to elect fair value for the initial and subsequent measurement for certain
financial assets and liabilities on a contract-by-contract basis. Salisbury did not elect fair value treatment for any financial
assets or liabilities upon adoption. 

 In accordance with ASC 820-10, Salisbury groups its financial
assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities
are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. 

 GAAP spe cifies
a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the types of valuation information ( inputs ) are observable
or unobservable.  Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable
inputs reflect Salisbury s market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy:   

Level
                                         1. Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Valuations for assets and liabilities
                                         traded in active exchange markets, such as the New York Stock Exchange. Level 1 also
                                         includes U.S. Treasury, other U.S. Government and agency mortgage-backed securities that
                                         are traded by dealers or brokers in active markets. Valuations are obtained from readily
                                         available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical assets or liabilities.    

Level
                                         2. Significant other observable inputs. Valuations for assets and liabilities traded
                                         in less active dealer or broker markets. Valuations are obtained from third party pricing
                                         services for identical or comparable assets or liabilities.    

Level
                                         3. Significant unobservable inputs. Valuations for assets and liabilities that are derived
                                         from other methodologies, including option pricing models, discounted cash flow models
                                         and similar techniques, are not based on market exchange, dealer, or broker traded transactions.
                                         Level 3 valuations incorporate certain assumptions and projections in determining the
                                         fair value assigned to such assets and liabilities.     

  A
financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to
the fair value measurement. Salisbury did not have any significant transfers of assets between levels 1 and 2 of the fair value
hierarchy during the quarter ended September 30, 2  016.  

  The
following is a description of valuation methodologies for assets recorded at fair value, including the general classification
of such asse ts and liabilities pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.   

Securities
                                         available-for-sale. Securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring
                                         basis. Level 1 securities include exchange-traded equity securities. Level 2 securities
                                         include debt securities with quoted prices, which are traded less frequently than exchange-traded
                                         instruments, whose value is determined using matrix pricing with inputs that are observable
                                         in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market
                                         data. This category generally includes obligations of the U.S. Treasury and U.S. government-sponsored
                                         enterprises, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, municipal
                                         bonds, SBA bonds, corporate bonds and certain preferred equities. Level 3 is for positions
                                         that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions, valuations
                                         are adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, and such adjustments
                                         are generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management s
                                         best estimate is used. Subsequent to inception, management only changes level 3 inputs
                                         and assumptions when corroborated by evidence such as transactions in similar instruments,
                                         completed or pending third-party transactions in the underlying investment or comparable
                                         entities, subsequent rounds of financing, recapitalization and other transactions across
                                         the capital structure, offerings in the equity or debt markets, and changes in financial
                                         ratios or cash flows.    

Collateral
                                         dependent loans that are deemed to be impaired are valued based upon the fair value of
                                         the underlying collateral less costs to sell. Such collateral primarily consists of real
                                         estate and, to a lesser extent, other business assets. Management may adjust appraised
                                         values to reflect estimated market value declines or apply other discounts to appraised
                                         values resulting from its knowledge of the property. Internal valuations are utilized
                                         to determine the fair value of other business assets. Collateral dependent impaired loans
                                         are categorized as Level 3.    

Other
                                         real estate owned acquired through foreclosure or repossession is adjusted to fair value
                                         less costs to sell upon transfer out of loans. Subsequently, it is carried at the lower
                                         of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Fair value is generally based upon
                                         independent market prices or appraised values of the collateral. Management adjusts appraised
                                         values to reflect estimated market value declines or apply other discounts to appraised
                                         values for unobservable factors resulting from its knowledge of the property, and such
                                         property is categorized as Level 3.    

Mortgage
                                         servicing assets are accounted for at cost, subject to impairment testing. When the carrying
                                         cost exceeds fair value, a valuation allowance is established to reduce the carrying
                                         cost to fair value. Fair value is calculated as the present value of estimated future
                                         net servicing income and relies on market based assumptions for loan prepayment speeds,
                                         servicing costs, discount rates, and other economic factors; as such, the primary risk
                                         inherent in valuing mortgage servicing assets is the impact of fluctuating interest rates
                                         on the servicing revenue stream. Mortgage servicing assets are classified within Level
                                         2 of the fair value hierarchy.    

Assets measured at fair value are as follows: 

Carrying values and estimated fair values of financial instruments
are as follows: 

The carrying amounts of financial instruments shown in the
above table are included in the consolidated balance sheets under the indicated captions.  

  NOTE 11   SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

  On October 28, 2016,
the Board of Directors of Salisbury declared a common stock dividend of $0.28 per common share payable on November 25, 2016 to
shareholders of record on November 11, 2016.   

Item 2.  
      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 
  Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Salisbury and its subsidiary should be read in conjunction
with Salisbury's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Readers should also review other disclosures
Salisbury files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  

  BUSINESS  

 Salisbury,
a Connecticut corporation, formed in 1998, is the bank holding company for the Bank, a Connecticut-chartered and FDIC insured
commercial bank headquartered in Lakeville, Connecticut. Salisbury's principal business consists of the management and operations
of the business of the Bank. The Bank, formed in 1848, is engaged in customary banking activities, including general deposit taking
and lending activities to both retail and commercial markets, and trust and wealth advisory services. The Bank conducts its banking
business from thirteen full-service offices in the towns of: Canaan, Lakeville, Salisbury and Sharon, Connecticut; Great Barrington,
South Egremont and Sheffield, Massachusetts; and, Fishkill, Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Red Oaks Mill, Dover Plains and Millerton,
New York. The Bank s trust and wealth advisory services are based in Lakeville, Connecticut. In May 2014, the Bank established
a new branch in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. In June 2014, the Bank acquired a branch office and related deposits from another
institution in Sharon, Connecticut and consolidated its existing Sharon office with the new branch. In December 2014, the Bank
completed its acquisition of Riverside Bank of Poughkeepsie, New York, adding four new offices and a strong commercial lending
focus to Salisbury s New York market presence. 

  Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates  

  Salisbury s
consolidated financial statements follow GAAP as applied to the banking industry in which it operates. Application of these principles
requires management to make estimates, assumptions   and judgments that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the
date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the financial statements could reflect different estimates,
assumptions and judgments and as such have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than
originally reported. Estimates, assumptions and judgments are necessary when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded
at fair value, when a decline in the value of an asset not carried at fair value warrants an impairment write-down or valuation
reserve to be established, or when an asset or liability needs to be recorded contingent upon a future event.  

  Salisbury s
significant accounting policies are presented in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which, along with this
Management s Discussion and Analysis, provide information on how significant assets are valued in the financial statements
and how those values are determined. Management believes that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid
in fully understanding and evaluating Salisbury s reported financial results, and they require management s most difficult,
subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.  

 Loans acquired
in business combinations are initially recorded at fair value with no carryover of the related allowance for credit losses. Determining
the fair value of the loans involves estimating the amount and timing of cash flows initially expected to be collected and discounting
those cash flows at an appropriate market rate of interest. The Bank continues to evaluate reasonableness of the timing and the
amount of cash to be collected. Subsequent decreases in expected cash flows may result in changes in the amortization or accretion
of fair market value adjustments, and in some cases may result in the loan being considered impaired.  For collateral dependent
loans with deteriorated credit quality, the Bank estimates the fair value of the underlying collateral of the loans.  These
values are discounted using market derived rates of return, with consideration given to the period of time and costs associated
with the foreclosure and disposition of the collateral. 

 The allowance
for loan losses represents management s estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Determining the amount
of the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because it requires significant judgment and the
use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of
homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic trends and conditions, all of which
may be susceptible to significant change. The loan portfolio also represents the largest asset type on the balance sheet. Note
1  Basis of Presentation  describes the methodology used to determine the allowance for loan losses. A discussion
of the factors driving changes in the amount of the allowance for loan losses are included in the  Provision and Allowance
for Loan Losses  section of Management s Discussion and Analysis. 

  Management
evaluates goodwill and identifiable intangible assets for impairment annually using valuation techniques that involve estimates
for discount rates, projected future cash flows and time period calculations, all of which are susceptible to change based on
changes in economic conditions and other factors. Future events or changes in the estimates, which are used to determine the carrying
value of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets or which otherwise adversely affect their value or estimated lives could
have a material adverse impact on the results of operations.  

Management
evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment giving consideration to the extent to which the fair value has been less
than cost, estimates of future cash flows, delinquencies and default severity, and the intent and ability of Salisbury to retain
its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. The consideration
of the above factors is subjective and involves estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. Should
actual factors and conditions differ materially from those used by management, the actual realization of gains or losses on investment
securities could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the financial statements.  

  FINANCIAL
CONDITION  

  Overview  

 Total assets
were $928.4 million at September 30, 2016, up $37.2 million from December 31, 2015. Loans receivable, net, were $753.6 million
at September 30, 2016, up $54.6 million, or 7.2%, from December 31, 2015. Non-performing assets were $14.5 million at September
30, 2016, down $1.8 million from $16.3 million at December 31, 2015. Reserve coverage, as measured by the ratio of the allowance
for loan losses to gross loans, was 0.78%, 0.81% and 0.82%, at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively.
Deposits were $786.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $754.5 million at December 31, 2015. FHLBB advances increased $0.1 million
from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. 

 At September
30, 2016, book value and tangible book value per common share were $33.92 and $28.69, respectively. Salisbury s Tier 1 leverage,
total risk-based and common equity Tier 1 capital ratios were 8.47%, 13.25%, and 11.01%, respectively. 

  Securities
and Short Term Funds  

 During
the first nine months of 2016, securities increased $0.1 million to $76.8 million at September 30, 2016. Cash and cash equivalents
(non-time interest-bearing deposits with other banks, money market funds and federal funds sold) decreased $19.5 million. 

 Salisbury
evaluates securities for OTTI where the fair value of a security is less than its amortized cost basis at the balance sheet date.
As part of this process, Salisbury considers its intent to sell each debt security and whether it is more likely than not that
it will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of these conditions is met, Salisbury recognizes
an OTTI charge to earnings equal to the entire difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value
at the balance sheet date. For securities that meet neither of these conditions, an analysis is performed to determine if any
of these securities are at risk for OTTI. 

 Salisbury
evaluates securities for strategic fit and may reduce its position in securities, although it is not more likely than not that
Salisbury will be required to sell securities before recovery of their cost basis, which may be maturity. Therefore, management
does not consider any of its securities, other than four non-agency CMO securities reflecting previously recognized OTTI, to be
OTTI at September 30, 2016. 

 Salisbury
has, and continues to monitor, CMO securities where historical recognition of losses has occurred as a result of OTTI. Salisbury
determined, as of September 30, 2016, that additional recognition of OTTI was not required. It is possible that future loss assumptions
could change necessitating Salisbury to recognize future OTTI. 

  Loans  

  Net
loans receivable increased $54.6 million to $753.6 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $699.0 million at December 31,
2015 and increased $65.9 million from $687.7 million at September 30, 2015.  

  Loan
Credit Quality  

 During
the first nine months of 2016, total impaired and potential problem loans decreased to $26.1 million, or 3.4% of gross loans receivable
at September 30, 2016, from $27.1 million, or 3.8% of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2015 and decreased from $31.7 million
at September 30, 2015. The percentage of such loans at September 30, 2016 when compared to September 30, 2015 improved from 4.5%
of gross loans. 

Changes
in impaired and potential problem loans are as follows:   

During
the third quarter of 2016, Salisbury placed $0.9 million of loans on non-accrual status as a result of deteriorated payment and
financial performance and charged-off $116,000 of non-accrual loans primarily as a result of credit or collateral deficiencies.

Salisbury
has cooperative relationships with the vast majority of its non-performing loan customers. Substantially all non-performing loans
are collateralized with real estate and the repayment of such loans is largely dependent on the return of such loans to performing
status or the liquidation of the underlying real estate collateral. Salisbury pursues the resolution of all non-performing loans
through collections, restructures, voluntary liquid ation of collateral by the borrower and, where
necessary, legal action. When attempts to work with a customer to return a loan to performing status, including restructuring
the loan, are unsuccessful, Salisbury will initiate appropriate legal action seeking to acquire property by deed in lieu of foreclosure
or through foreclosure, or to liquidate business assets.    

   Credit
Quality Segments   

  Salisbury
categorizes loans receivable into the following credit quality segments:  

Impaired
                                         loans consist of all non-accrual loans and troubled debt restructured loans, and represent
                                         loans for which it is probable that Salisbury will not be able to collect all principal
                                         and interest amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreements.     

Non-accrual
                                         loans, a sub-set of impaired loans, are loans for which the accrual of interest has been
                                         discontinued because, in the opinion of management, full collection of principal or interest
                                         is unlikely.     

Non-performing
                                         loans consist of non-accrual loans, and accruing loans past due 90 days and over that
                                         are well collateralized, in the process of collection and where full collection of principal
                                         and interest is reasonably assured. Non-performing assets consist of non-performing loans
                                         plus real estate acquired in settlement of loans.     

Troubled
                                         debt restructured loans are loans for which concessions such as reduction of interest
                                         rates, other than normal market rate adjustments, or deferral of principal or interest
                                         payments, extension of maturity dates, or reduction of principal balance or accrued interest,
                                         have been granted due to a borrower s financial condition. Loan restructuring is
                                         employed when management believes the granting of a concession will increase the probability
                                         of the full or partial collection of principal and interest.    

Potential
                                         problem loans consist of performing loans that have been assigned a substandard credit
                                         risk rating and are not classified as impaired.     

   Credit
Risk Ratings   

  Salisbury
assigns credit risk ratings to loans receivable in order to manage credit risk and to determine the allowance for loan losses.
Credit risk ratings categorize loans by common financial and structural characteristics that measure the credit strength of a
borrower. Salisbury s rating model has eight risk rating grades, with each grade corresponding to a progressively greater
risk of default. Grades 1 through 4 are pass ratings and 5 through 8 are ratings (special mention, substandard, doubtful, and
loss) defined by the banks regulatory agencies, the FDIC and CTDOB. Risk ratings are assigned to differentiate risk within the
portfolio and are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised, if needed, to reflect changes in the borrowers' current financial
position and outlook, risk profiles and the related collateral and structural positions.   

Loans
                                         risk rated as  special mention  possess credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses
                                         deserving management s close attention that if left uncorrected may result in deterioration
                                         of the repayment prospects for the loans at some future date.    

Loans
                                         risk rated as  substandard  are loans where the Bank s position is clearly
                                         not protected adequately by borrower current net worth or payment capacity. These loans
                                         have well defined weaknesses based on objective evidence and include loans where future
                                         losses to the Bank may result if deficiencies are not corrected, and loans where the
                                         primary source of repayment such as income is diminished and the Bank must rely on sale
                                         of collateral or other secondary sources of collection.    

Loans
                                         risk rated as  doubtful  have the same weaknesses as substandard loans with
                                         the added characteristic that the weakness makes collection or liquidation in full, given
                                         current facts, conditions, and values, to be highly improbable. The possibility of loss
                                         is high, but due to certain important and reasonably specific pending factors, which
                                         may work to strengthen the loan, its reclassification as an estimated loss is deferred
                                         until its exact status can be determined.    

Loans
                                         risk rated as  loss  are considered uncollectible and of such little value
                                         that continuance as Bank assets is unwarranted. This classification does not mean that
                                         the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather, it is not practical
                                         or desirable to defer writing off this loan even though partial recovery may be made
                                         in the future.     

  Management
actively reviews   and tests its credit risk ratings against actual experience and engages
an independent third-party to annually validate its assignment of credit risk ratings. In addition, the Bank s loan portfolio
and risk ratings are examined annually on a rotating basis by its two primary regulatory agencies, the FDIC and CTDOB.  

   Impaired
Loans   

  Loans individually evaluated
for impairment (impaired loans) are loans for which Salisbury does not expect to collect all contractual principal and interest
in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans include all modified loans classified as troubled debt restructurings
(TDRs) and loans on non-accrual status. The components of impaired loans are as follows:  

Non-Performing Assets   

  Non-performing
assets decreased $1.8 million to $14.5 million, or 1.6% of assets at September 30, 2016, from $16.3 million, or 1.8% of assets
at December 31, 2015, and decreased $2.1 million from $16.6 million, or 1.8% of assets at September 30, 2015.  

  The 11% decrease in
non-performing assets in 2016 resulted primarily from $2.4 million of loans reinstated to accrual status, $1.3 million in payoffs
and repayments, $0.3 million change in 90+ past due and accruing, $0.7 million inter-month tax advance, and $0.3 million charged
off. This decrease was offset in part by $2.9 million placed on non-accrual status.   

 The components of non-performing assets are as follows: 

At
September 30, 2016, 12.57% of non-performing loans were current with respect to loan payments, compared with 27.65% at December
31, 2015. Loans past due 180 days exclude a former $2.8 million loan secured by vacant land (residential building lots) as foreclosure
was completed in the third quarter and the balance is now reflected in Other Real Estate Owned.   

  On
a combined basis, the five largest non-performing loan relationships account for 49% of the non-performing assets while the combined
largest ten loan relationships account for 68% of total non-performing assets. Accordingly, asset quality issues are confined to
a small number of relationships and management does not consider them to be systemic. All of the ten largest non-performing relationships
are secured by real estate and seven of these are actively moving through the legal process.  

   Troubled
Debt Restructured Loans   

  Troubled
debt restructured loans decreased $0.3 million during the nine (9) month period ended September 30, 2016 to $10.9 million, or
1.40% of gross loans receivable at September 30, 2016, from $10.6 million, or 1.50% of gross loans receivable at December 31,
2015.  

   The components of troubled debt restructured loans are as follows: 

At
September 30, 2016, 67.54% of troubled debt restructured loans were current with respect to loan payments, as compared with 81.04%
at December 31, 2015.  

Past
Due Loans   

  Loans
past due 30 days or more decreased $0.3 million during 2016 to $15.6 million, or 2.06% of gross loans receivable at September
30, 2016, compared with $15.9 million, or 2.26% of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2015.  

  The components of loans
past due 30 days or greater are as follows:  

Potential
Problem Loans   

  Potential
problem loans increased $4.2 million during the first nine months of 2016 to $7.5 million, or 0.99% of gross loans receivable at
September 30, 2016, compared with $3.3 million, or 0.48% of gross loans receivable at December 31, 2015.  

  The components of potential
problem loans are as follows:  

The past due status
of potential problem loans is as follows:  

At September 30, 2016,
68.58% of potential problem loans were current with respect to loan payments, as compared with 81.27% at December 31, 2015.   

  Management
cannot predict the extent to which economic or other factors may impact such borrowers  future payment capacity, and there
can be no assurance that such loans will not be placed on nonaccrual status, restructured, or require increased provisions for
loan losses.  

  Deposits
and Borrowings  

  Deposits,
totaling $786.7 million, increased $32.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to balances at
December 31, 2015 of $754.5 million. Deposits increased $25.2 million year-over-year from $761.5 million at September 30,
2015. Retail repurchase agreements decreased $0.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $3.6 million
compared with $3.9 million at December 31, 2015, and decreased $0.6 million for year-over-year compared with $4.2 million at
September 30, 2015.  

Federal
Home Loan Bank of Boston (FHLBB) advances increased $0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $27.1 million
at September 30, 2016, from $27.0 million at December 31, 2015, and increased $0.2 million year-over-year from $26.9 million at
September 30, 2015. Salisbury has an Irrevocable Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement with the FHLB, whereby upon the Bank s
request an irrevocable letter of credit is issued to secure municipal transactional deposit accounts.  These letters of credit
primarily are secured by residential mortgage loans.  The amount of funds available from the FHLB to the Bank is reduced
by any letters of credit outstanding.  At September 30, 2016, there were no municipal letters of credit outstanding.  

  Liquidity  

  Salisbury
manages its liquidity position to ensure that there is sufficient funding availability at all times to meet both anticipated and
unanticipated deposit withdrawals, loan originations and advances, securities purchases and other operating cash outflows. Salisbury's
primary sources of liquidity are principal payments and maturities of securities and loans, short-term borrowings through repurchase
agreements and FHLBB advances, net deposit growth and funds provided by operations. Liquidity can also be provided through sales
of assets, primarily loans and available-for-sale securities.  

  Salisbury
manages its liquidity in accordance with a liquidity funding policy, and also maintains a contingency funding plan that provides
for the prompt and comprehensive response to unexpected demands for liquidity. At September 30, 2016, Salisbury's liquidity ratio,
as represented by cash, short term available-for-sale securities and marketable assets to net deposits and short term unsecured
liabilities, was 20.29%, down from 22.67% at December 31, 2015. Management believes Salisbury s funding sources will meet
anticipated funding needs.  

  Operating
activities for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 provided net cash of $9.4 million. Investing activities used net
cash of $58.7 million primarily to fund loan growth of $57.3 million and purchase investments of $45.3 million. Investment activities
generated $44.8 million of funds from the sale, principal payments, calls and maturities of securities available-for-sale. Financing
activities provided net cash of $29.8 million, principally due to the $35.3 million increase in deposit transaction accounts. Financing
activities also utilized net cash of $2.3 million for the payment of common stock dividends.  

  At
September 30, 2016, Salisbury had outstanding commitments to fund new loan originations of $27.2 million and unused lines of credit
of $109.7 million. Salisbury believes that these commitments can be met in the normal course of business. Salisbury believes that
its liquidity sources will continue to provide funding sufficient to support operating activities, loan originations and commitments,
and deposit withdrawals.  

  RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS  

  For
the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  OVERVIEW  

 Net
income allocated to common stock was $1.9 million, or $0.70 per common share, for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016,
compared with $1.9 million, or $0.71 per common share, for the third quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

Net
Interest Income    

 Tax equivalent net interest income for
third quarter 2016 decreased $218,000, or 2.7%, versus third quarter 2015. Average earning assets increased $55.7 million versus
third quarter 2015. Average total interest bearing deposits increased $37.9 million versus third quarter 2015. The net interest
margin of 3.59% for the third quarter 2016 decreased by 34 basis points as compared to 3.93% for the third quarter 2015. 

 Interest income for the third quarter
reflects net accretion related to the fair value adjustments of loans acquired in the Riverside Bank acquisition in the amount
of $440,000. The third quarter 2015 interest income was benefitted by $726,000 from a similar adjustment. 

The
following table sets forth the components of Salisbury's fully tax-e quivalent ( FTE ) net interest income and
yields on average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 

(a)      Includes
                                         non-accrual loans.    
 
     (b)      Includes
                                         interest-bearing deposits in other banks and federal funds sold.    
 
          (c)      Average
                                         balances of securities are based on historical cost.    
 
          (d)      Includes
                                             tax exempt income benefit of $295,000 and
                                         $298,000, respectively, for 2016 and 2015 on  tax-exempt
                                         securities and loans whose income and yields are calculated on a tax-equivalent basis.     
 
          (e)      Net
                                         interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.    

The following table sets
forth the changes in FTE interest due to volume and rate. 

Interest
Income   

 Interest income (FTE) on loans increased $180,000 due
to the $67.1 million or 9.7% increase in average volume to $757.2 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $690.1 million
for the third quarter of 2015. The favorable impact on interest income (FTE) of the average loan growth was partially offset by
the 32 basis point decrease in the loan yield from 4.64% for the third quarter of 2015 to 4.32% for the third quarter of 2016.
Interest income (FTE) on securities decreased $201,000 due primarily to the 106 basis point decrease in yield from 4.19% for the
third quarter of 2015 to 3.13% for the third quarter of 2016. The decrease in the yield of securities reflects the replacement
of securities at lower yields as compared to those securities which comprised the September 2015 investment portfolio. 

   Interest
Expense   

 Interest expense increased $229,000, or 30.4%, to $982,000 for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to $753,000
for the third quarter of 2015. Interest expense on the subordinated debt issued in December 2015 was $156,000 for the third quarter
of 2016 as compared to no such expense in the third quarter of 2015. Proceeds from the issuance of the subordinated debt, along
with cash on hand, was used to fully redeem $16.0 million of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock, which was issued pursuant to
Salisbury s participation in the U. S. Treasury s SBLF program. Interest expense on interest bearing deposits increased
$102,000 or 22.0% from $463,000 for the third quarter of 2015 to $565,000 for the third quarter of 2016. The increase in interest
expense related to interest bearing deposits was due to the 4 basis point increase in the average rate, from 0.33% to 0.37%, due
to higher interest rates paid on interest bearing deposits and the change in product mix. The average volume of interest bearing
deposits increased $37.9 million or 6.73% increase from $562.6 million for the third quarter of 2015 to $600.5 million for the
third quarter of 2016. The growth in interest bearing deposits was primarily due to the $43.8 million increase in the average volume
of money market accounts from $181.7 million for the third quarter of 2015 to $225.4 million for the third quarter of 2016. Interest
expense on FHLB borrowings decreased $32,000 or 11.9% as the cost of these funds decreased 78 basis points from 3.81% for the third
quarter of 2015 to 3.03% for the third quarter of 2016. The decrease substantially reflects a third quarter 2015 advance modification
on $21.0 million of advances, in accordance with ASC 470-50, which extended maturities to a weighted average 39 months and lowered
the effective rate.The favorable impact on interest expense of the decrease in the average rate on these borrowings as a result
of this modification was partially offset by the $2.9 million or 10.7% increase in the average volume of these borrowings to support
loan growth. 

  Provision and Allowance for Loan
Losses  

  The
provision for loan losses was $344,000 for third quarter 2016, compared with $655,000 for third quarter 2015. Included in the
provision are impairments related to acquired loans accounted for under ASC 310-30 of $34,000 and $142,000 for the third quarter
of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net loan charge-offs were $171,000 and $55,000 for the respective quarters.  

 The following table details the principal categories of credit quality ratios: 

Reserve
coverage, as measured by the ratio of the allowance for loan losses to gross loans, decreased to 0.78% at September 30, 2016 compared
to 0.82% at September 30, 2015.  

  Non-performing
loans (non-accrual loans and accruing loans past-due 90 days or more) amounted to $11.7 million or 1.3% of assets at September
30, 2016 as compared to 1.8% at September 30, 2015. Accruing loans past due 30-89 days increased $3.4 million to $5.9 million
at September 30, 2016, or 0.8% of gross loans receivable from 0.36% at September 30, 2015. See  Financial Condition  
Loan Credit Quality  above for further discussion and analysis.  

 The allowance for loan losses represents
management s estimate of the probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the reporting date. The allowance
is increased by provisions charged to earnings and by recoveries of amounts previously charged off, and is reduced by loan charge-offs.
Loan charge-offs are recognized when management determines a loan, or portion of a loan, to be uncollectible. The allowance for
loan losses is computed by segregating the portfolio into three components: (1) loans collectively evaluated for impairment: general
loss allocation factors for non-impaired loans are segmented into pools of loans based on similar risk characteristics such as
loan product, collateral type and loan-to-value, loan risk rating, historical loss experience, delinquency factors and other similar
economic indicators, (2) loans individually evaluated for impairment: individual loss allocations for loans deemed to be impaired
based on discounted cash flows or collateral value, and (3) unallocated: general loss allocations for other environmental factors. 

Impaired
loans and certain potential problem loans, when warranted, are individually evaluated for impairment. Impairment is measured for
each individual loan, or for a borrower s aggregate loan exposure, using either the fair value of the collateral, less estimated
costs to sell if the loan is collateral dependent, or the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s
effective interest rate. A specific allowance is generally established when the collateral value or discounted cash flows of the
loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan.  

  The
component of the allowance for loan losses related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment is estimated by stratifying
loans into segments as well as credit risk ratings and then applying management s general loss allocation factors. The general
loss allocation factors are based on expected loss experience adjusted for historical loss experience and other qualitative factors,
including levels or trends in delinquencies; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of changes in risk selection and underwriting
standards and other changes in lending policies, procedures and practices; experience/ability/depth of lending management and
staff; and national and local economic trends and conditions. The qualitative factors are determined based on the various risk
characteristics of each loan segment. There were no significant changes in Salisbury s policies or methodology pertaining
to the general component of the allowance for loan losses during the first nine months of 2016.  

  The
unallocated component of the allowance is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable
losses. It reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating allocated
and general reserves in the portfolio. Additionally reserves are established for off balance sheet exposures.  

  Determining
the adequacy of the allowance and reserves at any given period is difficult, particularly during deteriorating or uncertain economic
periods, and management must make estimates using assumptions and information that are often subjective and changing rapidly. The
review of credit exposure related to loans is a continuing event in light of a changing economy and the dynamics of the banking
and regulatory environment. Should the economic climate deteriorate, borrowers could experience difficulty and the level of non-performing
loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise, requiring increased provisions and reserves. In management's judgment, Salisbury
remains adequately reserved both against total loans and non-performing loans at September 30, 2016.   

  Management s
loan risk rating assignments, loss percentages and specific reserves are subjected annually to an independent credit review by
an external firm. In addition, the Bank is examined annually on a rotational basis by one of its two primary regulatory agencies,
the FDIC and CTDOB. As an integral part of their examination process, the FDIC and CTDOB review the adequacy and methodology of
the Bank's credit risk ratings and allowance for loan losses.  

   Non-Interest
Income   

  The
following table details the principal categories of non-interest income.  

Non-interest
income for third quarter 2016 increased $126,000 versus third quarter 2015.     

  Trust
and wealth advisory revenues increased $51,000, or 6%, to $849,000 for the third quarter 2016 as compared to $798,000 for the
third quarter 2015. Revenue generated from Managed Asset balances at September 30, 2016 was $783,000 for the third quarter,
an increase of 6% from $738,000 for the third quarter 2015. Non-Managed asset revenue of $66,000 in the third quarter 2016
increased 10% from $60,000 in revenue for the third quarter 2015. Balances of $509.6 million of Assets under Administration
(AUA) at September 30, 2016 increased $158.8 million, or 45%, from $350.8 million of AUA at September 30, 2015. AUA are
comprised of Managed Assets and Non-Managed Assets. Managed Asset balances at September 30, 2016 of $361.3 million increased
29% as compared to balances of $280.2 million at September 30, 2015. Non-Managed asset balances of $148.2 million at
September 30, 2016 increased 110% as compared to third quarter 2015 balances of $70.6 million.     

   Service charges and fees increased $42,000 versus third quarter
2015.   The third quarter increase was a result of higher fees due to increased transactional volume, mainly
attributable to interchange fees, and Master Card Enrollment fees. The Master Card Enrollment fees, which began in June 2016,
were $25,000 in the third quarter of 2016, with no such fees in the third quarter 2015. Income from sales and servicing of mortgage
loans increased $31,000 versus third quarter 2015 due primarily to favorable changes in the valuation of mortgage servicing which
increased $23,000. Third quarter 2016 mortgage loan sales totaled $3.3 million versus $1.4 million for third quarter 2015. Third
quarter 2016, and third quarter 2015 included mortgage servicing valuation charges of $42,000, and $85,000, respectively. Gains
on sales and calls of securities for the third quarter 2016, and third quarter 2015 totaled $10,000 and $6,000, respectively. Other
income includes bank owned life insurance income and rental income. 

Non-Interest
Expense   

  The
following table details the principal categories of non-interest expense.  

Non-interest
expense for third quarter 2016 increased $297,000 versus third quarter 2015. Total compensation expense increased $234,000 versus
third quarter 2015, which reflects increased staffing levels, market and merit adjustments. Premises and equipment expense decreased
$54,000 versus third quarter 2015. The year-over-year decrease is mainly related to lower fuel, utilities, and building repair
costs.   Data processing increased $68,000 versus third quarter 2015. The increase is mainly due to   increases
in   data communications and processing. Professional fees increased
$61,000 versus third quarter 2015. Third quarter 2016 included     increased
Trust and Wealth Advisory related investment management fees. Loan related expenses decreased $16,000 versus third quarter 2015
mainly due to lower appraisal fees, which were partially offset by increased expense related to customer delinquent taxes. Other
expense increased $46,000 versus third quarter 2015 due primarily to the change in the off balance sheet provision between the
two periods; the third quarter 2016 provision expense of $3,000 contrasts to a benefit of $29,000 recognized in the third quarter
2015.  

   Income Taxes   

 The effective income tax rates for
third quarter 2016, second quarter 2016 and third quarter 2015 were 29.71%, 27.83% and 29.31%, respectively.  
Generally, fluctuations in the effective tax rate result from changes in the mix of taxable and tax exempt income. Salisbury s
effective tax rate is generally less than the 34% federal statutory rate due to holdings of tax-exempt municipal bonds, tax-exempt
loans and bank owned life insurance.   

  Salisbury
did not incur Connecticut income tax in 2016 (to date) or 2015, other than minimum state income tax, as a result of its utilization
of Connecticut tax legislation that permits banks to shelter certain mortgage income from the Connecticut corporation business
tax through the use of a special purpose entity called a Passive Investment Company ( PIC ). In accordance with this
legislation, in 2004 the Bank formed a PIC, SBT Mortgage Service Corporation. Salisbury's income tax provision reflects the full
impact of the Connecticut legislation. Salisbury does not expect to pay other than minimum state income tax in the foreseeable
future unless there is a change in the State of Connecticut corporate tax law.  

  For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

   Overview   

 Net income allocated available to
common stock was $5.1 million, or $1.88 per common share, for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 (nine month period
2016), compared with $6.2 million, or $2.26 per common share, for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 (nine month period
2015). 

Net
Interest Income    

  Tax
equivalent net interest income for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 decreased $648,000, or 2.6%, versus the nine
month period ended September 30, 2015. The net interest margin decreased 32 basis points to 3.69% from 4.01%.   

  The
following table sets forth the components of Salisbury's fully tax-equivalent ( FTE ) net interest and dividend income
and yields on average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.   

(a)      Includes non-accrual loans.     

(b)      Includes interest-bearing deposits
in other banks and federal funds sold.     

(c)      Average balances of securities are
based on historical cost.     

(e)    Net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.    

  The
following table sets forth the changes in FTE interest due to volume and rate.  

Interest Income  

 Interest income (FTE) on loans increased $418,000, or 1.7%, due to the $55.9 million (8.1%) increase in average
volume from $684.9 million for the first nine months of 2015 as compared to $740.8 million for the first nine months of 2016. The
favorable impact on interest income (FTE) due to the increase in the average loan growth was partially offset by the 29 basis point
(FTE) decrease in the loan yield from 4.67% for the nine months of 2015 to 4.40% for the first nine months of 2016. Interest income
(FTE) on securities decreased $553,000 due both to the $3.8 million (4.7%) decrease in average volume and the 76 basis point
reduction in average yield which decreased from 4.32% for the first nine months of 2015 to 3.56% for the nine months of 2016. The
decrease in the securities reflects the replacement of securities at lower rates than those securities which comprised the September
2015 investment portfolio. 

   Interest
Expense   

 Interest expense increased $607,000 or 27.0% from $2,250,000 for the first nine months of 2015 to $2,857,000
for the first nine months of 2016. Interest expense related to the subordinated debt issued in December 2015 was $468,000 for the
first nine months of 2016 as compared to no such expense in the first nine months of 2015. The issuance of this debt, along with
cash on hand, was used to fully redeem $16.0 million of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the participation
in the U. S. Treasury s SBLF program. Interest expense on interest bearing deposits increased $244,000 or 18.0% from $1,359,000
for the first nine months of 2015 to $1,603,000 for the first nine months of 2016. The interest expense increase on interest bearing
deposits was due to the 5 basis point increase in the average rate of these deposits from 0.32% to 0.37% resulting from the higher
interest rates paid on interest bearing deposits and the change in product mix. The average volume of interest bearing deposits
increased $16.2 million or 2.9% from $559.6 million for the first nine months of 2015 to $575.9 million for the first nine months
of 2016. Interest expense on FHLB borrowings decreased $118,000 or 14.2% as the cost of these funds decreased 94 basis points from
3.90% for the first nine months of 2015 to 2.96% for the first nine months of 2016. The decrease substantially reflects a third
quarter 2015 advance modification on $21.0 million of advances, in accordance with ASC 470-50, which extended maturities to a weighted
average 39 months and lowered the effective rate.The favorable impact on interest expense due to the lower rate on these borrowings
was partially offset by the $3.6 million or 12.8% increase in average volume. 

 The $23.0 million or 13.7% increase
in the average volume of non-interest bearing demand deposits and the $29.4 million or 5.0% increase in the average volume of
interest bearing liabilities for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 substantially provided
the funding for the $56.0 million or 8.2% increase in the average loan volume over this same period. 

   Provision
and Allowance for Loan Losses   

  The
provision for loan losses was $1,332,000 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and $651,000 for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2015. Included in the provision are impairments related to acquired loans accounted for under ASC 310-30 of
$534,000 and $217,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net loan charge-offs were $1,156,000
and $350,000 for the respective periods.   

  Reserve
coverage at September 30, 2016, as measured by the ratio of allowance for loan losses to gross loans, at 0.78%, compares with
0.82% a year ago at September 30, 2015. During the first nine months of 2016, non-performing loans (non-accrual loans and accruing
loans past-due 90 days or more) decreased $4.6 million to $11.7 million. Such amount represents 1.54% of gross loans receivable
and has declined from 2.31% at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, accruing loans past due 30-89 days increased $1.4 million
to $5.9 million or 0.78% of gross loans receivable from 0.64% at December 31, 2015. See  Financial Condition   Loan
Credit Quality  for further discussion and analysis.  

   Non-interest
income   

  The
following table details the principal categories of non-interest income.  

Non-interest
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $20,000 versus the same period in 2015.   

 Trust and wealth
advisory revenues increased $7,000 to $2.5 million for the nine months ending September 30, 2016 from $2.5 million for the
same nine month period in 2015. Revenue on managed assets for the first nine months of 2016 was $2.3 million, up $19,000,
versus $2.3 million through the first nine months of 2015. Non-managed assets generated revenue of $171,000 for the nine
months ending September 30, 2016, down $12,000, versus $183,000 the same nine month period in 2015. Ending balance
information for each period is included in the quarterly comments.    

  Service charges and fees increased $48,000,
primarily   due to increased transactional volume and also as a result of  higher interchange
and Master Card Enrollment related fees.  Income from sales and servicing of mortgage loans
increased $1,000. Mortgage loans sales totaled $6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $4.9 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included mortgage servicing amortization
of $182,000 and $282,000, respectively. Other income includes bank owned life insurance income and rental income.  

Non-interest
expense   

  The
following table details the principal categories of non-interest expense.  

Non-interest
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $398,000 versus the same period in 2015. Salaries and benefits
increased $497,000 primarily due to increased staffing levels, market and merit adjustments. Premises and equipment decreased
$137,000 mainly due to lower fuel, utilities, and building repair costs. Data processing increased $93,000 mainly due to expenses
related to a terminated contract and imaging set-up fees. Professional fees decreased $239,000 versus 2015 fees, which included
due diligence on core data processing providers and IT support. Collections, OREO and loan related expense decreased $174,000
due primarily to write-down of OREO in 2015 and no such expense in 2016. Salisbury had no foreclosed properties at September 30,
2015 and one at September 30, 2016. The FDIC insurance assessment decreased $20,000 due to a 2015 refund of an overpayment. Marketing
and community support increased $59,000 due primarily to an increase in general marketing campaigns. Amortization of intangible
assets decreased $39,000 reflecting the completion of the intangible asset amortization related to the acquired People s
Bank branch. Other expenses increased $316,000 mainly due to expenses related to loans serviced for others.  

   Income
taxes   

  The
effective income tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were 28.00% and 29.70%, respectively.
Fluctuations in the effective tax rate result from changes in the mix of taxable and tax exempt income. Salisbury s effective
tax rate is generally less than the 34% federal statutory rate due to holdings of tax-exempt municipal bonds, tax-exempt loans
and bank owned life insurance.  

  CAPITAL RESOURCES  

  Shareholders 
equity was $93.6 million at September 30, 2016, up $3.0 million from December 31, 2015. Book value and tangible book value per
common share were $33.92 and $28.69, respectively, compared with $33.13 and $27.69, respectively, at December 31, 2015. Contributing
to the increase in shareholders  equity for year-to-date 2016 was net income of $5.2 million and issued stock of $0.3 million,
partially offset by other common stock dividends of $2.3 million, and a decrease in other comprehensive income of $0.2 million.
Accumulated other comprehensive income consists of unrealized gains on securities available-for-sale, net of tax, of $0.9 million
as of September 30, 2016.  

  In
August 2011, Salisbury issued to the Treasury $16 million of its Series B Preferred Stock under the SBLF program. The SBLF program
is a $30 billion fund established under the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 to encourage lending to small businesses by providing
Tier 1 capital to qualified community banks with assets of less than $10 billion. The Preferred Stock qualified as Tier 1 capital
for regulatory purposes and ranked senior to the Common Stock.  

The
Series B Preferred Stock paid noncumulative dividends. The dividend rate on the Series B Preferred Stock for the initial quarterly
dividend period ended September 30, 2011, and each of the next nine quarterly dividend periods the Series B Preferred Stock was
outstanding, was determined each quarter based on the increase in the Bank s Qualified Small Business Lending. The dividend
rate for the quarterly dividend period ended December 31, 2015, was 1.0%. For the eleventh quarterly dividend period through four
and one-half years after its issuance, the dividend rate on the Series B Preferred Stock was 1.0% and after four and one-half years
from its issuance the dividend rate would have been fixed at 9.0% per annum. In December 2015, Salisbury issued $10 million of
subordinated debentures and used the proceeds along with other cash-on-hand to redeem all of the Series B Preferred Stock.   

On
February 16, 2016, 1,350 shares of stock options were exercised at $21.48 per share by one former Riverside Bank executive.  

  On
January 26, 2016, 2,700 shares of stock options were exercised at $21.48 per share by two former Riverside Bank executives.   

  On
September 28, 2015, 2,700 shares of stock options were exercised at $21.48 per share by one former Riverside Bank executive.  

  On
February 17, 2015 and February 25, 2015, 1,350 and 5,400 shares of stock options were exercised, respectively, at $18.52 per share
by two former Riverside Bank executives.   

 On January 29, 2016, Salisbury granted
a total of 15,800 shares of restricted stock pursuant to its 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, which was approved by shareholders
at the 2011 Annual Meeting, to 42 employees, including 6,000 shares to three Named Executive Officers. Richard J. Cantele, Jr.,
President and Chief Executive Officer received 5,000 and John Davies, President New York Region and Chief Lending Officer and Donald
E. White, Chief Financial Officer each received 500 shares. The fair value of the stock as of the grant date was determined to
be $466,000 and the stock will be vested three years from the grant date. On July 29, 2016, the Board of Directors approved the
accelerated vesting of 200 shares for a recently retired employee.   

  On
March 27, 2015, Salisbury granted a total of 1,000 shares of restricted stock, pursuant to its 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan,
to one (1) Named Executive Officer, Richard J. Cantele, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer. The fair value of the stock
as of the grant date was determined to be $29,000 and the stock vested immediately.  

  Capital Requirements  

 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional and discretionary actions by the regulators that, if undertaken, could
have a direct material effect on Salisbury s and the Bank's financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and
the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, Salisbury and the Bank must meet specific guidelines that involve quantitative
measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.
Salisbury and the Bank's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about
components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

 Salisbury and the Bank are subject
to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Salisbury and the Bank must meet specific
guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated
under regulatory accounting practices. 

 Under current regulatory definitions, Salisbury and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements
to which they are subject and the Bank is considered to be well-capitalized. As a result, the Bank pays lower federal deposit
insurance premiums than those banks that are not  well-capitalized . Requirements for classification as a well-capitalized
institution and for minimum capital adequacy along with Salisbury s and the Bank's regulatory capital ratios are as follows:  

  A
well-capitalized institution, which is the highest capital category for an institution as defined by the Prompt Corrective Action
regulations issued by the FDIC and the FRB, is one which maintains a Total Risk-Based ratio of 10% or above, a Tier 1 Risk-Based
ratio of 8% or above, a Common Equity to Tier 1 ratio of 6.5% or above, and a Leverage ratio of 5% or above, and is not subject
to any written order, written agreement, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific
capital level. Maintaining strong capital is essential to Salisbury and the Bank s safety and soundness. However, the effective
management of capital resources requires generating attractive returns on equity to build value for shareholders while maintaining
appropriate levels of capital to fund growth, meet regulatory requirements and be consistent with prudent industry practices.  

The
FRB and FDIC approved the final rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines for bank
holding companies and their bank subsidiaries. Under the final rules, minimum requirements will increase for both the quantity
and quality of capital held by the Bank and Company. The rules include a new common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets
minimum ratio of 4.5%, raise the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4.0% to 6.0%, require a minimum ratio
of Total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0%, and require a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0%. A new capital conservation
buffer, comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, is also established above the regulatory minimum capital requirements. This
capital conservation buffer was initially phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and increases each
subsequent year by an additional 0.625% until reaching its final level of 2.50% on January 1, 2019. Strict eligibility criteria
for regulatory capital instruments were also implemented under the final rules.   

  As
of September 30, 2016, the Company and the Bank met each of their capital requirements and the most recent notification from the
FDIC categorized the Bank as  well-capitalized.  There are no conditions or events since that notification that management
believes have changed the Bank s category.  

   Dividends   

  During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Salisbury paid $2,314,000 in common stock dividends.  

  On
October 28, 2016, the Board of Directors of Salisbury declared a common stock dividend of $0.28 per common share payable on November
25, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 11, 2016. Common stock dividends, when declared, will generally be paid the last
Friday of February, May, August and November, although Salisbury is not obligated to pay dividends on those dates or at any other
time.  

  Salisbury's
ability to pay cash dividends is dependent on the Bank's ability to pay cash dividends to Salisbury. There are certain restrictions
on the payment of cash dividends and other payments by the Bank to Salisbury. Under Connecticut law, the Bank cannot declare a
cash dividend except from net profits, defined as the remainder of all earnings from current operations. The total of all cash
dividends declared by the Bank in any calendar year shall not, unless specifically approved by the Banking Commissioner, exceed
the total of its net profits of that year combined with its retained net profits of the preceding two years.   

  FRB
Supervisory Letter SR 09-4, February 24, 2009, revised December 31, 2015, states that, as a general matter, the Board of Directors
of a Bank Holding Company ( BHC ) should inform the Federal Reserve and should eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce
dividends if (1) net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that
period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (2) the prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with capital
needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (3) the BHC will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its
minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Moreover, a BHC should inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of declaring
or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period (e.g., quarter) for which the dividend is being paid or that could result
in a material adverse change to the BHC capital position.  

  Salisbury
believes that the payment of common stock cash dividends is appropriate, provided that such payment considers Salisbury's capital
needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition and does not adversely affect the financial stability of Salisbury or the
Bank. The continued payment of common stock cash dividends by Salisbury will be dependent on Salisbury's future core earnings,
financial condition and capital needs, regulatory restrictions, and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors of
Salisbury.  

  IMPACT OF INFLATION AND CHANGING
PRICES  

  Salisbury s
consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto presented elsewhere in this Form 10-Q are prepared in conformity with
GAAP, which require the measurement of financial condition and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering
changes in the relative purchasing power of money, over time, due to inflation. Unlike some other types of companies, the financial
nature of Salisbury s consolidated financial statements is more clearly affected by changes in interest rates than by inflation.
Interest rates do not necessarily fluctuate in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services.
However, inflation does affect Salisbury to some extent because, as prices increase, the money supply grows and interest rates
are affected by inflationary expectations. There is no precise method, however, to measure the effects of inflation on Salisbury s
consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, any examination or analysis of the financial statements should take into consideration
the possible effects of inflation. Although not a material factor in recent years, inflation could impact earnings in future periods.  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

  This
Form 10-Q and future filings made by Salisbury with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as other filings, reports and
press releases made or issued by Salisbury and the Bank, and oral statements made by executive officers of Salisbury and the Bank,
may include forward-looking statements relating to such matters as:  

(a)    assumptions concerning future economic and business conditions
and their effect on the economy in general and on the markets in which Salisbury and the Bank do business; and    

(b)    expectations for revenues and earnings for Salisbury and the
Bank.    

Such
forward-looking statements are based on assumptions rather than historical or current facts and, therefore, are inherently uncertain
and subject to risk. For those statements, Salisbury claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  

  Salisbury
notes that a variety of factors could cause the actual results or experience to differ materially from the anticipated results
or other expectations described or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that may affect the
operation, performance, development and results of Salisbury s and the Bank s business include the following:  

(a)    the risk of adverse changes in business conditions in the
banking industry generally and in the specific markets in which the Bank operates;    

(b)    changes in the legislative and regulatory environment that
negatively impacts Salisbury and the Bank through increased operating expenses;    

(c)    increased competition from other financial and non-financial
institutions;    

(d)    the impact of technological advances and cybersecurity matters;    

(e)    interest rate fluctuations; and     

(f)    other risks detailed from time to time in Salisbury s
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.    

  Such
developments could have an adverse impact on Salisbury s and the Bank s financial position and results of operations.  

Item 3.  
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
    ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Salisbury
manages its exposure to interest rate risk through its Asset/Liability Management Committee ( ALCO ) using risk limits
and policy guidelines to manage assets and funding liabilities to produce financial results that are consistent with Salisbury s
liquidity, capital adequacy, growth, risk and profitability targets. Interest rate risk is the risk of a negative impact to future
earnings due to changes in interest rates.   

  The
ALCO manages interest rate risk using income simulation to measure interest rate risk inherent in Salisbury s financial instruments
at a given point in time by showing the effect of interest rate shifts on net interest income over a 24-month horizon. In management s
September 30, 2016 analysis, three of the simulations incorporate static growth assumptions over the simulation horizons, with
allowances made for loan, deposit and security product mix shifts in selected interest rate scenarios, such as movements between
lower rate savings and money market deposit accounts and higher rate time deposits, and changes in the reinvestment of loan and
securities cash flows. The fourth simulation incorporates management s balance sheet growth assumptions. Additionally, the
simulations take into account the specific re-pricing, maturity and prepayment characteristics of differing financial instruments
that may vary under different interest rate scenarios.   

  The
ALCO reviews the simulation results to determine whether Salisbury s exposure to change in net interest income remains within
established tolerance levels over the simulation horizons and to develop appropriate strategies to manage this exposure. Salisbury s
tolerance levels for changes in net interest income in its income simulations vary depending on the magnitude of interest rate
changes and level of risk-based capital. All changes are measured in comparison to the projected net interest income that would
result from an  unchanged  rate scenario where interest rates remain stable over the forecast horizon. The ALCO also
evaluates the directional trends of net interest income, net interest margin and other financial measures over the forecast horizon
for consistency with its liquidity, capital adequacy, growth, risk and profitability targets.  

ALCO uses four interest rate scenarios to evaluate interest risk exposure and may vary these interest rate
scenarios to show the effect of steepening or flattening changes in yield curves as well as parallel changes in interest rates.
At September 30, 2016, ALCO used the following interest rate scenarios: (1) unchanged interest rates; (2) immediately rising interest
rates   immediate parallel upward shift in market interest rates ranging from 300 basis points for short term rates to 300
basis points for the 10-year Treasury; (3) immediately falling interest rates   immediate non-parallel downward shift in
market interest rates ranging from 75 basis points for short term rates to 119 basis points for the 10-year Treasury; and (4) immediately
rising interest rates   immediate parallel upward shift in market interest rates ranging from 200 basis points for short
term rates to 200 basis points for the 10-year Treasury. Deposit rates are assumed to shift by lesser amounts due to their relative
historical insensitivity to market interest rate movements. Further, deposits are assumed to have certain minimum rate levels below
which they will not fall. Income simulations do not reflect adjustments in strategy that the ALCO could implement in response to
changes in general market conditions including rates. As of September 30, 2016, net interest income simulations indicated that
the Bank s exposure to changing interest rates over the simulation horizons remained within its tolerance levels. 

  The
following table sets forth the estimated change in net interest income from an unchanged interest rate scenario over the periods
indicated for changes in market interest rates using the Bank s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016:   

The
negative exposure of net interest income to immediately and gradually rising rates as compared to the unchanged rate scenario
results from a faster projected rise in the cost of funds versus income from earning assets, as relatively rate-sensitive money
market and time deposits re-price faster than longer duration earning assets. The negative exposure of net interest income to
immediately falling rates as compared to an unchanged rate scenario results from a greater decline in earning asset yields compared
to rates paid on funding liabilities, as a result of faster prepayments on existing assets and lower reinvestment rates on future
loans originated and securities purchased.   

  While
the ALCO reviews simulation assumptions and back-tests simulation results to ensure that they are reasonable and current, income
simulation may not always prove to be an accurate indicator of interest rate risk or future net interest margin. Over time, the
re-pricing, maturity and prepayment characteristics of financial instruments and the composition of Salisbury s balance
sheet may change to a different degree than estimated. Simulation modeling assumes Salisbury s expectation for future balance
sheet growth, which is a function of the business environment and customer behavior. Another significant simulation assumption
is the sensitivity of core savings deposits to fluctuations in interest rates. Income simulation results assume that changes in
both core savings deposit rates and balances are related to changes in short-term interest rates. The assumed relationship between
short-term interest rate changes and core deposit rate and balance changes used in income simulation may differ from the ALCO s
estimates. Lastly, mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans involve a level of risk that unforeseen changes in prepayment
speeds may cause related cash flows to vary significantly in differing rate environments. Such changes could affect the level
of reinvestment risk associated with cash flow from these instruments, as well as their market value. Changes in prepayment speeds
could also increase or decrease the amortization of premium or accretion of discounts related to such instruments, thereby affecting
interest income.  

 Salisbury also monitors the potential
change in market value of its available-for-sale debt securities in changing interest rate environments. The purpose is to determine
market value exposure that may not be captured by income simulation, but which might result in changes to Salisbury s capital
and liquidity position. Results are calculated using industry-standard analytical techniques and securities data. Available-for-sale
equity securities are excluded from this analysis because the market value of such securities cannot be directly correlated with
changes in interest rates. 

 The following table summarizes the potential change in market value of available-for-sale debt securities
resulting from immediate parallel rate shifts: 

Item 4.  
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
 
   Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

  Salisbury s
  management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has
evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of Salisbury s disclosure controls and procedures as of September
30, 2016. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls
and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2016.  

  Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed
in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   

   Changes
in Internal Controls   

  In
addition, based on an evaluation of its internal controls over financial reporting, no change in Salisbury s internal control
over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, Salisbury  s internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II.   
       OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

The
Bank is involved in various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, which management currently
believes are not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the business, financial condition or operating results of Salisbury
or any of its subsidiaries.   

  There are no material
pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to Salisbury s business, to which Salisbury
is a party or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is subject.  

Item 1A.  
      RISK FACTORS   

Not applicable   

Item 2.  
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

None   

Item 3.  
      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None   

Item 4.  
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not Applicable   

Item 5.  
      OTHER INFORMATION   

None   

Item
    6.  
       EXHIBITS    

3.1.1  Amendment to Article Third of Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s
Form 8-K filed March 11, 2009).   

3.1.2  Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s
Form 8-K filed March 19, 2009).   

3.1.3  Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation for the Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Registrant s
Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2011).   

3.1.4  Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s
Form 8-K filed October 30, 2014).   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

SALISBURY BANCORP, INC.   

November 14, 2016  
      By:    
       /s/ Richard J. Cantele, Jr.   

Richard J. Cantele, Jr.,   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

November 14, 2016  
      By:    
       /s/ Donald E. White   

Donald E. White,   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sal1110form10qexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

SALISBURY
BANCORP, INC.  

  Form 10-Q  

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  

I, Richard J. Cantele, Jr., certify
that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.     Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
                                         disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
                                         and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
                                         and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)    designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)    designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;    

d)    disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                                         and the audit committee of registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the
                                         equivalent function):    

a)    all
                                         significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

b)    any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.    

November 14, 2016  
      By:    
       /s/ Richard J. Cantele, Jr.   

Richard J. Cantele, Jr.,   

President and Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sal1110form10qexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

SALISBURY BANCORP, INC.  

  Form 10-Q  

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  

I, Donald E. White,
certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc.;    

2.     Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
                                         disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
                                         and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
                                         and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)    designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;    

d)    disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                                         and the audit committee of registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the
                                         equivalent function):    

a)    all
                                         significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

b)    any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

November 14, 2016  
      By:    
       /s/ Donald E. White    

Donald E. White,   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 sal1110form10qexh32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

SALISBURY BANCORP, INC. 

 Form 10-Q 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard J. Cantele, Jr., President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and I, Donald E. White, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)  
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.  

November 14, 2016  
      By:    
       /s/ Richard J. Cantele, Jr.   
      By:    
       /s/ Donald E. White    

Richard J. Cantele, Jr.,  
         
      Donald  E. White,   

President and Chief Executive Officer  
         
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
    Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 sal-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sal-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sal-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sal-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sal-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sal-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

