<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161011_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1652101_0001615774-16-007592_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>178962</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70449</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>89000</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-007592.hdr.sgml : 20161011
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161011160545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-007592
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161011
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161011

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Andina Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001652101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37628
		FILM NUMBER:		161931175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET, SUITE 2223
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-565-3861

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET, SUITE 2223
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-007592.txt : 20161011

10-Q/A
 1
 s104322_10qa.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q/A  

(MARK ONE) 

x      QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended May 31,
2016  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from                    to   

  Commission file number:  001-37628   

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter) 

Cayman Islands 
       
     6770 
       
      47-5245051   

(State or Other Jurisdiction 
         of Incorporation or Organization)  

(Primary Standard Industrial 
         Classification Code Number)  

(IRS Employer 
         Identification No.)   

250 West 57th St  

  Suite 2223  

  New York, NY 10107  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(646) 565-3861  

 (Issuer s telephone number) 

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and  (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.   Yes   x   No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  
x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one). 

Large accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer   
         
     Smaller reporting company 
      x   
 
     (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes  x 
 No       

As of July 15, 2016, 5,310,000 Ordinary
Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding.  

EXPLANATORY NOTE  

Andina Acquisition Corp. II (the  Company  or  we )
is filing this Amendment No. 1 (the  Amendment ) to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
May 31, 2016, filed on July 15, 2016 (the  Original Filing ) to correct the  Period of Report  in the SEC
Filing Detail page.  The  Period of Report  in the SEC Filing Detail page accompanying the Original Filing mistakenly
indicated that it was for a March 31, 2016 period but should have referenced a May 31, 2016 period.  The SEC Filing Detail
page accompanying this Amendment has the corrected  Period of Report.  

No other changes have been made to the Original Filing.  This
Amendment speaks as of the date of the Original Filing, does not reflect events that may have occurred after the date of the Original
Filing and does not modify or update in any way the disclosures made in the Original Filing, except as required to reflect the
revision discussed above. 

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED MAY 31,
2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

Part I. 
       Financial Information   
       
     3  

Item 1. Financial Statements   
       
     3  

Condensed Balance Sheets   
       
     3  

Condensed Statement of Operations   
       
     4  

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows   
       
     5  

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   
       
     6  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
     13  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk   
       
     15  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
       
     15  
 
     Part II. 
       Other Information   
       
     16  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
     16  

Item 6. Exhibits   
       
     16  
 
       Signatures   
       
     17  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  Condensed Balance Sheets  

(1) This number includes an aggregate of up to 150,000 ordinary
shares repurchased in December 2015 upon receiving notice of not exercising the over-allotment option by the underwriters.  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed financial statements.  

ANDINA ACQUISITION
CORP. II  

  Condensed Statements of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

(1) This number excludes an aggregate of up to 3,546,161
shares subject to possible conversion  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed financial statements.  

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  Condensed Statement of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed financial statements.  

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  May 31, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1 - Organization, Plan of Business Operations  

Andina Acquisition
Corp. II (the  Company ) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 1, 2015 as a blank check company for the purpose
of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities (a  Business Combination ). The Company s efforts to identify
a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although the Company is currently
focusing on target businesses in the Andean region of South America and in Central America. 

All activity through
May 31, 2016 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering described below and the search for a Business
Combination candidate. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of
the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

The registration
statement for the Company s initial public offering ( Initial Public Offering ) was declared effective on
November 24, 2015. The Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 4,000,000 units ( Units ) at $10.00 per
unit on December 1, 2015, generating gross proceeds of approximately $40.0 million. Offering costs were approximately $1.8
million, inclusive of $454,000 of deferred offering costs incurred prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering (Note
4). 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement ( Private Placement ) of
310,000 Units ( Private Placement Units ) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, of which 265,000 Private
Placement Units were sold to certain shareholders of the Company and their affiliates and designees, and 45,000 Private Placement
Units were sold to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. ( EBC ), the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering,
generating gross proceeds of $3.1 million (Note 5). 

The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
Private Placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business
Combination. 

An aggregate amount
of $40.6 million ($10.15 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private
Placement Units in the Private Placement was placed in a United States-based trust account ( Trust Account ) at UBS
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, acting as trustee, and is invested in U.S. government treasury
bills, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the Company s failure to consummate a
Business Combination by June 1, 2017 (or September 1, 2017 if the Company has entered into a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding
or definitive agreement with a target business for a Business Combination by June 1, 2017 and a Business Combination has not yet
been consummated by such date). One of the Company s Directors has agreed that he will be liable under certain circumstances
to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or vendors or other entities
that are owed money by the Company for services rendered, contracted for or products sold to the Company. However, such Director
may not be able to satisfy those obligations should they arise. 

The remaining net
proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions
and continuing general and administrative expenses. In addition, (i) interest income earned on the funds in the Trust Account may
be released to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations and (ii) any remaining interest earned on the funds in the
Trust Account may be released to the Company for its working capital requirements. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by
the Company may be paid prior to a Business Combination only from the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering not held in the
Trust Account; provided, however, that in order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering, the Company s shareholders prior to the Initial Public Offering (the  Initial Shareholders ), officers
and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever
amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either
be paid upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion,
up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company s Business Combination into additional Private
Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per unit. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the loans would not be
repaid. 

Pursuant to the Nasdaq
Capital Markets listing rules, the Company s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose
collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive
agreement for such Business Combination, although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses. The fair
market value of the target will be determined by the Company s board of directors based upon one or more standards generally
accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The target business
or businesses that the Company acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially in excess of 80% of the Trust Account
balance. In order to consummate such a Business Combination, the Company may issue a significant amount of its debt or equity securities
to the sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. 

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  May 31, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

In connection with
any proposed initial Business Combination, the Company will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which holders of the outstanding ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering ( Public
Shareholders ) may seek to convert such shares ( Public Shares ), regardless of whether they vote for or against
the proposed Business Combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net
of taxes payable) or (2) provide Public Shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of
a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable). If the Company determines to engage in a tender offer, such
tender offer will be structured so that each Public Shareholder may tender any or all of his, her or its Public Shares rather than
some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, the Company will file tender offer documents with the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the
initial Business Combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to it in a tender offer
will be made by the Company based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require it to seek shareholder approval. The Company will consummate an initial Business Combination only if it
has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, solely if it seeks shareholder
approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

The Initial Shareholders
have agreed (i) to vote any shares they hold (including the shares included in the Private Placement Units ( private shares ))
in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (ii) not to convert any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve,
or sell their shares to the Company in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed initial Business Combination; provided that
certain of the Initial Shareholders will be permitted to convert, or sell any Public Shares they may purchase after the Initial
Public Offering to the Company, in connection with a proposed Business Combination. The Representative has also agreed to vote
its private shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as
a  group  (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act )
will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to 20% or more of the ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public
Offering without the prior consent of the Company. Accordingly, all shares in excess of 20% of the shares sold in the Initial Public
Offering held by a holder will not be converted to cash. 

The Company s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that the Company will continue in existence only until June
1, 2017 (or September 1, 2017 if the Company has entered into a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or definitive agreement
with a target business for a Business Combination by June 1, 2017 and a Business Combination has not yet been consummated by such
date). If the Company has not completed a Business Combination by such date, it will trigger the automatic liquidation of the Trust
Account and the voluntary liquidation of the Company. In such event, holders of Public Shares will share ratably in the Trust
Account, including any interest not previously released to the Company, and any net assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of liabilities. The Representative and the holders of the insider shares (as defined in Note 5), private
shares, and private rights will not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to their insider shares, private shares
or private rights. 

Note 2 -  Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP )
for interim financial information and pursuant to rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting
of normal accruals) considered for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and six months ended
May 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending November 30, 2016. For further
information refer to the financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 8-K,
filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on December 3, 2015 and the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended November 30, 2015, filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2016. 

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  May 31, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Liquidity  

As of May 31,
2016, the Company had a cash balance of approximately $141,000. Through May 31, 2016, the Company s liquidity needs
were satisfied through receipt of approximately $686,000 from the sale of the Units held outside of the Trust Account upon
closing of the Initial Public Offering, $25,000 from the sale of the insider shares (as described in Note 6), and advances
from a director in an aggregate amount of $139,000, which was repaid on December 1, 2015 from the proceeds received upon
closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

The Company intends
to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to
acquire a target business or businesses and to pay for expenses relating thereto, upon consummation of the initial Business Combination.
To the extent that the Company s capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect the initial Business
Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including
continuing or expanding the target business  operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development
of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders  fees which the Company
had incurred prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination if the funds available to the Company outside of the Trust
Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

If needed to finance
transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial Business Combination,
the Initial Shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may
be required. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the Company s
initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted
upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination into additional Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00
per Unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 57,142 Ordinary Shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted
as the rights included in the Units would result in an additional 7,142 shares being issued, as well as 50,000 Warrants to purchase
25,000 Ordinary Shares). 

Based on the foregoing,
management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet the Company's needs through
the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination or June 1, 2017 (or September 1, 2017 if the Company has entered into a letter
of intent, memorandum of understanding or definitive agreement with a target business for a Business Combination by June 1, 2017
and a Business Combination has not yet been consummated by such date). The Company anticipates that its uses of cash for the next
twelve months will be approximately $95,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and
other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a Business Combination. 

Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies  

Cash and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account   

The amounts held in
the Trust Account represent substantially all of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and are classified as restricted assets
since such amounts can only be used by the Company in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination. As of May 31,
2016, cash and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account consisted of approximately $40.7 million in United States Treasury Bills
and approximately $900 in cash. At May 31, 2016, there was approximately $102,000 of interest income held in the Trust Account
available to be released to the Company. 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Conversion   

The Company
accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) Topic 480   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity .  Ordinary shares
subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the
control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s
control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders 
equity. The Company s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the
Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Ordinary Shares Subject to
Possible Conversion at the conversion value are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

ANDINA
                                         ACQUISITION CORP. II   

   Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements   

   May
31, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

Offering Costs   

Offering costs consist
principally of legal, accounting and underwriting costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the
Initial Public Offering. Offering costs amounting to approximately $1.8 million (including $1.3 million in underwriters 
fees) were charged to shareholder s equity upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

Net Loss per Share   

Loss per share is
computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of Ordinary Shares outstanding during the period. An aggregate of
3,546,161 Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at May 31, 2016, have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss
per ordinary share since such Ordinary Shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust earnings. The
Company has not considered the effect of (i) warrants sold in the Public Offering and Private Placement to purchase 2,155,000 Ordinary
Shares of the Company, (ii) rights to acquire 615,713 Ordinary Shares of the Company and (iii) 400,000 Ordinary Shares, warrants
to purchase 200,000 Ordinary Shares and rights to acquire 57,142 Ordinary Shares included in the unit purchase option sold to the
underwriter, in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the unit purchase option and warrants as well
as the conversion of rights is contingent on the occurrence of future events. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect
on the accompanying financial statements. 

Note 4 - Initial Public Offering  

On December 1, 2015,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 4,000,000 Units. The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per
Unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $38.7 million during the six months ended May 31, 2016, net of offering costs of
approximately $1.8 million, inclusive of $454,000 of deferred offering costs
incurred prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

Each Unit consists
of one ordinary share in the Company, one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of a share upon consummation of an initial Business
Combination and one redeemable warrant ( Warrant ) to purchase one half of one ordinary share for $11.50 per full share.
No fractional shares will be issued. In the event the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of an initial Business
Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the 1/7
of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. There is no length of time within which an investor
must affirmatively elect to convert the rights. However, until a holder affirmatively elects to convert his, her or its rights,
the right certificates held by such holder will not represent the ordinary shares they are convertible for but instead will simply
represent the right to receive such ordinary shares. 

Each Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per full ordinary share commencing on the later of the
Company s completion of its initial Business Combination or November 24, 2016, and expiring five years from the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, investors must
exercise Warrants in multiples of two Warrants, at a price of $11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment, to validly exercise
the Warrants. The Company may redeem the Warrants at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon 30 days  notice, only in the event
that the last sale price of the ordinary shares is at least $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
( 30-Day Trading Period ) ending on the third day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given, provided
there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such Warrants commencing five
business days prior to the 30-Day Trading Period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. If the Company
redeems the Warrants as described above, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise Warrants
to do so on a  cashless basis.  In accordance with the warrant agreement relating to the Warrants sold and issued in
the Initial Public Offering the Company is only required to use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration
statement covering the Warrants. If a registration statement is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of a Business
Combination, Warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the
Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In the event that a registration statement is not effective at
the time of exercise or no exemption is available for a cashless exercise, the holder of such Warrant shall not be entitled to
exercise such Warrant for cash and in no event (whether in the case of a registration statement being effective or otherwise) will
the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrant exercise. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the Rights. 

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  May 31, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

If the Company is
unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company redeems the Public Shares for
the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights and warrants will not receive any of such funds for their rights and warrants
and the rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

Note 5 - Private Placement  

Simultaneously with
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 310,000 Private Placement Units,
at $10.00 per Private Placement Unit for a total purchase price of $3.1 million. Of the Private Placement Units, 265,000 were purchased
by Initial Shareholders and their affiliates and designees and 45,000 were purchased by EBC. The Private Placement Units are identical
to the units sold in the Initial Public Offering except the warrants included in the Private Placement Units are non-redeemable
and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees. Additionally, because the warrants included in the Private Placement Units were issued in a private transaction, the
holders and their transferees will be allowed to exercise such warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares. Furthermore,
the purchasers have agreed (A) to vote the private shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or
vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company s proposed amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be
effected prior to the completion of this offering with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation
of such a Business Combination unless the Company provides dissenting Public Shareholders with the opportunity to convert their
Public Shares in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any private shares for cash from the Trust Account in connection
with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial Business Combination (or to sell such shares to the Company in any tender
offer the Company may engage in) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association relating to shareholders  rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (D) that the private shares shall
not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. The purchasers have
also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees)
until the completion of an initial Business Combination. 

Note 6 - Related Party Transactions  

Initial Shares   

In July 2015, the
Company issued 1,150,000 ordinary shares (the  insider shares ) to the Initial Shareholders for an aggregate purchase
price of $25,000. The insider shares held by the Initial Shareholders included an aggregate of 150,000 shares repurchased for an
aggregate purchase price of $0.01 and cancelled by the Company in December 2015 upon receiving notice that the underwriters 
over-allotment option was not exercised in full. 

The insider shares
are identical to the ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. However, the initial shareholders
have agreed (subject to certain exceptions) (A) to vote their insider shares (as well as any public shares acquired in or after
this offering) in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation
of such a Business Combination unless the Company provides dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their
public shares into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any insider
shares (as well as any other shares acquired in or after the Initial Public Offering) into the right to receive cash from the Trust
Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial Business Combination (or sell any shares they hold
to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions
of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders  rights or pre-Business Combination
activity and (D) that the insider shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination
is not consummated. Additionally, the Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the insider shares
(except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares, the earlier of one year after the
date of the consummation of initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of ordinary shares equals or exceeds
$12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing after initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the
insider shares, one year after the date of the consummation of initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent
to initial business combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which
results in all of shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   

  May 31, 2016   

  (Unaudited)   

Related Party Transactions   

Prior to the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, a director has advanced an aggregate of approximately $139,000 to cover expenses related to the
Company s formation and the Initial Public Offering. The Company repaid this amount on December 1, 2015 from the proceeds received
upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

The Company maintains
the principal executive offices at office space provided to us at no cost by a third party affiliated with one of the Company s
directors. 

The Company is also
permitted to pay consulting fees to its officers, directors, shareholders or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating
our initial business combination in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $500,000. 

Note 7 - Commitments and Contingencies  

Underwriting Agreement  

On November 24, 2015,
the Company entered into an agreement with EBC ( Underwriting Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company paid an underwriting
discount of $1.3 million as an underwriting discount.  The Company has further engaged EBC to assist the Company with its
initial Business Combination. Pursuant to this arrangement, the Company anticipates that EBC will assist the Company in holding
meetings with shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business  attributes, introduce the
Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities, assist the Company in obtaining
shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection
with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EBC a cash fee of 4% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering for
such services upon the consummation of its initial Business Combination (exclusive of any applicable finders  fees which
might become payable); provided that up to 25% of the fee may be allocated at the Company s sole discretion to one or more
advisors that assist the Company in identifying and consummating an initial Business Combination. The Company will also reimburse
EBC for up to $20,000 of its reasonable costs and expenses incurred by it (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel)
in connection with the performance of its services pursuant to the agreement; provided, however, all expenses in excess of $5,000
in the aggregate shall be subject to prior written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld. 

Unit Purchase Option  

The Company sold to
EBC and its designees for $100, unit purchase options to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 units (collectively, the  Unit
Purchase Option ). The Unit Purchase Option is exercisable at $10.00 per unit, commencing on the later of the consummation
of a Business Combination and November 24, 2016. The Unit Purchase Option expires on November 24, 2020. Since the option is not
exercisable until the consummation of a Business Combination at the earliest, and the rights will result in the issuance of shares
upon consummation of a Business Combination, the option will effectively represent the right to purchase an aggregate 457,142 ordinary
shares (which includes the 57,142 ordinary shares issuable for the rights included in the units, as well as 400,000 warrants to
purchase 200,000 ordinary shares for $11.50 per share). The Unit Purchase Option grants to the holders demand and  piggy
back  registration rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from November 24, 2015 with respect to the securities
directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering
the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. 

The Company accounted
for the fair value of the Unit Purchase Option, inclusive of the receipt of a $100 cash payment, as an expense of the Initial Public
Offering resulting in a charge directly to shareholders  equity. The Company estimated that the fair value of the Unit Purchase
Option is approximately $2 million (or $5.01 per unit) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the Unit
Purchase Option is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 57.71%, (2) risk-free
interest rate of 1.52%, and (3) expected life of five years. The Unit Purchase Option may be exercised for cash or on a  cashless 
basis, at the holder s option, such that the holder may use the appreciated value of the Unit Purchase Option (the difference
between the exercise prices of the Unit Purchase Option and the market price of the Units and underlying ordinary shares) to exercise
the Unit Purchase Option without the payment of any cash. The Company will have no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of
the Unit Purchase Option or underlying rights and warrants. 

Advisory Agreements  

On October 8, 2015,
the Company engaged B. Riley   Co. LLC ( B. Riley ) to provide certain advisory services in connection with the
Company s initial Business Combination in exchange for $250,000 in service fees, which were paid in December 2015. 

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   

  May 31, 2016   

  (Unaudited)   

The Company has also
signed agreements with individuals in the business community of their respective countries (the  Originators ) to supplement
the efforts of the management team on its search of targets for a potential Business Combination.  The agreements with the
Originators are for a period of three to six months.  In exchange for the services, the Company agreed to pay the Originators
a finder s fee of 0.75% of the transaction value, payable upon the completion of a Business Combination. The aggregated amount
of the finders  fee for the Financial Advisor and the Originators should be below 2.8% of the amount invested by the Company
in the target company. 

Registration Rights  

The Initial Shareholders
and purchasers of the private Placement Units are entitled to registration rights with respect to their securities, pursuant to
an agreement dated as of November 24, 2015. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration
rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The
holders of a majority of the Private Placement Units (or underlying securities) issued in payment of working capital loans made
to the Company can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination.
In addition, the holders have certain  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

Note 8 - Shareholder Equity  

Preferred Shares   

The Company is authorized
to issue 1,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may
be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. 

As of May 31, 2016,
there are no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Ordinary Shares   

The Company is authorized
to issue 100,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. 

In July 2015, the
Company issued 1,150,000 insider shares to the Initial Shareholders for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. The insider shares
held by the Initial Shareholders included an aggregate of 150,000 shares repurchased for an aggregate purchase price of $0.01 and
cancelled by the Company in December 2015 upon receiving notice that the underwriters  over-allotment option was not exercised. 

As of May 31, 2016,
after the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, the Company has an aggregate of 5,310,000 ordinary
shares outstanding, inclusive of 3,546,161 ordinary shares subject to possible conversion classified as temporary equity in the
accompanying Balance Sheet. 

Note 9 - Subsequent Events  

The Company evaluates
subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements are filed
for potential recognition or disclosure. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would
have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis.  

References in this
report to  we,   us  or the  Company  refer to Andina Acquisition Corp II. References to our
 management  or our  management team  refers to our officers and directors. The following discussion and
analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may, 
 should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   continue,  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions.
Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings.  References to  we ,  us ,  our 
or the  Company  are to Andina Acquisition Corp II., except where the context requires otherwise.  The following
discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in
this report. 

Overview  

We are a blank check
company in the development stage, formed on July 1, 2015 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities
(a  Business Combination ). The Company s efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to
a particular industry or geographic region, although the Company is currently focusing on target businesses in the Andean region
of South America and in Central America. 

We consummated our
initial public offering ( Initial Public Offering ) of 4,000,000 units ( Units ) at $10.00 per unit on
December 1, 2015, generating gross proceeds of $40 million during the six months ended May 31, 2016. Offering costs associated
with the Initial Public Offering was of approximately $1.8 million, inclusive of $1.3 million of underwriting fees and an approximately
$454,000 of deferred offering costs incurred prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement ( Private Placement ) of 310,000 Units
( Private Placement Units ) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, of which 265,000 Private Placement Units
were sold to certain shareholders and their affiliates and designees, and 45,000 Private Placement Units were sold to EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. ( EBC ), the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering, generating gross proceeds of $3.1
million. 

An aggregate amount
of $40.6 million ($10.15 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private
Placement Units was placed in a United States-based trust account ( Trust Account ) at UBS maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer   Trust Company, acting as trustee, and is invested in U.S. government treasury bills, until the earlier
of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the Company s failure to consummate a Business Combination by
June 1, 2017 (or September 1, 2017 if we have entered into a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or definitive agreement
with a target business for a Business Combination by June 1, 2017 and a Business Combination has not yet been consummated by such
date). One of our Directors has agreed that he will be liable under certain circumstances to ensure that the proceeds in the
Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services
rendered, contracted for or products sold to the Company. However, such Director may not be able to satisfy those obligations should
they arise. 

Our management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the offering and the Private Placement, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a Business Combination successfully. 

Critical Accounting Policy  

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Conversion  

We account for our
ordinary shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 480   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity .  Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any)
are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary
shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary
shares are classified as shareholders  equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at May 31, 2016, 3,546,161 ordinary
shares subject to possible conversion at the conversion amount of approximately $36.1 million are presented as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders  equity section of our balance sheet.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on
our financial statements. 

Results of Operations  

We have neither engaged
in any business operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our entire activity from inception up to the closing of our Initial
Public Offering on December 1, 2015 was in preparation for that event. Subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, our activity
has been limited to the evaluation of Business Combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until
the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. We have, and expect to continue to generate small amounts of non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. Interest income is not expected to be significant in view of
current low interest rates on risk-free investments (treasury securities). We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of
being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months
ended May 31, 2016, we had net losses of approximately $90,000, which consisted of operating expenses of approximately $124,000
offset by interest income from our Trust Account of approximately $34,000. 

For the six months
ended May 31, 2016, we had net losses of approximately $212,000, which consisted of operating expenses of approximately $314,000
offset by interest income from our Trust Account of approximately $102,000. 

Our operating expenses
principally consisted of expenses related to our public filings and listing and identification and due diligence related to a potential
target business, and to general operating expenses including printing, insurance and office expenses. Until we consummate a Business
Combination, we will have no operating revenues. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of May 31, 2016,
we had a cash balance of approximately $141,000. 

Through May
31, 2016, our liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of approximately $686,000 from the sale of the Units held
outside of the Trust Account upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, $25,000 from the sale of the insider shares, and
advances from B. Luke Weil in an aggregate amount of $139,000, which we repaid on December 1, 2015 from the proceeds received
upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

We presently have
no revenue; our net losses were approximately $212,000 for the six months ended May 31, 2016, and consist primarily of professional
fees related to public company compliance and costs related to our search for a business combination. For the six months ended
May 31, 2016, interest income on cash and marketable securities held in trust was approximately $102,000.  

We intend to use substantially
all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business
or businesses and to pay for expenses relating thereto, upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. To the extent that
our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect the initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target
business  operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products.
Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders  fees which we had incurred prior to the completion
of the initial Business Combination if the funds available to the Company outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover
such expenses. 

If needed to finance
transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial business combination,
our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans
would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without
interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business
combination into additional Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit (which, for example, would result in the holders
being issued 57,142 Ordinary Shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted as the rights included in the Units would result in
an additional 7,142 shares being issued, as well as 50,000 Warrants to purchase 25,000 Ordinary Shares).  

Based on the foregoing,
we believe that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the earlier of consummation
of a Business Combination or June 1, 2017 (or September 1, 2017 if we have entered into a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding
or definitive agreement with a target business for a Business Combination by June 1, 2017 and a Business Combination has not yet
been consummated by such date). We anticipate that our uses of cash for the next twelve months will be approximately $95,000 of
expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the due
diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a Business Combination. 

Related Party Transactions  

Prior to the closing
of our Initial Public Offering, B. Luke Weil advanced to us an aggregate of approximately $139,000 to cover expenses related to
our formation and the Initial Public Offering, which we already paid on December 1, 2015 from the proceeds received upon closing
of the Initial Public Offering. 

We maintain our principal
executive offices at office space provided to us at no cost by a third party affiliated with B. Luke Weil, one of our directors. 

We are also permitted
to pay consulting fees to our officers, directors, shareholders or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial
business combination in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $500,000. 

If financing is needed
to finance transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial business combination,
our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans
would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without
interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business
combination into additional private placement units at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders
being issued 57,142 ordinary shares if $500,000 of notes were so converted as the rights included in the units would result in
an additional 7,142 shares being issued, as well as 50,000 warrants to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares). We believe the purchase
price of these units will approximate the fair value of such units when issued. However, if it is determined, at the time of issuance,
that the fair value of such units exceeds the purchase price, we would record compensation expense for the excess of the fair value
of the units on the day of issuance over the purchase price in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
718 - Compensation - Stock Compensation. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements as of May 31, 2016. 

JOBS Act  

On April 5, 2012,
the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements
for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an  emerging growth company  and under the JOBS Act will be allowed
to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised
accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As
such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

As of May 31, 2016,
we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of the our initial public offering, the net
proceeds of our initial public offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, may be invested in U.S. government treasury bills,
notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries. Due to
the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal
quarter ended May 31, 2016, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by
this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There was no change
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2016 covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER
INFORMATION  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities  

None 

Item 6.  Exhibits.  

Exhibit No. 
       
     Description  
 
     31.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     31.2 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     32.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document.*  
 
     101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.*  
 
     101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.*  
 
     101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.*  
 
     101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.*  
 
     101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.*  
 
     * Previously Filed 

SIGNATURE  

In accordance with
the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

ANDINA ACQUISITION CORP. II  

By: 
     /s/ Julio A. Torres  

Julio A. Torres  

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal executive officer)   

By: 
     /s/ Mauricio Orellana  

Mauricio Orellana  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal financial and accounting officer)   

Date:  October 11, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104322_ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED  

I, Julio A. Torres, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Andina Acquisition Corp. II; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)             Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)             Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)             Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)             Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.        
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)             All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)             Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  October 11, 2016 

/s/ Julio A. Torres    

Name: 
     Julio A. Torres    

Title: 
     
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal executive officer)     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104322_ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit
31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED  

I, Mauricio Orellana, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Andina Acquisition Corp. II; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)             Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)             Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)             Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)             Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)             All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)             Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 11, 2016 

/s/ Mauricio Orellana    

Name:  
     Mauricio Orellana    

Title:  
     
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal financial and accounting officer)     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104322_ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

ERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Andina Acquisition Corp. II (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended May 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated
below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1.             The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.             The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company. 

Dated: October 11, 2016 

/s/ Julio A. Torres  

Name: 
     Julio A. Torres  

Title: 
     
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal executive officer)   

/s/ Mauricio Orellana  

Name: 
     Mauricio Orellana  

Title: 
     
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal financial and accounting officer)   

</EX-32.1>

