<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1117480_0001117480-16-000056_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4373148</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309169</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>226250</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1529257</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1599586</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>615576</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001117480-16-000056.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107081843
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001117480-16-000056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHIMERIX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117480
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				330903395
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35867
		FILM NUMBER:		161976628

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2505 MERIDIAN PARKWAY, SUITE 100
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27713
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919.806.1074

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2505 MERIDIAN PARKWAY, SUITE 100
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27713

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001117480-16-000056.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 a20160930cmrx10-qdocument.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from                  to                 
    
  Commission file number: 001-35867 
    
  CHIMERIX, INC. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

(919) 806-1074 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes         No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
    
                   Large accelerated filer    x 
      
    Accelerated filer    o 

Non-accelerated filer    o 
      
    Smaller reporting company    o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o    No     
    
  As of   October 31, 2016  , the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, was   46,315,425  . 

CHIMERIX, INC. 
    
  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
    
  INDEX 

Page 
       Part I   Financial Information  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
    3 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (unaudited)  
    3 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    4 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    5 
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    6 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    17 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    26 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    26 
       Part II   Other Information  
      
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    27 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    27 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    53 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    53 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    53 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    53 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    54 
       Signatures  
    55 

2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    
  ITEM 1.    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CHIMERIX, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
  (unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

3 

CHIMERIX, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

4 

CHIMERIX, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

5 

CHIMERIX, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (unaudited) 

Note 1. The Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Description of Business 
    
  Chimerix, Inc. (the Company) is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing novel antivirals to address areas of high unmet medical needs. The Company was founded in 2000 based on the promise of its proprietary lipid conjugate technology to unlock the potential of some of the most broad-spectrum antivirals by enhancing their antiviral activity and safety profiles in convenient dosing regimens. Based on the Company s proprietary lipid conjugate technology, its lead compound, brincidofovir, is in clinical development for the treatment and prevention of adenovirus (AdV), cytomegalovirus (CMV) and smallpox. In addition, the Company has an active discovery program focusing on viral targets for which limited or no therapies are currently available, including most recently a clinical candidate for the prevention and treatment of norovirus infection. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) for interim financial information, the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and notes thereto included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  In the opinion of the Company s management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented have been included.  Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year, for any other interim period or for any future year.  
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of such instruments. 
    
  For assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, it is the Company s policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements, in accordance with the fair value hierarchy. Fair value measurements for assets and liabilities where there exists limited or no observable market data are based primarily upon estimates and are often calculated based on the economic and competitive environment, the characteristics of the asset or liability and other factors. Therefore, fair value measurements cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of the asset or liability. Additionally, there may be inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect the calculated current or future fair values. The Company utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. 
    
  The Company groups assets and liabilities at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. An adjustment to the pricing method used within either Level 1 or Level 2 inputs could generate a fair value measurement that effectively falls in a lower level in the hierarchy. These levels are: 

Level 1     Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. 
                
    Level 2     Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and models for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 
                
    Level 3     Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
       
  The determination of where an asset or liability falls in the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates hierarchy disclosures and, based on various factors, it is possible that an asset or liability may be classified differently from period to period. However, the Company expects that changes in classification between levels will be rare. In June 2016, the Company's  
  
   6 

preferred stock investment in ContraVir Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: CTRV) (ContraVir) was transferred from Level 3 to Level 2. In September 2016, the Company's investment in ContraVir was transferred from Level 2 to Level 1. See below for further discussion. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had cash equivalents, consisting of money market accounts, and short-term and long-term investments consisting of U.S. Treasury securities, whose value is based on using quoted market prices. Accordingly, these securities are classified as Level 1. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   the Company had cash equivalents consisting of commercial paper, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had short-term investments consisting of brokered certificates of deposit, and at December 31, 2015, the Company had long-term investments consisting of brokered certificates of deposit. As quoted prices are not available for these securities, they are valued using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Accordingly, these securities are classified as Level 2. 
    
  In December 2014, the Company entered into a license agreement with ContraVir for the development and commercialization of CMX157 for certain antiviral indications. Under the terms of the agreement, ContraVir has sole responsibility with respect to the control of the development and commercialization of CMX157. In exchange for the license to CMX157 rights, the Company received an upfront payment consisting of ContraVir Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. At December 31, 2015, the Company s preferred stock investment in ContraVir was categorized as Level 3 as there were significant unobservable inputs. The valuation of the investment at   December 31, 2015   was calculated on an as if converted to common share basis with a discount for lack of marketability applied due to the   18   month restriction from the date of the investment on selling the converted common shares, which ended on June 17, 2016. An option pricing model was used to determine the discount for lack of marketability of   10%   at   December 31, 2015  . The key unobservable inputs used in the option pricing model at   December 31, 2015   were (i) exercise price -   $1.54  , (ii) dividend yield -   0%  , (iii) expected holding period -   0.46 years  , (iv) risk-free rate -   0.44%  , and (v) volatility -   75%  . The valuation at June 30, 2016 was calculated on an as if converted to common share basis based on the common share price of ContraVir. At June 30, 2016, the Company's preferred stock investment in ContraVir was categorized as Level 2 as it was based on quoted prices for similar assets. On September 30, 2016, the Company converted its preferred stock investment in ContraVir into   1,071,429   shares of ContraVir common stock, which was categorized as a Level 1 asset and valued based on ContraVir's common stock value at September 30, 2016. The Company evaluates, among other things, the duration and extent to which the fair value of a security is less than its cost; the financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto; and the Company s intent to sell, or whether it will more likely than not be required to sell, the security before recovery of its market value. The Company does not currently intend to sell, and is not more likely than not to be required to sell, its investment in ContraVir before recovery of its market value. The change in valuation for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily based on changes in the fair value of ContraVir common shares, was recorded to unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
    
  There was no material re-measurement to fair value of financial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. For additional information regarding the Company's investments, please refer to Note 2, "Investments." 

7 

Below is a table that presents information about certain assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): 

8 

Below is a table that presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) at the beginning of the period (in thousands): 

Accrued Liabilities 
    
  Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Revenue Recognition 
    
  The Company s revenues generally consist of (i) contract revenue   revenue generated under federal contracts, and (ii) collaboration and licensing revenue   revenue related to non-refundable upfront fees, royalties and milestone payments earned under license agreements. Revenue is recognized in accordance with the criteria outlined in the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) s Topic 13 and Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 605-25 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). Following these accounting pronouncements, revenue is recognized when all four of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery of the products and/or services has occurred and risk of loss has passed; (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue under government contracts as qualifying research activities are conducted based on invoices received. 
    
  For arrangements that involve the delivery of more than one element, each product, service and/or right to use assets is evaluated to determine whether it qualifies as a separate unit of accounting. This determination is based on whether the deliverable has  stand-alone value  to the customer. The consideration that is fixed or determinable is then allocated to each separate unit of accounting based on the relative selling prices of each deliverable. The consideration allocated to each unit of accounting is recognized as the related goods and services are delivered, limited to the consideration that is not contingent upon future deliverables. If the arrangement constitutes a single unit of accounting, the revenue recognition policy must be determined for the entire arrangement and the consideration received is recognized over the period of inception through the date the last deliverable within the single unit of accounting is expected to be delivered. Revisions to the estimated period of recognition are reflected in revenue prospectively. 
     
  Non-refundable upfront fees are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized into revenue as license fees from collaborations on a straight-line basis over the estimated period of the Company s substantive performance obligations. If the Company does not have substantive performance obligations, the Company recognizes non-refundable upfront fees into revenue through the date the deliverable is satisfied. Analyzing the arrangement to identify deliverables requires the use of judgment and each deliverable may be an obligation to deliver services, a right or license to use an asset, or another performance obligation. 
    
  Milestone payments are recognized when earned, provided that (i) the milestone event is substantive; (ii) there is no ongoing performance obligation related to the achievement of the milestone earned; and (iii) it would result in additional payments. Milestone payments are considered substantive if all of the following conditions are met: the milestone payment is non-refundable; achievement of the milestone was not reasonably assured at the inception of the arrangement; substantive effort is involved to achieve the milestone; and the amount of the milestone appears reasonable in relation to the effort expended and the other milestones in the arrangement; and the related risk associated with the achievement of the milestone. Contingent based event payments the Company may receive under a license or collaboration agreement will be recognized when received. 

9 

Research and Development Prepaids and Accruals 
    
  As part of the process of preparing financial statements, the Company is required to estimate its expenses resulting from its obligation under contracts with vendors and consultants and clinical site agreements in connection with its research and development efforts. The financial terms of these contracts are subject to negotiations which vary contract to contract and may result in payment flows that do not match the periods over which materials or services are provided to the Company under such contracts. 
    
  The Company s objective is to reflect the appropriate research and development expenses in its financial statements by matching those expenses with the period in which services and efforts are expended. The Company accounts for these expenses according to the progress of its research and development efforts. The Company determines prepaid and accrual estimates through discussion with applicable personnel and outside service providers as to the progress or state of communication of clinical trials, or other services completed. The Company adjusts its rate of research and development expense recognition if actual results differ from its estimates. The Company makes estimates of its prepaid and accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in its financial statements based on facts and circumstances known at that time. Although the Company does not expect its estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, its understanding of status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in the Company reporting amounts that are too high or too low for any particular period. Through   September 30, 2016  , there had been no material adjustments to the Company s prior period estimates of prepaid and accruals for research and development expenses. The Company s research and development prepaids and accruals are dependent upon the timely and accurate reporting of contract research organizations and other third-party vendors. 
    
  Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock    
    
  Basic net loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding the dilutive effects of warrants to purchase common stock, employee stock purchase plan purchase rights, options to purchase common stock and restricted stock units. Diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period and the potential dilutive effects of warrants and options to purchase common stock outstanding during the period calculated in accordance with the treasury stock method, and employee stock purchase plan purchase rights unless the effects of these potentially dilutive items are anti-dilutive. Because the effects of these potentially dilutive items are anti-dilutive during periods of net loss, there was no difference between basic and diluted loss per share of common stock for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  The calculation of weighted-average diluted shares outstanding excludes the dilutive effect of warrants to purchase common stock, employee stock purchase plan purchase rights and options to purchase common stock as the impacts of such items are anti-dilutive during periods of net loss. Potential common shares excluded from the calculations were   1.4 million   and   1.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   0.9 million   and   1.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The ASU establishes a principles-based approach for accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes existing revenue recognition guidance. The ASU provides that an entity should apply a five-step approach for recognizing revenue, including (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Also, the entity must provide various disclosures concerning the nature, amount and timing of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The FASB has issued several updates to the standard which (1) defer the original effective date to annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, while allowing for early adoption as of January 1, 2017 (ASU 2015-14); (2) clarify the application of the principal versus agent guidance (ASU 2016-08); and (3) clarify the guidance on inconsequential and perfunctory promises and licensing (ASU 2016-10). The Company is currently analyzing the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10)-Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The new standard enhances reporting for financial instruments. The ASU is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Earlier adoption is permitted for interim and annual reporting periods as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-01 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  
   10 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which increases transparency and comparability among companies accounting for lease transactions.  The most significant change of this update will require the recognition of lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for lessees for operating lease arrangements with lease terms greater than 12 months.  This update will require a modified retrospective application which includes a number of optional practical expedients related to the identification and classification of leases commenced before the effective date.  This ASU is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 18, 2018.  The Company is currently analyzing the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting", which simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently analyzing the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Impact of Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
    
  In June 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-10,  Technical Corrections and Improvements.   The amendments in ASU 2015-10 clarify and correct some of the differences that arose between original guidance from FASB, EITF and other sources, and the translation into the new Codification. ASU 2015-10 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  ASU 2015-10 became effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2016. The Company's adoption of ASU 2015-10 did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2. Investments 
    
  The following tables summarize the Company's short-term and long-term investments (in thousands): 

11 

The following tables summarize the Company's investments with unrealized losses, aggregated by investment type and the length of time that individual investments have been in a continuous unrealized loss position (in thousands, except number of securities): 

The Company periodically reviews available-for-sale securities for other-than-temporary declines in fair value below the cost basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates, among other things, the duration and extent to which the fair value of a security is less than its cost; the financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto; and the Company s intent to sell, or whether it will more likely than not be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. The Company does not currently intend to sell, and is not more likely than not to be required to sell, the available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position before recovery of the amortized cost bases of the securities, which may be maturity. Any such declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are reported in interest income or expense, net. There were no such declines in value for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The Company recognizes interest income on an accrual basis in interest income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
    
  The following table summarizes the scheduled maturity for the Company's debt investments at   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

Note 3. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Leases 
    
  The Company leases its facilities and certain office equipment under long-term non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through 2021. Rent expense under non-cancelable operating leases and other month-to-month equipment rental agreements, including common area maintenance fees, totaled approximately   $0.2 million   and   $0.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  
   12 

Significance of Revenue Source 
    
  The Company is the recipient of federal research contract funds from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), the sole source of the Company's contract revenue. Periodic audits are required under the Company s BARDA agreement and certain costs may be questioned as appropriate under the BARDA agreement. Management believes that such amounts in the current year, if any, are not significant. Accordingly, no provision for refundable amounts under the BARDA agreement had been made as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Note 4. Equity Transactions and Share-based Compensation 
    
  Warrants 
    
  For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   exercises of warrants for the purchase of shares of the Company's common stock. 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  In connection with the Company s IPO, the Company adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan). The 2013 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options (ISOs), non-statutory stock options (NSOs), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit (RSU) awards, performance-based stock awards, and other forms of equity compensation (collectively, stock awards), all of which may be granted to employees, including officers, non-employee directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates. Additionally, the 2013 Plan provides for the grant of performance cash awards. The number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance automatically increases on January 1 of each calendar year by   4%   of the total number of shares of capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by the Company s board of directors. On January 1,   2016  , the common stock reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan was automatically increased by   1.8 million   shares. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was a total of   0.6 million   shares reserved for future issuance under the 2013 Plan. The Company issued approximately   45,000   shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . There were   no   shares of common stock issued pursuant to the exercise of stock options for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 
    
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
    
  In February 2013, the Company s board of directors adopted the 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which was subsequently ratified by stockholders and became effective in April 2013. Initially, the ESPP authorized the issuance of   704,225   shares of common stock pursuant to purchase rights granted to the Company s employees or to employees of any of its designated affiliates. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance automatically increases on January 1 of each calendar year, from January 1, 2014 through January 1, 2023 by the lesser of (a)   1%   of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, (b)   422,535   shares, or (c) a number determined by the Company s board of directors that is less than (a) and (b).  On January 1,   2016  , the common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP was automatically increased by an additional   0.4 million   shares bringing the total number of shares of common stock that may be purchased under the ESPP to   1.8 million  . 
    
  The Company has reserved a total of   1.8 million   shares of common stock to be purchased under the ESPP, of which   1.6 million   shares remained available for purchase as of   September 30, 2016  . The ESPP provides for an automatic reset feature to start participants on a new twenty-four month participation period in the event that the common stock market value on a purchase date is less than the common stock value on the first day of the twenty-four month offering period. Eligible employees may authorize an amount up to   15%   of their salary to purchase common stock at the lower of a   15%   discount to the beginning price of their offering period or a   15%   discount to the ending price of each six-month purchase interval. The Company issued approximately   100,000   shares of common stock pursuant to the ESPP for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The Company issued approximately     108,000   shares of common stock pursuant to the ESPP for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Compensation expense for shares purchased under the ESPP related to the purchase discount and the  look-back  option and were determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
    
  Restricted Stock Units 
    
  In May 2016, the Company issued restricted stock units (RSUs) to certain employees which vest based on service criteria. When vested, the RSU represents the right to be issued the number of shares of the Company's common stock that is equal to the number of RSUs granted. The grant date fair value for RSUs is based upon the market price of the Company's common stock on the date  
  
   13 

of the grant. The fair value is then amortized to compensation expense over the requisite service period or vesting term. The Company issued   no   shares of common stock pursuant to the vesting of RSUs for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  For awards with only service conditions and graded-vesting features, the Company recognizes compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there was   no   non-employee share-based compensation expense. Employee share-based compensation expense recognized related to stock options, the ESPP and RSUs was as follows (in thousands): 

Note 5. Income Taxes 
    
  The Company estimates an annual effective tax rate of   0%   for the year ending December 31,   2016   as the Company incurred losses for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and is forecasting additional losses through the 4th quarter, resulting in an estimated net loss for both financial statement and tax purposes for the year ending December 31,   2016  . Therefore,   no   federal or state income taxes are expected and none have been recorded at this time. Income taxes have been accounted for using the liability method in accordance with FASB ASC 740. 
    
  Due to the Company's history of losses since inception, there is not enough evidence at this time to support that the Company will generate future income of a sufficient amount and nature to utilize the benefits of its net deferred tax assets. Accordingly, the deferred tax assets have been reduced by a full valuation allowance, since the Company does not currently believe that realization of its deferred tax assets is more likely than not. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   unrecognized tax benefits that would reduce the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. 

Note 6. Significant Agreements 
     
  The Regents of the University of California 
    
  In May 2002, the Company entered into a license agreement with The Regents of the University of California (UC) under which the Company obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to UC s patent rights in certain inventions (the UC Patent Rights) related to lipid-conjugated antiviral compounds and their use, including certain patents relating to brincidofovir. The license agreement was amended in September 2002 in order to expand the scope of the license and again in December 2010 in order to modify certain financial terms. The agreement was amended a third time in September 2011 to add additional patents related to certain metabolically stable lipid-conjugate compounds. A fourth amendment was executed in July 2012 to alter the rights and obligations of the parties in light of the Company s then current business plans. As partial consideration for the rights granted to the Company under the license agreement, the Company is required to pay certain cash milestone payments in connection with the development and commercialization of compounds that are covered by the UC Patent Rights. In connection with the development and commercialization of brincidofovir and CMX157, the Company could be required to pay UC up to an aggregate of   $3.4 million   in milestone payments, assuming the achievement of all applicable milestone events under the license agreement. 
     
  Under the license agreement, the Company is permitted to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize products utilizing the UC Patent Rights for all human and veterinary uses, and to sublicense such rights. UC retained the right, on behalf of itself and other non-profit institutions, to use the UC Patent Rights for educational and research purposes and to publish information about the UC Patent Rights. 
    
  In consideration for the rights granted under the license agreement, the Company has issued UC an aggregate of   64,788   shares of common stock. As additional consideration, the Company is required to pay certain cash milestone payments in connection with the development and commercialization of compounds that are covered by the UC Patent Rights, plus certain annual fees to maintain such patents until the Company commercializes a product utilizing UC Patent Rights. In addition, upon commercialization  
  
   14 

of any product utilizing the UC Patent Rights (which would include the commercialization of brincidofovir), the Company will be required to pay low single digit royalties on net sales of such product. 
    
  In the event the Company sublicenses a UC Patent Right (including UC Patent Rights relating to brincidofovir or CMX157) the Company is obligated to pay to UC a fee, which amount will vary depending upon the amount of any payments the Company receives and the clinical development stage of the compound being sublicensed, but which could be up to approximately   50%   of the sublicense fee in certain circumstances. With respect to brincidofovir, the fee payable to UC will not exceed   5%   of the sublicense fee. In addition, the Company will also be required to pay to UC a low single digit sublicense royalty on net sales of products that use the sublicensed UC Patent Rights, but in no event will the Company be required to pay more than   50%   of the royalties it receives in connection with the relevant sublicense. Any such royalty payment will be reduced by other payments the Company is required to make to third parties until a minimum royalty has been reached. 
    
  The Company did not recognize expenses under this agreement for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
        
  Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority 
    
  In February 2011, the Company entered into a contract with BARDA for the advanced development of brincidofovir as a medical countermeasure in the event of a smallpox release. The contract has been amended numerous times. In August 2016, the contract was amended to extend the period of performance for the second option segment through June 30, 2017. In September 2015, the third option segment of the contract to provide approximately   $13 million   through October 31, 2016 was executed and in October 2016 was amended to extend the period of performance for the third option segment through January 31, 2017.  
    
  Under the contract, BARDA will reimburse the Company, plus pay a fixed fee, for the research and development of brincidofovir as a broad-spectrum therapeutic antiviral for the treatment of smallpox infections. The contract consists of an initial performance period, referred to as the base performance segment, plus up to   four   extension periods, referred to as option segments, each of which may be exercised at BARDA s sole discretion. The Company must complete the agreed upon milestones and deliverables in each discrete work segment before the next option segment is eligible to be exercised. Under the contract as currently in effect, the Company may cumulatively receive up to   $75.8 million   in expense reimbursement and   $5.3 million   in fees if all remaining option segments are exercised. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had recognized revenue in aggregate of   $49.7 million   with respect to the base performance segment and the first   three   extension periods. The Company is currently performing under the second and third option segments of the contract during which the Company may receive up to a total of   $17.5 million   in expense reimbursement and fees and   $13 million   in expense reimbursement and fees, respectively. The second option segment is scheduled to end on June 30, 2017 and the third option segment is scheduled to end on January 31, 2017. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized revenue under this contract of   $0.7 million   and   $2.3 million  , respectively, and for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized revenue under this contract of   $3.7 million   and   $6.1 million  , respectively. 
    
  ContraVir Pharmaceuticals 
    
  In December 2014, the Company entered into a license agreement with ContraVir for the development and commercialization of CMX157 for certain antiviral indications. Under the terms of the agreement, ContraVir has sole responsibility with respect to the control of the development and commercialization of CMX157. 
    
  In exchange for the license to CMX157 rights, the Company received an upfront payment consisting of   120,000   shares of ContraVir Series B Convertible Preferred Stock with a stated value of   $1.2 million  . In addition, the Company is eligible to receive up to approximately   $20 million   in clinical, regulatory and initial commercial milestones in the United States and Europe, as well as royalties and additional milestones based on commercial sales in those territories. Either party may terminate the license agreement upon the occurrence of a material breach by the other party (subject to standard cure periods), or upon certain events involving the bankruptcy or insolvency of the other party. ContraVir may also terminate the license agreement without cause on a country-by-country basis upon   sixty   (  60  ) days  prior written notice. 
    
  The upfront payment of   120,000   shares of ContraVir Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was valued at   $1.5 million   at the time of the agreement. The Company recorded this amount as a long-term investment and deferred revenue, which was included in accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon completion of the transfer of the investigational new drug and technical know-how related to CMX157, the Company recognized the upfront payment as revenue during the three months ended June 30, 2015. In September 2016, the Company converted its shares of ContraVir Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into   1,071,429   shares of ContraVir common stock. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of the investment was recorded as a short-term investment of   $1.1 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively. 
  
   15 

Note 7. Subsequent Events 
    
  The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the issuance date of these financial statements to ensure that this filing includes appropriate disclosure of events both recognized in the financial statements as of   September 30, 2016  , and events which occurred subsequently but were not recognized in the financial statements. 

16 

ITEM 2.     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 29, 2016. Past operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. 
    
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  The information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which are subject to the  safe harbor  created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   projects,   will,   would  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks set forth in Part II, Item IA,  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

OVERVIEW 
    
  Chimerix, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing novel antivirals to address areas of high unmet medical needs. We were founded in 2000 based on the promise of our proprietary lipid conjugate technology to unlock the potential of some of the most broad-spectrum antivirals by enhancing their antiviral activity and safety profiles in convenient dosing regimens. Based on our proprietary lipid conjugate technology, our lead compound, brincidofovir, is in clinical development for the treatment and prevention of adenovirus (AdV), cytomegalovirus (CMV) and smallpox. In addition, we have an active discovery program focusing on viral targets for which limited or no therapies are currently available, including most recently a clinical candidate for the prevention and treatment of norovirus infection. 
    
  Recent Developments 
    
  Development of IV Brincidofovir Formulation Continues 
    
  We remain on track to provide pharmacokinetic, safety and tolerability data from a single dose escalation study of intravenous (IV) brincidofovir in early 2017, with multiple dose studies in patients with active viral infection to follow.  In preclinical testing, animals given four weeks of IV brincidofovir showed no signs of gastrointestinal injury, even at plasma exposures several fold higher than those ever achieved with oral dosing.  If these early clinical studies of IV-administered brincidofovir continue to demonstrate low or no gastrointestinal side-effects, IV brincidofovir could be in late-stage registrational studies in 2018.  Once brincidofovir enters the target cells and is converted to the active antiviral, the drug remains at effective concentrations for several days, potentially allowing for once-weekly dosing.  The potential to provide higher drug exposures may allow a much-needed treatment for CMV, AdV, BK virus, and other DNA viral infections, potentially even in difficult to reach anatomical regions such as the brain. 
    
  Detailed 24-Week Data from AdVise Study Presented at IDWeek   TM   
    
  In October 2016, we announced the presentation of detailed 24-week interim results from the AdVise trial of brincidofovir for the treatment of AdV infection in allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant (HCT) patients.  
    
  The presentation at IDWeek highlighted that robust declines in AdV viral loads were demonstrated in the study; rapid reduction in AdV viremia were correlated with improved survival in both adults and pediatric patients.  The primary efficacy endpoint of the AdVise trial was the incidence of all-cause mortality at Day 60 after the first brincidofovir dose in allogeneic HCT patients enrolled with disseminated AdV disease (Cohort B), a group in which mortality of 50-80 percent has been reported in the literature. All-cause mortality in Cohort B at Day 60 was 19 percent in pediatric subjects and 43 percent in adults.  In patients with disseminated  
  
   17 

AdV disease who were alive at Week 4, 84 percent of pediatric patients and 50 percent of adults achieved a  2 log decline or undetectable AdV viremia by that time. This response was associated with improved survival at Week 24 in both pediatric and adult patients (75 percent of pediatric and 54 percent of adult responders survived to Week 24, compared with 29 percent and 15 percent of non-responders, respectively).  The most commonly reported treatment-emergent adverse events (AEs) were gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, increases in serum transaminases and bilirubin, and acute graft-versus-host disease (GvHD). No events were reported that were suggestive of drug-related nephrotoxicity or myelosuppression. 
    
  In an analysis of the data presented at IDWeek that was based on enrollment in the trial, a stepwise reduction in mortality was observed in pediatric patients as the study progressed: 60% mortality was observed in the initial quarter of pediatric patients enrolled in AdVise, with steady declines to 14% mortality for those patients enrolled in the last quartile.  A shorter time from diagnosis to first dose of brincidofovir is thought to be a significant driver of the observed improvement.   
    
  As previously communicated, an attempt was made to compare outcomes with matched historical controls, but the baseline risk factors for the control patients (including several recognized co-morbidities) did not match the high-risk patients enrolled in AdVise, and a meaningful difference in overall survival between the AdVise patients and historical controls was not observed.  These learnings, specifically the significant reduction in mortality observed throughout the conduct of the study underscore the potential for brincidofovir in patients with life-threatening adenovirus infection.  Early identification of adenovirus and intervention with brincidofovir are being incorporated in the design of our next comparative trial of oral brincidofovir which we expect to initiate in 2017. 
    
  We currently expect to present final 36-week data from the AdVise trial at a medical meeting during the first quarter of 2017. 
    
  Brincidofovir Expanded Access Program 
    
  We continue to receive requests for brincidofovir via our expanded access programs.  Through the first ten months of 2016, we have granted 263 requests for AdV alone, highlighting the unmet need in this area. 
    
  Brincidofovir for Smallpox 
    
  Our development of brincidofovir for smallpox continues, in collaboration with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). Following completion of the second animal efficacy study, we plan to meet with the FDA to discuss any additional required data for a regulatory decision. Earlier in 2016, we provided regulators with a summary of the clinical safety and tolerability of the intended three week course of oral brincidofovir in healthy adults and immunocompromised adults and children.  In addition, the final study report for the rabbitpox efficacy study of brincidofovir has been submitted to the FDA. 
    
  In October 2016, we were notified that the European Medicines Agency s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products issued a positive opinion for an Orphan Designation for brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox. 
    
  Clinical Candidate CMX521 for Norovirus 
    
  We are currently conducting final preclinical studies of CMX521 that are required to file an Investigational New Drug application (IND) in 2017, allowing for initial clinical testing.  CMX521 is a nucleoside analog identified from our proprietary Chemical Library which targets the norovirus polymerase, a part of the virus that is common to all strains and is required for viral replication.  It is therefore expected to be active against the multiple genetically diverse norovirus strains that circulate each year and cause disease in humans. 
    
  Chronic norovirus infection is increasingly being diagnosed in immune compromised patients.  Approximately 15-20 percent of HCT and SOT recipients are diagnosed with norovirus within the first year after transplant, a diagnosis that has been associated with chronic diarrhea, electrolyte disturbances, and graft rejection. We plan to file an IND for CMX521 in 2017, which, upon acceptance would enable clinical testing. 

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
    
  Revenues 
    
  To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales. All of our revenue to date has been derived from government grants and contracts and the receipt of up-front proceeds under our collaboration and license agreements. 

18 

In February 2011, we entered into a contract with BARDA, a U.S. governmental agency that supports the advanced research and development, manufacturing, acquisition, and stockpiling of medical countermeasures. The contract originally consisted of an initial performance period, referred to as the base performance segment, which ended on May 31, 2013, plus up to four extension periods, referred to as option segments. Subsequent option segments to the contract are not subject to automatic renewal and are not exercisable at our discretion. The contract is a cost plus fixed fee development contract. Under the contract as currently in effect, we may cumulatively receive up to $75.8 million in expense reimbursement and $5.3 million in fees if all remaining option segments are exercised. We are currently performing under the second and third option segments of the contract during which we may receive up to a total of $17.5 million and $13 million in expense reimbursement and fees, respectively. The second option segment is scheduled to end on June 30, 2017 and the third option segment is scheduled to end on January 31, 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had recognized revenue in aggregate of   $49.7 million   with respect to the base performance segment and the first three extension periods. Under the BARDA contract, we recognized revenue of   $0.7 million   and   $2.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and we recognized revenue of   $3.7 million   and   $6.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  In December 2014, we entered into a collaboration and licensing agreement with ContraVir Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: CTRV). In exchange for the license to CMX157 rights, we received an upfront payment consisting of 120,000 shares of ContraVir Series B Convertible Preferred Stock with a stated value of $1.2 million. In September 2016, these shares were converted into 1,071,429 shares of ContraVir common stock. In addition, we are eligible to receive clinical, regulatory and initial commercial milestones in the United States and Europe, as well as royalties and additional milestones based on commercial sales in those territories. We recognized the upfront license fee payment from ContraVir as deferred revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014, and during the second quarter of 2015 we completed our performance obligations and recorded $1.5 million in revenue. 
    
  In the future, we may generate revenue from a combination of product sales, license fees, milestone payments and royalties from the sales of products developed under licenses of our intellectual property. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the timing and amount of license fees, milestone and other payments, and the amount and timing of payments that we receive upon the sale of our products, to the extent any are successfully commercialized. If we fail to complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner or obtain regulatory approval for them, our ability to generate future revenue, and our results of operations and financial position, would be materially adversely affected. 
    
  Research and Development Expenses 
    
  Since our inception, we have focused our resources on our research and development activities, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, manufacturing development efforts and activities related to regulatory filings for our product candidates. We recognize research and development expenses as they are incurred. Costs for certain development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors. We cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of the current or future clinical studies of our product candidates. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of: 

fees paid to consultants and contract research organizations (CROs), including in connection with our preclinical and clinical trials, and other related clinical trial fees, such as for investigator grants, patient screening, laboratory work, clinical trial database management, clinical trial material management and statistical compilation and analysis; 
                
    salaries and related overhead expenses, which include stock option, restricted stock units and employee stock purchase program compensation and benefits, for personnel in research and development functions; 
                
    payments to third-party manufacturers, which produce, test and package our drug substance and drug product (including continued testing of process validation and stability); 
                
    costs related to legal and compliance with regulatory requirements; and 
                
    license fees for and milestone payments related to licensed products and technologies. 
       
  From our inception through   September 30, 2016  , we have incurred approximately   $343 million   in research and development expenses, which predominately relates to our development of brincidofovir. These costs were largely related to the conduct of our clinical trials, including most recently our two large clinical trials of oral brincidofovir, SUPPRESS and AdVise.  
    
  The table below summarizes our research and development expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands). Our direct research and development expenses consist primarily of external costs, such as fees paid to investigators, consultants, central laboratories and CROs, in connection with our clinical trials, preclinical development, and payments to third-party manufacturers of drug substance and drug product. We typically use our employee and infrastructure resources across multiple research and development programs. 

19 

The successful development of our clinical and preclinical product candidates is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate the nature, timing or costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the remainder of the development of any of our clinical or preclinical product candidates or the period, if any, in which material net cash inflows from these product candidates may commence. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of our product candidates, as detailed in Part II, Item IA,  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC. 
    
  Brincidofovir 
    
  The majority of our research and development resources has been focused on completing our Phase 3 trial of brincidofovir for prevention of CMV in HCT recipients (SUPPRESS), our trial of brincidofovir as a treatment for AdV (AdVise), our Phase 3 SUSTAIN and SURPASS trials, and our other clinical and preclinical studies and other work needed to provide sufficient data supporting the safety, tolerability and efficacy of brincidofovir for approval in the United States and equivalent health authority approval outside the United States. 
    
  We concluded our Phase 3 SUPPRESS trial and our AdVise study, and closed our SUSTAIN and SURPASS trials in kidney transplant recipients. As a result, our research and development expenses have significantly decreased in 2016. However, following finalization of our revised development plan for oral brincidofovir in early 2017 and completion of early-phase clinical testing for the IV formulation of brincidofovir, we expect to increase our research and development expenses. 
    
  In addition, pursuant to our contract with BARDA, we are continuing development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox. During the base performance segment of the contract, we incurred significant expense in connection with the development of orthopox virus animal models, the demonstration of efficacy and pharmacokinetics of brincidofovir in the animal models, the conduct of an open label clinical safety study for subjects with DNA viral infections, and the manufacture and process validation of bulk drug substance and brincidofovir 100 mg tablets. During the first option segment of the contract, we performed additional confirmatory pharmacokinetic studies of brincidofovir in animals. In September 2014, we initiated performance under the second option segment of the contract with BARDA and performed the first pivotal animal efficacy study of brincidofovir. In September 2015, we initiated performance under the third option segment which focuses on brincidofovir chemistry, manufacturing and controls at large scale. We are continuing to assess the efficacy of brincidofovir via animal models under the FDA s Animal Rule, and anticipate completing the mouse ectromelia study and subsequently reviewing with the FDA in the first half of 2017. 
    
  Other Development 
    
  In addition to the costs associated with brincidofovir development, we have incurred research and development costs related to other programs, including CMX669 for CMV and BK virus and CMX521 for norovirus.  The majority of this work has been focused on preclinical development, early-stage chemistry, and manufacturing in preparation for Phase 1 clinical testing. We have increased spending for preclinical development and early-stage chemistry for CMX521, conducted our candidate selection in September 2016, and have initiated IND-enabling activities for this molecule for the prevention and treatment of norovirus infection. 
    
  General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for employees in executive, finance, commercial, information technology, legal, human resources and administrative support functions, including share-based compensation expenses and benefits. Other significant general and administrative expenses include accounting and legal services, cost of various consultants, director and officer liability insurance, occupancy costs and information systems. Historically pre-launch activities for brincidofovir have also been a significant portion of general and administrative expenses. 
    
  We expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to trend downward during 2016, driven primarily by a reduction in expenses related to commercial preparations. 

20 

Interest Income (Expense), Net 
    
  Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments. Interest expense consists primarily of interest accrued or paid on amounts outstanding under our Loan and Security Agreement (LSA) with Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and MidCap Financial SBIC, LP (MidCap). In January 2012, we borrowed $3.0 million under the LSA, and in September 2012, we borrowed an additional $12.0 million. In October 2015, the loan was paid in full. 
    
  Share-based Compensation     
    
  The Financial Accounting Standards Board authoritative guidance requires that share-based payment transactions with employees be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair value and recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. Total consolidated share-based compensation expense of   $4.1 million   and   $3.7 million   was recognized in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $12.3 million   and   $8.9 million   was recognized in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The share-based compensation expense recognized included expense for stock options, restricted stock units and employee stock purchase plan purchase rights. 
    
  We estimate the fair value of our share-based awards to employees and directors using the Black-Scholes pricing model. This estimate is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions including the expected volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate, expected dividend yield, expected rate of forfeiture and the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant.  
    
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES 
    
  Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results and experiences may differ materially from these estimates. In addition, our reported financial condition and results of operations could vary if new accounting standards are enacted that are applicable to our business. 
    
  We discussed accounting policies and assumptions that involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. There have been no material changes during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   to our critical accounting policies, significant judgments and estimates disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

21 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Comparison of the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , together with the changes in those items (in thousands, except percentages):  

Contract Revenue 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , total contract revenue decreased to   $0.7 million   compared to   $2.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease of   $1.6 million  , or   71.2%  , is related to a decrease in reimbursable expenses related to our contract with BARDA. 
    
  Research and Development Expenses 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , our research and development expenses decreased to   $12.2 million   compared to   $26.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease of   $14.2 million  , or   53.8%  , is primarily related to the following: 

a decrease in clinical trial expenses of $10.4 million which is comprised of $9.8 million related to the completion of our Phase 3 SUPPRESS and AdVise trials and the closeout of our SUSTAIN and SURPASS trials, offset by an increase of $0.4 million for our ongoing expanded access programs and $0.3 million related to our Phase 1 study of an IV formulation of brincidofovir; 
                
    a decrease of approximately $1.5 million related to compensation and other employee related costs; 
                
    a decrease of $1.2 million related to reimbursable BARDA contract expenses; and 
                
    a decrease of $0.8 million in consultant expenses; offset by 
                
    an increase of approximately $0.7 million for preclinical and chemistry development on our other compounds (including primarily CMX521, our lead candidate compound for norovirus). 
       
  General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , our general and administrative costs decreased to   $5.8 million   compared to   $8.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease of   $2.7 million  , or   31.6%  , is primarily related to the following: 

a decrease of $1.5 million of commercialization expense; 
                
    a decrease in compensation and other employee related costs of $0.9 million. 

22 

Interest Income, Net 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , our interest income, net increased to   $0.4 million   compared to   $0.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The change is attributable to interest earned on our cash and investments and a decrease in interest expense associated with the repayment of our loan in full in October 2015. 
    
  Comparison of the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table summarizes our results of operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , together with the changes in those items (in thousands except percentages):  

Contract Revenue 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , total contract revenue decreased to   $3.7 million   compared to   $6.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease of   $2.4 million  , or   39.0%  , is related to a decrease in reimbursable expenses related to our contract with BARDA. 
    
  Collaboration and Licensing Revenue 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , total collaboration and licensing revenue was   $1.5 million  . In December 2014, we entered into a collaboration and licensing agreement with ContraVir Pharmaceuticals. During the first nine months of 2015, we completed our performance obligations related to this agreement and recognized $1.5 million of collaboration and licensing revenue. We did not have collaboration and licensing revenue for the same period in 2016. 
    
  Research and Development Expenses 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our research and development expenses decreased to   $46.9 million   compared to   $65.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease of   $18.9 million  , or   28.7%  , is primarily related to the following: 

a decrease in clinical trial expenses of $15.8 million which is comprised of a $16.0 million related to the completion of our Phase 3 SUPPRESS and AdVise trials and the closeout of our SUSTAIN and SURPASS trials and $1.7 million related to supporting clinical studies and activities, offset by an increase of $1.6 million for our ongoing expanded access programs and $0.3 million related to our Phase 1 study of an IV formulation of brincidofovir; 
                
    a decrease of $1.9 million related to the development of drug manufacturing for brincidofovir; 
                
    a decrease of $1.4 million related to reimbursable BARDA contract expenses; 
                
    a decrease of $1.5 million related to sponsored research grants; offset by 
                
    an increase of approximately $2.5 million of other formulation development, of which $1.7 million is related to preclinical and chemistry development on our IV formulation and $0.8 million on our other compounds (including primarily CMX521, our lead candidate compound for norovirus). 

23 

General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our general and administrative costs decreased to   $19.4 million   compared to   $21.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This decrease is primarily related to the offsetting effects of the following: 

a decrease of $4.7 million of commercialization costs; offset by 
                
    an increase in compensation and other employee related costs of $2.4 million, consisting of an increase of $1.9 million of share-based compensation and $0.5 million of compensation and benefits. 
       
  Interest Income, Net 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our interest income, net, increased to   $1.1 million   compared to   $0.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The change is attributable to interest earned on our cash and investments and a decrease in interest expense associated with the repayment of our loan in full in October 2015. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had capital available to fund operations of approximately   $288.3 million  . Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to liquidity and capital preservation. We have incurred losses since our inception in 2000 and as of   September 30, 2016  , we had an accumulated deficit of   $400.8 million  . We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for at least the next several years. In connection with the completion or closing of certain clinical trials for brincidofovir, we have seen a reduction in expenses. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and long-term investments will enable us to fund our current operating expenses and capital requirements for at least the next 12 months; however, we anticipate that we will need additional capital to fund our operations, which we may obtain through one or more of equity offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party funding, strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements. Changing circumstances beyond our control may cause us to consume capital more rapidly than we currently anticipate. 
    
  We cannot assure you that adequate funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any additional equity financings will be dilutive to our stockholders and any additional debt may involve operating covenants that may restrict our business. If adequate funds are not available through these means, we may be required to curtail significantly one or more of our research or development programs, our pre-launch expenses, and any launch and other commercialization expenses for any of our products that may receive marketing approval. We cannot assure you that we will successfully develop or commercialize our products under development or that our products, if successfully developed, will generate revenues sufficient to enable us to earn a profit. 
     
  Cash Flows 
    
  The following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash (in thousands): 

Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash used in operating activities of   $54.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily the result of our   $61.4 million   net loss and the change in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by the add-back of non-cash expenses of   $12.3 million   for share-based compensation,   $1.0 million   of amortization on investments and   $0.8 million   of depreciation of property and equipment. The change in operating assets and liabilities includes a decrease of   $10.6 million   in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of   $2.1 million   related to work on the BARDA development contract and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of   $1.7 million   primarily related to a decrease in prepaid research and development expenses. Net cash used in operating activities of   $66.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was primarily the result of our   $79.5 million   net loss, partially offset by the add-back of non-cash expenses of   $8.9 million    
  
   24 

for share-based compensation, the change in operating assets and liabilities and   $1.2 million   of amortization on investments. The change in operating assets and liabilities includes an increase of   $7.9 million   in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of   $5.4 million   primarily related to activities of our clinical trials and an increase in accounts receivable of   $0.4 million   related to work on the BARDA development contract. 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by investing activities of   $82.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily the result of the maturities of   $147.9 million   in short-term investments partially offset by the purchase of   $50.9 million   in long-term investments and   $14.0 million   in short-term investments. Net cash used in investing activities of   $178.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was primarily the result of the purchase of   $212.8 million   in long-term investments and   $56.3 million   in short-term investments, partially offset by maturities of   $90.8 million   in short-term investments. 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities of   $0.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was the result of   $0.6 million   in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and stock purchases through our ESPP. Net cash provided by financing activities of   $161.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was primarily the result of approximately   $161.9 million   in net proceeds from the completion of a public offering and   $4.0 million   in proceeds from the exercise of warrants, stock options and stock purchases through our ESPP, partially offset by   $4.0 million   in debt repayment. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS 
    
  There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations and commitments outside the ordinary course of business from those disclosed under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Contractual Obligations and Commitments  as contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed by us with the SEC on February 29, 2016.  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  During the periods presented, we did not have, nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under SEC rules. 
  
   25 

ITEM 3.     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Due to the short-term duration of our investment portfolio and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. Accordingly, we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a sudden change in market interest rates on our investment portfolio. 
    
  We do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments have significant risk of default or illiquidity. While we believe our cash and cash equivalents and certificates of deposit do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. In addition, we maintain certain amounts of cash and cash equivalents at one or more financial institutions that are in excess of federally insured limits. 
    
  Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   September 30, 2015  . 

ITEM 4.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act) as of   September 30, 2016  , have concluded that, based on such evaluation, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  We routinely review our internal control over financial reporting and from time to time make changes intended to enhance the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and will take action as appropriate. There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the   third   quarter of   2016   that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   26 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  None. 

ITEM 1A.        RISK FACTORS 
    
  An investment in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained elsewhere in this report, before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the risk factors described when evaluating our business. We have marked with an asterisk (*) those risk factors that reflect changes from the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016. 
    
  Risks Related To Our Financial Condition and Need For Additional Capital 
    
  We have incurred significant losses since our inception. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability.* 
    
  We are a biopharmaceutical company focused primarily on developing our lead product candidate, brincidofovir. We have incurred significant net losses in each year since our inception, including net losses of   $61.4 million   and   $79.5 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had an accumulated deficit of approximately   $400.8 million  . 
    
  To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and, to a lesser extent, through government funding, licensing fees and debt. We have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our preclinical development activities and clinical trials. We have not completed development of any product candidates. We expect to continue to incur losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. The size of our losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future expenditures and our ability to generate revenues. In particular, we expect to incur substantial and increased expenses as we seek to: 

continue the development of our lead product candidate, brincidofovir, for the treatment of adenovirus (AdV) infection; 
                
    continue the development of brincidofovir for the prevention or treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV), AdV, BK virus, and other viral indications in hematopoietic cell transplant (HCT) recipients, solid organ transplant recipients and other patient populations; 
                
    continue the development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox as a medical countermeasure; 
                
    advance the development of an intravenous (IV) formulation of brincidofovir; 
                
    obtain regulatory approvals for brincidofovir; 
                
    scale-up manufacturing capabilities to commercialize brincidofovir for any indications for which we receive regulatory approval; 
                
    conduct IND-enabling studies of CMX521 for norovirus; 
                
    expand our research and development activities and advance our clinical programs; 
                
    maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
                
    continue our research and development efforts and seek to discover additional product candidates; and 
                
    add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and commercialization efforts and operations as a public company. 
       
  To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including discovering product candidates, completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for these product candidates, and manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. We are only in the preliminary stages of some of these activities. 
    
  To date, we have not obtained regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, and none of our product candidates have been commercialized. We may never succeed in developing or commercializing any of our product candidates. If our product  
  
   27 

candidates are not successfully developed or commercialized, or if revenues from any products that do receive regulatory approvals are insufficient, we will not achieve profitability and our business may fail. Even if we successfully obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States, our revenues are also dependent upon the size of markets outside of the United States, as well as our ability to obtain market approval and achieve commercial success outside of the United States. 
    
  Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
    
  Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales is uncertain and depends upon our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize our product candidates.* 
    
  Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with collaborators, to successfully complete the development, obtain the necessary regulatory approvals and commercialize our product candidates. We do not anticipate generating revenues from sales of our product candidates for the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales depends heavily on our success in: 

obtaining favorable results for and advancing the development of brincidofovir, including successfully completing clinical development of IV and oral formulations; 
                
    obtaining United States and foreign regulatory approval for brincidofovir; 
                
    launching and commercializing brincidofovir, including establishing a sales force and/or collaborating with third party providers of sales organizations; 
                
    achieving broad market acceptance of brincidofovir in the medical community and with third-party payers; 
                
    delivering a competitive value proposition compared to established competition and/or competitors who will enter the market before or after any of our product candidates, including brincidofovir; and 
                
    generating, licensing or otherwise acquiring a pipeline of product candidates which progress to clinical development, regulatory approval, and commercialization. 
       
  Conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data required to obtain regulatory approval and achieve product sales. Our anticipated development costs would likely increase if we do not obtain favorable results or if development of our product candidates is delayed. In particular, we would likely incur higher costs than we currently anticipate if development of our product candidates is delayed because we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or foreign regulatory authorities to perform studies or trials in addition to those that we currently anticipate, or we decide to conduct additional studies or trials for strategic reasons. For example, we announced that in the SUPPRESS trial, brincidofovir did not prevent clinically significant CMV infection through Week 24 after HCT to a greater extent than occurred on placebo, the primary endpoint of the trial. 
    
  We have undertaken a review of our overall development plan for brincidofovir. In connection with this review we elected to close the SUSTAIN and SURPASS trials of brincidofovir in kidney transplant recipients. The brincidofovir IND for CMV prevention is currently on a partial clinical hold, pending review of this program by the FDA. We anticipate that we will need to initiate one or more additional clinical trials in order to attain FDA and/or foreign regulatory approval of brincidofovir. For example, in light of the numerical difference in mortality observed in SUPPRESS and the absence of a mortality benefit observed when results from our AdVise study were compared to data from Study 305, our historical matched control study, further development of brincidofovir for AdV would require one or more additional prospective, controlled trials of brincidofovir in AdV. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of any increase in our anticipated development costs that will result from any additional trials. 
    
  In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for a number of years, if at all. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs in connection with commercialization. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate revenues from sales of any approved product candidates, or that we will achieve or maintain profitability even if we do generate sales. 

28 

If we fail to obtain additional financing, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs, seek corporate partners for the development of our product development programs or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or product candidates.* 
    
  Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance our clinical programs for brincidofovir. 
    
  We believe that our existing capital available to fund operations will enable us to fund our current operating expenses and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. At present, we expect research and development expenses to temporarily trend lower, as we are not actively conducting clinical trials of brincidofovir. We continue to provide brincidofovir for the treatment of AdV infection through our expanded access trial (Study 351) in the US and through the Named Patient Program in the EU. We expect research and development expenses to increase following conduct of early-phase studies of an IV formulation of brincidofovir. Following finalization of our revised development plan, we expect to increase our research and development expenses. In addition, changing circumstances beyond our control may cause us to consume capital more rapidly than we currently anticipate. For example, our clinical trials may encounter technical, enrollment or other difficulties that could increase our development costs more than we expected, or because the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities requires us to perform studies or trials in addition to those that we currently anticipate. We may need to raise additional funds if we choose to initiate clinical trials for our product candidates other than brincidofovir. In any event, we will require additional capital to commercialize our lead product candidate, brincidofovir. 
    
  Securing additional financing may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates, including brincidofovir. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may be required to: 

significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates, including brincidofovir; 
                
    seek corporate partners for brincidofovir or any of our other product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available; or 
                
    relinquish or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. 
       
  If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we will be prevented from pursuing development and commercialization efforts, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects and on our ability to develop our product candidates. 
    
  We may not realize the expected benefits of our cost-saving initiatives.* 
    
  Reducing costs is a key element of our current business strategy. In early 2016, as a consequence of the failure of SUPPRESS, our Phase 3 pivotal trial of brincidofovir for the prevention of CMV in HCT to meet its primary endpoint, we initiated a reduction to our workforce. Personnel reductions were initiated across our entire organization that have resulted in a remaining workforce of approximately 90 full-time employees as of   September 30, 2016  . The principal objective of the reduction in workforce was to enable us to focus our financial resources primarily on the continued clinical development of brincidofovir. 
    
  We recorded an aggregate charge related to one-time termination benefits of approximately $1.4 million in the first quarter of 2016. If we experience excessive unanticipated inefficiencies or incremental costs in connection with restructuring activities, such as unanticipated inefficiencies caused by reducing headcount, we may be unable to meaningfully realize cost savings and we may incur expenses in excess of what we anticipate. Either of these outcomes could prevent us from meeting our strategic objectives and could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
    
   Risks Related To Clinical Development and Regulatory Approval 
    
  We depend on the success of our lead product candidate, brincidofovir, which is still under clinical development, and may not obtain regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized.* 
    
  We have not marketed, distributed or sold any products. The success of our business depends upon our ability to develop and commercialize our lead product candidate, brincidofovir. In December 2015, we announced that in the SUPPRESS trial, brincidofovir did not prevent clinically significant CMV infection through Week 24 after transplant to a greater extent than occurred  
  
   29 

on placebo, the primary endpoint of the trial. In addition, overall mortality for brincidofovir and for placebo were not statistically different, but numerically higher for the patients who were randomized to receive brincidofovir. 
    
  Our AdVise study of brincidofovir for the treatment of AdV infection in allogeneic HCT recipients and other immunocompromised individuals has completed enrollment. We will continue to provide data from the AdVise study to the FDA and foreign health authorities to determine the regulatory pathway for the treatment of adenovirus. However, in light of the numerical difference in mortality observed in SUPPRESS and the absence of a mortality benefit observed when results from our AdVise study were compared to data from Study 305, our historical matched control study, further development of brincidofovir for AdV would require one or more additional prospective, controlled trials of brincidofovir in AdV. 
    
  Following a review of results from the SUPPRESS trial and discussion with the FDA regarding our clinical development plan for brincidofovir, we elected to close the Phase 3 SUSTAIN and SURPASS trials. The brincidofovir IND for CMV prevention is currently on a partial clinical hold, pending review of this program by the FDA. 
    
  There is no guarantee that our current or future clinical trials, including any Phase 3 trials, will be approved by regulators, and no guarantee that they will be completed or, if completed, will be successful, or if successful, will result in an approval for the sale of any of our product candidates. The success of brincidofovir will depend on several factors, including the following: 

successful conduct of required trial(s) of oral brincidofovir for the treatment of adenovirus; 
                
    successful conduct of a second efficacy study of oral brincidofovir in an animal model of smallpox infection, and acceptance of data from these animal model studies by the FDA and foreign regulatory bodies; 
                
    development of an IV formulation and/or alternate drug formulations; 
                
    receipt of marketing approvals from the FDA and corresponding regulatory authorities outside the United States; 
                
    establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities; 
                
    launching commercial sales of the product, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 
                
    acceptance of the product by patients, the medical community and third-party payers; 
                
    effectively competing with other therapies; 
                
    a continued acceptable safety profile of the product following approval; and 
                
    obtaining, maintaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property rights and claims. 
       
  If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize brincidofovir, which would materially harm our business. 
    
  We have never obtained regulatory approval for a drug and we may be unable to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approval for brincidofovir.* 
    
  We have never obtained regulatory approval for a drug. It is possible that the FDA and/or foreign health authorities may refuse to accept our NDA (or corresponding foreign application) for substantive review or may conclude after review of our data that our application is insufficient to obtain regulatory approval of brincidofovir.  
    
  In light of the numerical difference in mortality observed in SUPPRESS and the absence of a mortality benefit observed when results from our AdVise study were compared to data from Study 305, our historical matched control study, it is anticipated that regulatory approval of brincidofovir for the treatment of AdV would require one or more additional prospective controlled studies of brincidofovir in patients with AdV. We may be required to conduct additional clinical, nonclinical or manufacturing validation studies and submit those data before reconsideration of our application occurs. Depending on the extent of these or any other required studies, approval of any NDA or application that we submit may be delayed by several years, or may require us to expend more resources than we have available. It is also possible that additional studies, if performed and completed, may not be considered sufficient by the FDA and/or foreign health authorities to approve our NDA or foreign application. 
    
  Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, regulatory approvals would prevent us from commercializing brincidofovir, generating revenues and achieving and sustaining profitability. If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for brincidofovir, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
    
  It is our intention to continue development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox through assessment of efficacy in animal models of orthopox virus infections. 

30 

We depend on the successful completion of animal efficacy studies for brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox. The positive efficacy results obtained for brincidofovir for the treatment of rabbitpox in the rabbit animal model may not be repeated in future animal efficacy studies.* 
    
  Before obtaining regulatory approval for brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox, we must conduct efficacy studies of brincidofovir in animal models of lethal orthopox infections. These studies are expensive and difficult to design and conduct, can take years to complete, and are uncertain as to outcome.  We rely on a limited number of research organizations which conduct orthopox infection studies. A failure of one or more of our trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of prior efficacy studies of brincidofovir may not be predictive of the success of later animal efficacy studies. Results of these studies are susceptible to varying interpretation. 
    
  We depend on the successful completion of clinical trials for our product candidates, including brincidofovir. The positive clinical results obtained for our product candidates in prior clinical studies may not be repeated in future clinical studies.* 
    
  Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our product candidates, including brincidofovir, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for their products.  
    
  We may experience a number of unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials or animal efficacy studies for our product candidates, including brincidofovir, that could adversely affect the completion of our clinical trials, including: 

regulators or institutional review boards may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 
                
    clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs; 
                
    animal efficacy studies of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us to conduct additional animal efficacy studies or abandon development programs; 
                
    we might be required to change one of our clinical research organizations (CROs) during ongoing clinical programs; 
                
    the number of subjects required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or subjects may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; 
                
    our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 
                
    we may have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 
                
    regulators or institutional review boards may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements; 
                
    the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate; 
                
    we may encounter agency or judicial enforcement actions which impact our clinical trials; 
                
    the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; or 
                
    our product candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators to suspend or terminate the trials. 
       
  For example, results from our Phase 3 SUPPRESS and open-label AdVise trials of brincidofovir will likely cause regulators to require that we repeat or conduct additional clinical studies, and the clinical studies we design and/or submit may not be approved. We do not know whether any clinical trials we may conduct will demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety to result in regulatory approval to market our product candidates, including brincidofovir. If later stage clinical trials do not produce favorable results, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, including brincidofovir, may be adversely impacted. 
    
  We are developing brincidofovir to treat patients who are extremely ill, and patient deaths that occur in our clinical trials could negatively impact our business even if they are not shown to be related to brincidofovir.* 
    
  It is our intention to further develop our lead product candidate, brincidofovir, for the treatment of AdV infection through clinical  
  
   31 

trials, such as AdVise, and for the prevention or treatment of other DNA viral infections. Many of these patients receive an HCT as a potential cure or remission for many cancers and genetic disorders. For example, patients that were enrolled in AdVise were often extremely sick and had a high likelihood of experiencing adverse outcomes as a result of their infection or due to other significant risks including relapse of their underlying malignancy. To prepare for an HCT, patients receive a pre-transplant conditioning regimen, which involves high-dose chemotherapy and may also include radiation therapy. The conditioning regimen suppresses the patient's immune system in order to prevent it from attacking the new bone marrow. 
    
  We are currently assessing the possibility of conducting additional clinical trials for oral or IV brincidofovir for other indications, including in the solid organ transplant setting. In this or other transplant settings, immunosuppressive therapies are administered to decrease the risk of organ rejection and are generally tapered after the first few months; the risk of severe viral infection is highest in the first few months. Generally, patients remain at high risk during the first 100 to 200 days following their transplant and are at increased risk of infections during that period, which can be serious, which may cause loss of the new organ, and which may be life-threatening due to their weakened immune systems.  
    
  As a result, it is likely that we will observe severe adverse outcomes during our clinical trials for brincidofovir, including patient death. If a significant number of study subject deaths were to occur, regardless of whether such deaths are attributable to brincidofovir, our ability to obtain regulatory approval and/or achieve commercial acceptance for brincidofovir may be adversely impacted and our business could be materially harmed.  
    
  Delays in clinical trials are common and have many causes, and any delay could result in increased costs to us and jeopardize or delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval and commence product sales.* 
    
  Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete, and is uncertain as to outcome. We may experience delays in clinical trials at any stage of development and testing of our product candidates. Our planned clinical trials may not begin on time, have an effective design, enroll a sufficient number of subjects, or be completed on schedule, if at all.  
    
  Events which may result in a delay or unsuccessful completion of clinical trials, including our currently planned or future clinical trials for brincidofovir, include: 

inability to raise funding necessary to initiate or continue a trial;  
                
    delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain, regulatory approval to commence a trial;  
                
    delays in reaching agreement with the FDA and foreign health authorities on final trial design; 
                
    imposition of a clinical hold following an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 
                
    delays caused by disagreements with existing CROs and/or clinical trial sites;  
                
    delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; 
                
    delays in obtaining required institutional review board approval at each site;  
                
    delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial;  
                
    delays in having subjects complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
                
    delays caused by subjects dropping out of a trial due to side effects or otherwise;  
                
    clinical sites dropping out of a trial to the detriment of enrollment;  
                
    agency or judicial enforcement actions against us; 
                
    time required to add new clinical sites; and 
                
    delays by our contract manufacturers to produce and deliver sufficient supply of clinical trial materials. 
       
  For example, due to the specialized indication and patient populations studied in our past and future clinical trials of brincidofovir, the number of study sites available to us is relatively limited, and therefore enrollment of suitable patients to participate in the trial may take longer than is typical for studies involving other indications. This may result in a delay or unsuccessful completion of our clinical trials. 
    
  If initiation or completion of any of our clinical trials for our product candidates, including brincidofovir, are delayed for any of the above reasons, our development costs may increase, our approval process could be delayed, any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates may be reduced and our competitors may have more time to bring products to market before we do. Any of these events could impair our ability to generate revenues from product sales and impair our ability to generate regulatory and commercialization milestones and royalties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

32 

Our product candidates may cause adverse effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit the scope of any approved label or market acceptance.* 
    
  Adverse events (AEs) caused by our product candidates could cause us, other reviewing entities, clinical study sites or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical studies and could result in the denial of regulatory approval. For example, subjects enrolled in our clinical trials for brincidofovir have experienced gastrointestinal AEs and liver-related safety laboratory value changes. In addition, brincidofovir is related to the approved drug cidofovir, a compound which has been shown to result in significant renal toxicity and impairment following use. There is also a risk that our other product candidates may induce AEs, many of which may be unknown at this time. If an unacceptable frequency and/or severity of AEs are reported in our clinical trials for our product candidates, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for product candidates, including brincidofovir, may be negatively impacted. The brincidofovir IND for CMV prevention is currently on a partial clinical hold, pending review of this program by the FDA. We anticipate that we will need to initiate one or more additional clinical trials in order to attain FDA and/or foreign regulatory approval of brincidofovir. 
    
  If any of our approved products cause serious or unexpected side effects prior to or after receiving market approval, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities may approve the product only with a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS), potentially with restrictions on distribution and other elements to assure safe use (ETASU); 
                
    regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product or impose restrictions on its distribution in a form of a modified REMS; 
                
    regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; 
                
    we may be required to change the way the product is administered or to conduct additional clinical studies; 
                
    we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 
                
    our reputation may suffer. 
       
  Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidate and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates.  
    
  After the completion of our clinical trials, we cannot predict whether or when we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize brincidofovir and we cannot, therefore, predict the timing of any future revenue from brincidofovir. 
    
  We cannot commercialize our product candidates, including brincidofovir, until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved the product candidate. The regulatory agencies may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for brincidofovir. Additional delays in the United States may result if brincidofovir is brought before an FDA advisory committee, which could recommend restrictions on approval or recommend non-approval of the product candidate. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes in regulatory agency policy during the period of product development, clinical studies and the review process. As a result, we cannot predict when, if at all, we will receive any future revenue from commercialization of any of our product candidates, including brincidofovir.  
    
  Even if we obtain regulatory approval for brincidofovir and our other product candidates, we will still face extensive regulatory requirements and our products may face future development and regulatory difficulties. 
    
  Even if we obtain regulatory approval, the granting authority may still impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses, distribution or marketing of our product candidates, including brincidofovir, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies or post-market surveillance. For example, the labeling ultimately approved for our product candidates, including brincidofovir, will likely include restrictions on use due to the specific patient population and manner of use in which the drug was evaluated and the safety and efficacy data obtained in those evaluations. In addition, the distribution of brincidofovir may be tightly controlled through a REMS with ETASU, which are required medical interventions or other actions healthcare professionals need to execute prior to prescribing or dispensing the drug to the patient. Some actions may also be required in order for the patient to continue on treatment. In addition, the label for brincidofovir may be required to include a boxed warning, or  black box,  regarding brincidofovir being carcinogenic, teratogenic and impairing fertility in animal studies, as well as a contraindication in patients who have had a demonstrated clinically significant hypersensitivity reaction to brincidofovir or cidofovir or any component of the formulation. The brincidofovir labeling may also include warnings or black boxes pertaining to gastrointestinal AEs or liver-related safety laboratory value changes.  
    
  Brincidofovir and our other product candidates will also be subject to additional ongoing regulatory requirements governing the labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, record-keeping and reporting of safety and  
  
   33 

other post-market information. In the United States, the holder of an approved NDA is obligated to monitor and report AEs and any failure of a product to meet the specifications in the NDA. The holder of an approved NDA must also submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. If a REMS is required, the NDA holder may be required to monitor and evaluate those in the healthcare system who are responsible for implementing ETASU measures. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws.  
    
  In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to payment of user fees and continual review and periodic inspections by regulatory authorities for compliance with current good manufacturing practices (cGMP), and adherence to commitments made in the application. If we, or a regulatory agency, discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as quality issues or AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions relative to that product or the manufacturing facility, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing.  
    
  If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements following approval of our product candidate, a regulatory agency may: 
             
    issue an untitled or warning letter asserting that we are in violation of the law; 
                
    seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 
                
    suspend or withdraw regulatory approval; 
                
    suspend any ongoing clinical trials; 
                
    refuse to approve a pending application or supplements to an application submitted by us; 
                
    recall and/or seize product; or 
                
    refuse to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. 
       
  Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize brincidofovir and our other product candidates and inhibit our ability to generate revenues. 
    
  Even if we obtain FDA approval for brincidofovir or any of our other products in the United States, we may never obtain approval for or commercialize brincidofovir or any of our other products outside of the United States, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential. 
    
  In order to market any products outside of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements on a country-by-country basis regarding safety and efficacy. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. In addition, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approval could result in difficulties and costs for us and require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials which could be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in any markets. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, or if regulatory approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our products will be unrealized.  
    
  Our relationships with investigators, health care professionals, consultants, third-party payers, and customers are subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
    
  Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescribing of any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current business operations and future arrangements with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payers and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the federal healthcare anti-kickback statute which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the  
     
   34 

purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid;  
             
    the federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties, including civil whistleblower or   qui tam   actions, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent or from knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;  
                
    the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) which, among other things, imposes criminal liability for knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payer (e.g., public or private) and knowingly or willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters; 
                
    HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) and its implementing regulations, and as amended again by the final HIPAA omnibus rule, Modifications to the HIPAA Privacy, Security, Enforcement, and Breach Notification Rules Under HITECH and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; Other Modifications to HIPAA, published in January 2013, which imposes certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, clearinghouses and healthcare providers; 
                
    the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs and devices; 
                
    the federal transparency law, enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Health Care Reform Law), and its implementing regulations, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies to report to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and  
                
    analogous state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by state governmental and non-governmental third-party payers, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; and state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities.  
       
  Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these or any other health regulatory laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses or divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they also may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including, but not limited to, exclusions from government funded healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business.  
     
  Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. 
    
  In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any products for which we obtain marketing approval.  

35 

In the United States, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Medicare Modernization Act) changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on average sales prices for physician-administered drugs. In addition, this legislation provided authority for limiting the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. Cost reduction initiatives and other provisions of this legislation could decrease the coverage and price that we receive for any approved products. While the Medicare Modernization Act applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payers often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Therefore, any reduction in reimbursement that results from the Medicare Modernization Act may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers.  
    
  More recently, in March 2010, the Health Care Reform Law was enacted to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for health care and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The Health Care Reform Law revises the definition of  average manufacturer price  for reporting purposes, which could increase the amount of Medicaid drug rebates to states. Further, the new law imposes a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products. New provisions affecting compliance have also been enacted, which may affect our business practices with health care practitioners. We will not know the full effects of the Health Care Reform Law until applicable federal and state agencies issue regulations or guidance under the new law.  
    
  Although it is too early to determine the effect of the Health Care Reform Law, the new law appears likely to continue the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing, especially under the Medicare program, and may also increase our regulatory burdens and operating costs.  
    
  Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We are not sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. 
    
  Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
    
  We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce our preclinical and clinical drug supplies, and we intend to rely on third parties to produce commercial supplies of any approved product candidates. 
    
  We do not own or operate, and we do not expect to own or operate, facilities for product manufacturing, storage and distribution, or testing. In the past, we have relied on third-party manufacturers for supply of our preclinical and clinical drug supplies. We expect that in the future we will continue to rely on such manufacturers for drug supply that will be used in clinical trials of our product candidates, including brincidofovir, and for commercialization of any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval. 
    
  Our reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks, including: 

inability to meet our product specifications and quality requirements consistently; 
                
    delay or inability to procure or expand sufficient manufacturing capacity; 
                
    manufacturing and product quality issues related to scale-up of manufacturing; 
                
    costs and validation of new equipment and facilities required for scale-up; 
                
    failure to comply with cGMP and similar foreign standards; 
                
    inability to negotiate manufacturing agreements with third parties under commercially reasonable terms; 
                
    termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; 
                
    reliance on a limited number of sources, and in some cases, single sources for product components, such that if we are unable to secure a sufficient supply of these product components, we will be unable to manufacture and sell our product candidates in a timely fashion, in sufficient quantities or under acceptable terms; 
                
    lack of qualified backup suppliers for those components that are currently purchased from a sole or single source supplier; 
                
    operations of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier; 
                
    carrier disruptions or increased costs that are beyond our control; and 
                
    failure to deliver our products under specified storage conditions and in a timely manner. 

36 

Any of these events could lead to clinical study delays, failure to obtain regulatory approval or impact our ability to successfully commercialize our products. Some of these events could be the basis for FDA action, including injunction, recall, seizure, or total or partial suspension of production. 
    
  We rely on limited sources of supply for the drug component for our lead product candidate, brincidofovir, and any disruption in the chain of supply may cause delay in developing and commercializing brincidofovir.* 
    
  Manufacturing of drug components is subject to certain FDA and comparable foreign qualifications with respect to manufacturing standards. We are currently validating the drug substance manufacturing process at our selected contractor that will produce the commercial supply of drug substance and have selected commercial tablet and suspension manufacturers to optimize tablet and suspension formulation production to meet forecasted commercial demand. There can be no assurance that such transfer to the selected vendors will be successful. It is our expectation that only one supplier of drug substance and one supplier of drug product will be qualified as vendors with the FDA. If supply from an approved vendor is interrupted, there could be a significant disruption in commercial supply of brincidofovir. An alternative vendor would need to be qualified through an NDA supplement which could result in further delay. The FDA or other regulatory agencies outside of the United States may also require additional studies if a new drug substance or drug product supplier is relied upon for commercial production.  
    
  These factors could cause the delay of clinical trials, regulatory submissions, required approvals or commercialization of brincidofovir, and cause us to incur additional costs. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities of active pharmaceutical ingredient on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, and we are unable to secure one or more replacement suppliers capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost, our clinical trials for brincidofovir may be delayed, which could inhibit our ability to generate revenues.  
    
  Manufacturing issues may arise that could increase product and regulatory approval costs or delay commercialization of brincidofovir.* 
    
  We have validated processes for drug substance and drug product production for brincidofovir at scales that are well in excess of our anticipated commercial scale. We are currently revalidating our drug substance process, and will begin revalidating our drug product process, using our current commercial processes at our intended commercial scale with our intended commercial manufacturers.  
    
  The validation processes, along with ongoing stability studies and analyses we are conducting, may reveal difficulties in our processes which could require resolution in order to proceed with our planned clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval for the commercial marketing of brincidofovir. In the future, we may identify significant impurities, which could result in increased scrutiny by the regulatory agencies, delays in clinical program and regulatory approval for brincidofovir, increases in our operating expenses, or failure to obtain or maintain approval for brincidofovir. 
    
  We depend on the continuation of our current collaboration with ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, who is currently responsible for developing and commercializing CMX157. 
    
  In 2014, we entered into a licensing arrangement with ContraVir, whereby ContraVir is responsible for the future development and commercialization of CMX157. Under this arrangement, ContraVir is responsible for conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining required regulatory approvals for CMX157, and manufacturing and commercializing CMX157. Our right to receive milestone and royalty payments under the licensing agreement depends on the achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones by ContraVir. 
    
  The development and commercialization of CMX157 and our ability to receive potential milestones and royalty payments under the license agreement with ContraVir, would be adversely affected if ContraVir: 

lacks or does not devote sufficient time and resources to the development and commercialization of CMX157; 
                
    lacks or does not devote sufficient capital to fund the development and commercialization of CMX157; 
                
    develops, either alone or with others, products that compete with CMX157; 
                
    fails to gain the requisite regulatory approvals for CMX157; 
                
    does not successfully commercialize CMX157; 
                
    does not conduct its activities in a timely manner; 
                
    terminates its license with us; 
                
    does not effectively pursue and enforce intellectual property rights relating to CMX157; or 
                
    merges with a third-party that wants to terminate the collaboration. 

37 

We have limited or no control over the occurrence of any of the foregoing. Furthermore, disagreements with ContraVir could lead to litigation or arbitration, which could be time-consuming and expensive. If any of these issues arise, it may delay the development and commercialization milestones and royalties based on further development and sales of CMX157.  
    
  We rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical studies and related data, and if those third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, it may harm our business. 
    
  We rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials. While we have agreements governing their activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance. We have relied and plan to continue to rely upon CROs to monitor and manage data for our ongoing clinical programs for brincidofovir and our other product candidates, as well as the execution of nonclinical studies. We control only certain aspects of our CROs  activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards and our reliance on CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.  
    
  We and our CROs are required to comply with the FDA s guidance, which follows the International Conference on Harmonization Good Clinical Practice (ICH GCP), which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA for all of our product candidates in clinical development. The FDA enforces the ICH GCP through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with the ICH GCP, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. In addition, our Phase 3 clinical trials for brincidofovir will require a sufficiently large number of test subjects to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of brincidofovir. Accordingly, if our CROs fail to comply with these regulations or fail to recruit a sufficient number of subjects, we may be required to repeat these Phase 3 clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process.  
    
  Our CROs are not our employees, and we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. These CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical studies, or other drug development activities which could harm our competitive position. We face the risk of potential unauthorized disclosure or misappropriation of our intellectual property by CROs, which may reduce our trade secret protection and allow our potential competitors to access and exploit our proprietary technology.  
    
  If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations, fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for any other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize brincidofovir or our other product candidates. Disagreements with our CROs over contractual issues, including performance, compliance or compensation could lead to termination of CRO agreements and/or delays in our clinical program and risks to the accuracy and usability of clinical data. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for brincidofovir and any other product candidates that we develop would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.  
    
  Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
    
  The commercial success of brincidofovir and our other product candidates will depend upon the acceptance of these products by the medical community, including physicians, patients, pharmacists and health care payers. 
    
  If any of our product candidates, including brincidofovir, receive marketing approval, they may nonetheless not gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payers and others in the medical community. If these products do not achieve an adequate level of market acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of any of our product candidates, including brincidofovir, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration of clinical safety and efficacy in our clinical trials; 
                
    relative convenience, ease of administration and acceptance by physicians, patients, pharmacists and health care payers; 
                
    prevalence and severity of any AEs; 
                
    limitations or warnings contained in the FDA-approved label for the relevant product candidate; 
                
    availability of alternative treatments; 
                
    pricing and cost-effectiveness; 
                
    effectiveness of our or any future collaborators  sales and marketing strategies; 
                
    ability to obtain hospital formulary approval;  
     
   38 

ability to ensure availability for product through appropriate channels; 
                
    ability to maintain adequate inventory; and 
                
    ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement, which may vary from country to country. 
       
  If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may be unable to generate any revenue. 
    
  We currently do not have an organization for the sales and distribution of pharmaceutical products. The cost of establishing and maintaining such an organization may exceed the cost-effectiveness of doing so. In order to market any products that may be approved, including brincidofovir, we must establish our sales, marketing, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. We may enter into strategic partnerships with third parties to commercialize our product candidates, including brincidofovir.  
    
  Our strategy for brincidofovir is to establish a specialty sales force and/or collaborate with third parties to promote the product to healthcare professionals and third-party payers in the United States and elsewhere. We may elect to launch with a contract sales organization and utilize accompanying commercial support services provided by a contract sales organization. Our future collaboration partners, if any, may not dedicate sufficient resources to the commercialization of our product candidates or may otherwise fail in their commercialization due to factors beyond our control. If we are unable to establish effective collaborations to enable the distribution and sale of our product candidates to healthcare professionals and in geographical regions, including the United States, that are not covered by our own marketing and sales force, or if our potential future collaboration partners do not successfully commercialize our product candidates, our ability to generate revenues from product sales, including sales of brincidofovir, will be adversely affected. 
    
  Establishing an internal sales force involves many challenges, including: 

recruiting and retaining talented people; 
                
    training employees that we recruit; 
                
    establishing compliance standards; 
                
    setting the appropriate system of incentives; 
                
    managing additional headcount; 
                
    ensuring that appropriate support functions are in place to support sales force organizational needs; and 
                
    integrating a new business unit into an existing corporate architecture. 
       
  If we are unable to establish our own sales force or negotiate a strategic partnership for the commercialization of brincidofovir in any markets, we may be forced to delay the potential commercialization of brincidofovir in those markets, reduce the scope of our sales or marketing activities for brincidofovir in those markets or undertake the commercialization activities for brincidofovir in those markets at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund commercialization activities ourselves, we will need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we will not be able to bring brincidofovir to market or generate product revenue. Limited or lack of funding will impede our ability to achieve successful commercialization. 
    
  If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, we may not be able to generate sufficient product revenue and may not become profitable. We will be competing with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations. Without an internal team or the support of a third party to perform marketing and sales functions, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies.  
    
  In addition, there are risks involved with both establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales, marketing and market access personnel.  

39 

If we obtain approval to commercialize any products outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect our business. 
    
  If our product candidates are approved for commercialization, we may enter into agreements with third parties to market those product candidates outside the United States, including brincidofovir. We expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including: 

different regulatory requirements for drug approvals in foreign countries; 
                
    reduced protection for intellectual property rights; 
                
    unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory and labor requirements; 
                
    economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 
                
    compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
                
    foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
                
    foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
                
    workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
                
    production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 
                
    business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires. 
       
  We have limited experience in these areas. In addition, there are complex regulatory, tax, labor and other legal requirements imposed by both the European Union and many of the individual countries in Europe with which we will need to comply. Many U.S.-based biopharmaceutical companies have found the process of marketing their own products outside the United States to be very challenging.  
    
  We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively.* 
    
  The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive. We have competitors both in the United States and internationally, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and universities and other research institutions.  
    
  Based on market research, competing products that are currently used to treat AdV and/or CMV include and are not limited to: 

Vistide  (cidofovir for injection), marketed by Gilead Sciences, Inc. and generic manufacturers; 
                
    oral and intravenous ganciclovir, a drug that is sold by generic manufacturers; 
                
    Valcyte  (valganciclovir), a prodrug of ganciclovir that is marketed by Genentech, Inc. and generic manufacturers; 
                
    foscarnet sodium for injection available through generic manufacturers; 
                
    acyclovir, a drug that is sold by generic manufacturers; and  
                
    investigational patient-specific T-cell therapies. 
       
  Other product candidates currently in development may compete against brincidofovir for the prevention or mitigation of AdV and/or CMV infection in a variety of settings, including: 

letermovir, an anti-CMV drug being developed pursuant to an exclusive worldwide license agreement between AiCuris GmbH   Co. KG and Merck;  
                
    maribavir (SHP620) from Shire for CMV infections in transplant recipients; 
                
    ASP0113 (TransVax), a CMV prevention vaccine, licensed to Astellas Pharma Inc. from Vical Incorporated and in development by Astellas and Vical; and 
                
    patient-specific T-cell therapies directed at antigens of CMV and other DNA viruses, including AdV. 
       
  Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, commercial and other resources, such as larger research and development staff, stronger intellectual property portfolios and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. 
    
  Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive  
  
   40 

basis, drug products that are more effective or less costly than brincidofovir or any other drug candidate that we are currently developing or that we may develop.  
    
  We will face competition from other drugs currently approved or that will be approved in the future for the same indications. Therefore, our ability to compete successfully will depend largely on our ability to:   

discover and develop medicines that are superior to other products in the market; 
                
    demonstrate through our clinical trials that our product candidates, including brincidofovir, are differentiated from existing and future therapies; 
                
    evaluate new potential indications across the lifecycle of brincidofovir; 
                
    attract qualified scientific, product development and commercial personnel; 
                
    obtain and successfully defend and enforce patent and/or other proprietary protection for our medicines and technologies; 
                
    obtain required regulatory approvals; 
                
    successfully collaborate with pharmaceutical companies in the discovery, development and commercialization of new medicines; 
                
    deliver a competitive value proposition compared to established competition and/or competitors who will enter the market before or after any of our product candidates, including brincidofovir; and 
                
    negotiate competitive pricing and reimbursement with third-party payers. 
       
  The availability of our competitors  products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for brincidofovir and any other product candidate we develop. We will not achieve our business plan if the acceptance of brincidofovir is inhibited by price competition or reimbursement issues or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing drug products to brincidofovir, or if physicians switch to other new drug products or choose to reserve brincidofovir for use in limited circumstances. The inability to compete with existing or subsequently introduced drug products would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
    
  Established pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make our product candidates, including brincidofovir, less competitive. In addition, any new product that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially successful. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA approval or discovering, developing and commercializing medicines before we do, which would have a material adverse impact on our business. 
    
  New technologies or procedures could be developed that would change or restrict the number of patients undergoing hematopoietic cell or solid organ transplants. A reduction in the number of transplants could negatively impact our commercial business by decreasing sales of our products and limiting peak sales potential. 
    
  Hospital formulary approval and reimbursement may not be available for brincidofovir and our other product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our products profitably. 
    
  Obtaining hospital formulary approval can be an expensive and time-consuming process. We cannot be certain if and when we will obtain formulary approval to allow us to sell our product candidates, including brincidofovir, into our target markets. Failure to obtain timely formulary approval will limit our commercial success.  
    
  Furthermore, market acceptance and sales of brincidofovir, or any other product candidates that we develop, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payers, such as private health insurers, hospitals and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-party payers have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Obtaining reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with products administered under the supervision of a physician. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for brincidofovir, or any other product candidates.  
    
  Also, reimbursement amounts may reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize brincidofovir, or any other product candidates that we develop.  

41 

There have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in the United States and in some foreign jurisdictions that could affect our ability to sell any future products profitably. These legislative and regulatory changes may negatively impact the reimbursement for any future products, following approval. The availability of generic treatments may also substantially reduce the likelihood of reimbursement for any future products, including brincidofovir. The application of user fees to generic drug products will likely expedite the approval of additional generic drug treatments. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of brincidofovir and any other product candidate that we develop, due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. In addition, there may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or regulatory authorities in other countries. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new products, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payers and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payers often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies.  
    
  Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government funded and private payers for any of our product candidates, including brincidofovir, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. 
    
  We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
    
  The success of our business depends primarily upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize product candidates. Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates for specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. 
    
  Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons, including: 

our research methodology or that of our collaboration partners may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates; 
                
    our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval; and 
                
    our collaboration partners may change their development profiles for potential product candidates or abandon a therapeutic area. 
       
  If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. We may focus our research efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful.  
    
  If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights.  
    
  Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
    
  If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our products and product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 
    
  We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our products and product candidates. The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover the products in the United States or in other countries. If this were to occur, early generic competition could be expected against brincidofovir and any other product candidates in development. There is no assurance that  
  
   42 

all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing based on a pending patent application. Even if patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability, scope or ownership, which may result in such patents, or our rights to such patents, being narrowed or invalidated.  
    
  Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the patent applications we hold or license with respect to brincidofovir fail to issue or if their breadth or strength of protection is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our products. We cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will issue or whether any issued patents will be found not invalid and not unenforceable, will go unthreatened by third parties or will adequately protect our products and product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market brincidofovir under patent protection could be reduced. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, and some remain so until issued, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to brincidofovir or our other product candidates. Furthermore, if third parties have filed such patent applications, an interference proceeding in the United States can be provoked by a third party or instituted by us to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license it from the prevailing party, which may not be possible. In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and other elements of our drug discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. Although we expect all of our employees to assign their inventions to us, and all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, that such agreements provide adequate protection and will not be breached, that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not otherwise be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. If we are unable to prevent material disclosure of the non-patented intellectual property related to our technologies to third parties, and there is no guarantee that we will have any such enforceable trade secret protection, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
    
  Further, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect patents and other proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property abroad. We may also fail to pursue or obtain patents and other intellectual property protection relating to our products and product candidates in all foreign countries.  
    
  Finally, certain of our activities and our licensors  activities have been funded, and may in the future be funded, by the U.S. federal government. When new technologies are developed with U.S. federal government funding, the government obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a nonexclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise  march-in  rights to use or allow third parties to use our patented technology. The government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the U.S. government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, U.S. government-funded inventions must be reported to the government, U.S. government funding must be disclosed in any resulting patent applications, and our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products in the United States. 
    
  Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts or otherwise affect our business. 
    
  Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement and other violations of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions and inter party reexamination proceedings before the United States Patent and Trademark Office (U.S. PTO) and its foreign counterparts. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we and our collaborators are developing product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, and as we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company, the risk increases that our product candidates or other business activities may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent and other proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of  
  
   43 

manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of brincidofovir and/or our other product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of any of our product candidates, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire.  
    
  Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, we may be subject to claims that we are infringing other intellectual property rights, such as trademarks or copyrights, or misappropriating the trade secrets of others, and to the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use intellectual property or proprietary information owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions.  
    
  Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful infringement or other intellectual property claim against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys  fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our affected products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates, and we have done so from time to time. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our products or product candidates, resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties. 
    
  We license certain key intellectual property from third parties, and the loss of our license rights could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
    
  We are a party to a number of technology licenses that are important to our business and expect to enter into additional licenses in the future. For example, we rely on an exclusive license to certain patents, proprietary technology and know-how from The Regents of the University of California (UC), which we believe cover brincidofovir. If we fail to comply with our obligations under our agreement with UC or our other license agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market products covered by the license, including in the case of the UC license, brincidofovir, which would have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
    
  We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
    
  Competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file legal claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. The initiation of a claim against a third party may also cause the third party to bring counter-claims against us.  
    
  We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. Our business could be harmed if in a litigation the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Any litigation or other proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights may fail, and even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees.  
    
  Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could  
  
   44 

also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
    
  Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
    
  Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the U.S. PTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The U.S. PTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process.  
    
  While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we or our licensors that control the prosecution and maintenance of our licensed patents fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates, we may lose our rights and our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
    
  Risks Related to Our United States Government Contracts and Grants 
    
  All of our immediately foreseeable future revenues to support the development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox are dependent upon our contract with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), and if we do not receive all of the funds under the BARDA contract we anticipate that we will suspend or terminate our smallpox program.* 
    
  Substantially all of our revenues that support the development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox have been derived from prior government grants and our current development contract with BARDA. Our contract with BARDA is for the development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox. It is divided into a base segment and four option segments. We substantially completed performance under the first option segment of the contract in August 2014 and are currently performing under the second and third option segments of the contract which are scheduled to end in June 2017 and January 2017, respectively. Subsequent option segments are not subject to automatic renewal and are not exercisable at our discretion. There can be no assurance that we will reach agreement with BARDA on the most appropriate development pathway or that the FDA will ultimately agree with the experiments which we perform or the appropriateness of the results of these experiments for approval of brincidofovir for smallpox. In addition, there can be no assurance that any of the subsequent option segments will be exercised or that we will continue to receive revenues under this contract once the current option segment is completed. We do not anticipate continuing this program without ongoing support from BARDA.  
    
  Additionally, the contract provides for reimbursement of the costs of the development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox that are allowable under the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), plus the payment of a fixed fee. It does not include the manufacture of brincidofovir for the Strategic National Stockpile. There can be no assurances that this contract will continue, that BARDA will extend the contract for additional option segments, that any such extension would be on favorable terms, or that we will be able to enter into new contracts with the United States government to support our smallpox program. Changes in government budgets and agendas may result in a decreased and de-prioritized emphasis on supporting the discovery and development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox. In such event, BARDA is not required to continue funding our existing contract. Any such reduction in our revenues from BARDA or any other government contract could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if we do not receive all of the funds under the BARDA contract, we anticipate that we will suspend or terminate our program for the development of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox. 
    
  There can be no assurances that we will be able to enter into a contract with BARDA to act as the sole supplier for the procurement of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox.* 
    
  In April 2015, BARDA posted a notice of intent to use other than full and open competition to award a sole source contract to us for the procurement of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox. In May 2015, BARDA posted an approved justification for the use of other than full and open competition for the contract. In July 2015, BARDA issued a related request for proposal (RFP) to us entitled  2015 Procurement of a Second Smallpox Antiviral Drug for the Strategic National Stockpile." Notwithstanding the issuance of the RFP, there can be no assurances that we will enter into a contract with BARDA to act as the sole supplier for the procurement of brincidofovir for the treatment of smallpox. 

45 

Before we can enter into the contract we must negotiate its terms, including the price and delivery schedule. In addition, as a governmental agency, BARDA s ability to enter into a contract is subject to continued funding for this purpose, which can change at any time. In August 2015, we submitted a response to the RFP and we subsequently engaged in discussions with BARDA regarding our response. We understand that BARDA had intended to make a contract award on or prior to September 30, 2015, the end of the U.S. government's fiscal year, but the contract award was postponed due to a delay in Congressional approval for the necessary appropriations. Reprioritization in BARDA's budget has resulted in negotiations being delayed until the U.S. government's 2017 fiscal year at the earliest. There are no assurances that negotiations will resume in a timely manner, if at all. 
    
  Unfavorable provisions in government contracts, including our contract with BARDA, may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
    
  United States government contracts typically contain unfavorable provisions and are subject to audit and modification by the government at its sole discretion, which will subject us to additional risks. For example, under our contract with BARDA, the U.S. government has the power to unilaterally: 

audit and object to any BARDA contract-related costs and fees on grounds that they are not allowable under the FAR, and require us to reimburse all such costs and fees; 
                
    suspend or prevent us for a set period of time from receiving new contracts or extending our existing contract based on violations or suspected violations of laws or regulations; 
                
    claim nonexclusive, nontransferable rights to product manufactured and intellectual property developed under the BARDA contract and may, under certain circumstances, such as circumstances involving public health and safety, license such inventions to third parties without our consent; 
                
    cancel, terminate or suspend our BARDA contract based on violations or suspected violations of laws or regulations; 
                
    terminate our BARDA contract in whole or in part for the convenience of the government for any reason or no reason, including if funds become unavailable to the applicable governmental agency; 
                
    reduce the scope and value of our BARDA contract; 
                
    decline to exercise an option to continue the BARDA contract; 
                
    direct the course of a development program in a manner not chosen by the government contractor; 
                
    require us to perform the option segments even if doing so may cause us to forego or delay the pursuit of other opportunities with greater commercial potential; 
                
    take actions that result in a longer development timeline than expected; and 
                
    change certain terms and conditions in our BARDA contract. 
       
  The U.S. government also has the right to terminate the BARDA contract if termination is in the government s interest, or if we default by failing to perform in accordance with the milestones set forth in the contract. Termination-for-convenience provisions generally enable us to recover only our costs incurred or committed (plus a portion of the agreed fee) and settlement expenses on the work completed prior to termination. Except for the amount of services received by the government, termination-for-default provisions do not permit recovery of fees. 
    
  In addition, we must comply with numerous laws and regulations that affect how we conduct business with the United States government. Among the most significant government contracting regulations that affect our business are: 

FAR, and agency-specific regulations supplements to the FAR, which comprehensively regulate the procurement, formation, administration and performance of government contracts and implement federal procurement policy in numerous areas, such as employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy and retention periods of records, recording and charging of costs, treatment of laboratory animals and human subject research; 
                
    business ethics and public integrity obligations, which govern conflicts of interest and the hiring of former government employees, restrict the granting of gratuities and funding of lobbying activities and incorporate other requirements such as the Anti-Kickback Act and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 
                
    export and import control laws and regulations; and 
                
    laws, regulations and executive orders restricting the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes and the exportation of certain products and technical data. 
       
  Furthermore, we may be required to enter into agreements and subcontracts with third parties, including suppliers, consultants and other third-party contractors, in order to satisfy our contractual obligations pursuant to our agreements with the U.S. government. Negotiating and entering into such arrangements can be time-consuming and we may not be able to reach agreement with such third parties. Any such agreement must also be compliant with the terms of our government contract. Any delay or inability to enter into such arrangements or entering into such arrangements in a manner that is non-compliant with the terms of our contract, may result in violations of our contract.  
  
   46 

As a result of these unfavorable provisions, we must undertake significant compliance activities. The diversion of resources from commercial programs to these compliance activities, as well as the exercise by the U.S. government of any rights under these provisions, could materially harm our business. 
    
  Our business is subject to audit by the U.S. government, including under our contract with BARDA, and a negative audit could adversely affect our business. 
    
  United States government agencies, such as the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), routinely audit and investigate government contractors and recipients of federal grants, including our contract with BARDA. These agencies review a contractor s performance under its contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. 
    
  The DHHS can also review the adequacy of, and a contractor s compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor s purchasing, property, estimating, compensation and management information systems. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, while such costs already reimbursed must be refunded. If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including: 

termination of contracts; 
                
    forfeiture of profits; 
                
    suspension of payments; 
                
    fines; and 
                
    suspension or prohibition from conducting business with the U.S. government. 
       
  In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us by the U.S. government, which could adversely affect our business. 
    
  Agreements with government agencies may lead to claims against us under the Federal False Claims Act, and these claims could result in substantial fines and other penalties. 
    
  The biopharmaceutical industry is, and in recent years has been, under heightened scrutiny as the subject of government investigations and enforcement actions. Our BARDA contract is subject to substantial financial penalties under the Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Act and the Federal Civil False Claims Act (False Claims Act). The False Claims Act imposes liability on any person who, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim paid or approved by the government. Under the False Claims Act s  whistleblower  provisions, private enforcement of fraud claims against businesses on behalf of the U.S. government has increased due in part to amendments to the False Claims Act that encourage private individuals to sue on behalf of the government. These whistleblower suits, known as   qui     tam   actions, may be filed by private individuals, including present and former employees. The False Claims Act provides for treble damages and up to $11,000 per false claim. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws, or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, exclusions, curtailment, or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.  
    
  Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Industry 
    
  Increasing demand for compassionate use of our unapproved therapies could result in losses. 
    
  We are developing brincidofovir for life-threatening illness for which there are currently limited to no available therapeutic options. During 2014, we were the target of an active and disruptive social media campaign related to a request for access to our unapproved drug, brincidofovir. If we experience similar social media campaigns in the future, we may experience significant disruption to our business which could result in losses. 
    
  Recent media attention to individual patients' expanded access requests has resulted in the introduction of legislation at the local and national level referred to as "Right to Try" laws which are intended to give patients access to unapproved therapies. New and emerging legislation regarding expanded access to unapproved drugs for life-threatening illnesses could negatively impact our business in the future. 

47 

A possible consequence of both activism and legislation in this area is the need for us to initiate an unanticipated expanded access program or to make brincidofovir more widely available sooner than anticipated. We are a small company with limited resources and unanticipated trials or access programs could result in diversion of resources from our primary goals. 
    
  In addition, patients who receive access to unapproved drugs through compassionate use or expanded access programs have life-threatening illnesses and have exhausted all other available therapies. The risk for serious adverse events in this patient population is high which could have a negative impact on the safety profile of brincidofovir, which could cause significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize brincidofovir, which would materially harm our business. 
    
  If we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the health care industry, we could face increased costs, delays in the development of our product candidates, penalties and a loss of business. 
    
  Our activities, and the activities of our collaborators, partners and third-party providers, are subject to extensive government regulation and oversight both in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. The FDA and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions directly regulate many of our most critical business activities, including the conduct of preclinical and clinical studies, product manufacturing, advertising and promotion, product distribution, adverse event reporting and product risk management. States increasingly have been placing greater restrictions on the marketing practices of healthcare companies. In addition, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have been the target of lawsuits and investigations alleging violations of government regulations, including claims asserting submission of incorrect pricing information, impermissible off-label promotion of pharmaceutical products, payments intended to influence the referral of federal or state healthcare business, submission of false claims for government reimbursement, antitrust violations, violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or violations related to environmental matters. Violations of governmental regulation may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. In addition to penalties for violation of laws and regulations, we could be required to delay or terminate the development of our product candidates, or we could be required to repay amounts we received from government payers, or pay additional rebates and interest if we are found to have miscalculated the pricing information we have submitted to the government. Whether or not we have complied with the law, an investigation into alleged unlawful conduct could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, divert management time and attention and adversely affect our business. 
    
  Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.* 
    
  We are highly dependent on the principal members of our executive team. While we have entered into employment agreements or offer letters with each of our executive officers, any of them could leave our employment at any time, as all of our employees are  at will  employees. To help attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees, we use share-based incentive awards such as employee stock options and restricted stock units. Due to the decline in our stock price that occurred in December 2015, a large percentage of the options held by our employees are underwater.  As of   September 30, 2016  , greater than 90% of all outstanding options had an exercise price below the closing price of the stock on that date. As a result, the current situation provides a considerable challenge to maintaining employee motivation, as well as creating a serious threat to retention until a recovery commences. In May 2016 in order to address the issue of employee retention we granted a total of 1.2 million restricted stock units to employees and executives with vesting over 18 and 36 months respectively. If our share-based compensation ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees could be weakened, which could harm our results of operations. 
    
  We do not maintain  key person  insurance for any of our executives or other employees. Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, will also be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage of appropriately skilled executives in our industry, which is likely to continue. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. As a result, competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. In addition, failure of any of our clinical studies may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability to recruit or loss of the services of any executive or key employee may adversely affect the progress of our research, development and commercialization objectives.  
    
  In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us, which could also adversely affect the progress of our research, development and commercialization objectives. 

48 

Potential product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
    
  The use of our product candidates, including brincidofovir, in clinical studies and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated adverse effects. If we cannot successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

impairment of our business reputation and significant negative media attention; 
                
    withdrawal of participants from our clinical studies; 
                
    significant costs to defend the related litigation and related litigation; 
                
    distraction of management s attention from our primary business; 
                
    substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 
                
    inability to commercialize our product candidates, including brincidofovir; and 
                
    decreased demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. 
       
  We currently carry $15 million in product liability insurance covering our clinical trials. Our current product liability insurance coverage may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and in the future we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If and when we obtain marketing approval for our product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business. 
    
  Risks associated with expanding our operations to Europe could adversely affect our business. 
    
  We currently have limited operations in Europe and plan to expand the scope of development activities taking place there. We have limited experience with conducting activities outside of the United States. International operations and business expansion plans are subject to numerous additional risks, including: 

multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, privacy regulations, export and import restrictions, employment, immigration and labor laws, regulatory requirements, and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 
                
    difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
                
    risks associated with obtaining and maintaining, or the failure to obtain or maintain, regulatory approvals for the sale or use of our products in various countries; 
                
    complexities associated with managing government payer systems, multiple payer-reimbursement regimes or patient self-pay systems; 
                
    financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
                
    general political and economic conditions in the countries in operate, including terrorism and political unrest, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 
                
    regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over activities that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, its books and records provisions or its anti-bribery provisions, or similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws and regulations. 
       
  Any of these risks, if encountered, could significantly increase our costs of operating internationally, prevent us from operating in certain jurisdictions, or otherwise significantly harm our future international expansion and operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

49 

Risks Related To Our Common Stock 
    
  The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above your purchase price. 
    
  Prior to our initial public offering (IPO) in 2013, there was no public market for our common stock. The trading price of our common stock has been volatile, and is likely to continue to be volatile for the foreseeable future. Our stock price is subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including the following: 

results of clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors; 
                
    any delay in filing an application for any of our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to regulatory review of that application; 
                
    failure to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates, including brincidofovir; 
                
    termination of any of our license or collaboration agreements; 
                
    any agency or judicial enforcement actions against us; 
                
    inability to obtain additional funding; 
                
    regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries applicable to our product candidates; 
                
    adverse regulatory decisions; 
                
    changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
                
    inability to obtain adequate product supply for our product candidates, or the inability to do so at acceptable prices; 
                
    introduction of new products, services or technologies by our competitors; 
                
    failure to meet or exceed financial projections we provide to the public; 
                
    failure to meet or exceed the estimates and projections of the investment community; 
                
    changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
                
    market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors, and the issuance of new or changed securities analysts  reports or recommendations; 
                
    announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 
                
    significant lawsuits (including patent or stockholder litigation), and disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights (including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies); 
                
    additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 
                
    sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 
                
    trading volume of our common stock; 
                
    general economic, industry and market conditions; and 
                
    the other factors described in this  Risk Factors  section. 
       
  In addition, the stock market in general, and The NASDAQ Global Market in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 
    
  Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval.* 
    
  Based upon shares of common stock outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , our executive officers, directors, 5% stockholders (known to us through available information) and their affiliates beneficially owned approximately   36.6%   of our voting stock. Therefore, these stockholders have the ability to substantially influence us through this ownership position. For example, these stockholders, if they choose to act together, may be able to influence the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This concentration of voting power could delay or prevent an acquisition of our company on terms that other stockholders may desire.  
    
  Failure to establish and maintain adequate finance infrastructure and accounting systems and controls could impair our ability to comply with the financial reporting and internal controls requirements for publicly traded companies. 
    
  As a public company, we operate in an increasingly demanding regulatory environment, which requires us to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the related rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, expanded disclosure requirements, accelerated reporting requirements and more complex accounting rules. Company responsibilities required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act include establishing and maintaining corporate oversight and adequate internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and  
  
   50 

are important to help prevent financial fraud.  
    
  Our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has required and will continue to require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. In this or future years, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls that we would be required to remediate in a timely manner so as to be able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act each year. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner each year, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the NASDAQ Stock Market or other regulatory authorities which would require additional financial and management resources and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, if we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and results of operations could be harmed and investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information.  
    
  Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
    
  We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders.  
    
  Pursuant to our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan), our management is authorized to grant stock options to our employees, directors and consultants. The number of shares available for future grant under our 2013 Plan will automatically increase on January 1st each year, through January 1, 2023, by an amount equal to 4.0% of all shares of our capital stock outstanding as of December 31st of the preceding calendar year, subject to the ability of our board of directors to take action to reduce the size of such increase in any given year. In addition, our board of directors may grant or provide for the grant of rights to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to the terms of our 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our ESPP will automatically increase on January 1st each year, through January 1, 2023, by an amount equal to the lesser of 422,535 shares or one percent of all shares of our capital stock outstanding as of December 31st of the preceding calendar year, subject to the ability of our board of directors to take action to reduce the size of such increase in any given year. Unless our board of directors elects not to increase the number of shares underlying our 2013 Plan and ESPP each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall.  
    
  We have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from our financing transactions and may not use them effectively. 
    
  Our management has broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from our financing transactions. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of the net proceeds from our financing transactions, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our common stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. Pending their use, we have invested the net proceeds from our financing transactions in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. These investments may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders.  
    
  Volatility in our stock price could subject us to securities class action litigation.* 
    
  In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years, and also because our stock price decreased significantly following announcement of results from our Phase 3 SUPPRESS trial. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
    
  Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
    
  Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change,  generally defined as a greater than 50 percent change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income may be limited. We have determined that a Section 382 ownership change occurred in 2002 and 2007  
  
   51 

resulting in limitations of at least $64,000 and $762,000, respectively, of losses incurred prior to the respective ownership change dates. In addition, we have determined that another Section 382 ownership change occurred in 2013 with our IPO, our most recent private placement and other transactions that have occurred since 2007, resulting in a limitation of at least $6.7 million of losses incurred prior to the ownership change date. We may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards to offset United States federal taxable income may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability. 
    
  Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, would be your sole source of gain. 
    
  We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock would be your sole source of gain on an investment in our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
    
  Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
    
  Some provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. These provisions include: 

authorizing the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval which could be used to institute a  poison pill  that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors; 
                
    allowing the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 
                
    limiting the removal of directors; 
                
    creating a staggered board of directors; 
                
    requiring that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibiting stockholder actions by written consent; 
                
    eliminating the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; and 
                
    establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at duly called stockholder meetings. 
       
  The amendment of any of these provisions, with the exception of the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and designate any rights, preferences and privileges thereto, would require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 percent of the voting power of all of our then outstanding common stock. 
    
  These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless such transactions are approved by our board of directors. This provision could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, whether or not it is desired by or beneficial to our stockholders. Further, other provisions of Delaware law may also discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring us or merging with us. 
    
  Risks Related to Information Technology 
    
  Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business.  
    
  Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology (IT) systems, including Internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our IT systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, malicious intrusion, and computer viruses, which may result in the impairment of our ability to operate our business effectively.  

52 

In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches-whether by employees or others-which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, business partners and others.  
    
  Any such disruption or security breach could result in legal proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruptions to our operations and collaborations, and damage to our reputation, which could harm our business and results of operations.  
    
  Increasing use of social media could give rise to liability, breaches of data security, or reputational damage. 
    
  We and our employees are increasingly utilizing social media tools as a means of communication both internally and externally. Despite our efforts to monitor evolving social media communication guidelines and comply with applicable rules, there is risk that the use of social media by us or our employees to communicate about our products or business may cause us to be found in violation of applicable requirements. In addition, our employees may knowingly or inadvertently make use of social media in ways that may not comply with our social media policy or other legal or contractual requirements, which may give rise to liability, lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or result in public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. Furthermore, negative posts or comments about us or our products in social media could seriously damage our reputation, brand image, and goodwill.  

ITEM 2.         UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
    
  The Company did not issue any unregistered shares of its common stock or other securities during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  Purchase of Equity Securities 
    
  We did not purchase any of our registered securities during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 3.     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    
  None. 

ITEM 4.     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.     OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  Not applicable. 

53 

ITEM 6.     EXHIBITS 
    
  The following exhibits are filed as part of this report:  
                   Number 
      
    Description 
      3.1(1) 
      
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 

3.2(1) 
      
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 

4.1(2) 
      
    Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant. 

4.2(2) 
      
    Form of Warrant to Purchase Stock issued to participants in the Registrant's Series F Preferred Stock financing dated February 7, 2011. 

4.3(2) 
      
    Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated February 7, 2011 by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders. 

4.4(3) 
      
    Amendment to Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated October 29, 2014 by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders. 

10.1* 

Contract modification No. 34, dated August 3, 2016, to the contract by and between the Registrant and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority of the United States Department of Health and Human Services dated February 16, 2011, as amended. 

10.2 
      
    Form of Stock Option Agreement, Notice of Exercise and Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice under Chimerix, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 

31.1 
      
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
      
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
      
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

* 
    Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC. 

54 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CHIMERIX, INC. 

November 7, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ M. Michelle Berrey 

M. Michelle Berrey, MD, MPH 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 7, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Timothy W. Trost 

Timothy W. Trost 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

55 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a20160930cmrxex-101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

***Text Omitted and Filed Separately 
  with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  Confidential Treatment Requested 
  Under 17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4)  
  and Rule 240.24b-2  
                                           AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT 
    1.   CONTRACT ID CODE 
     PAGE   OF   PAGES 
      1 
    3 
      
      2.  AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION NO. 
    3.  EFFECTIVE DATE 
    4.  REQUISITION/PURCHASE REQ. NO. 
     5.  PROJECT NO.   (if applicable) 
      0034 
    See Block 16C 
    OS161878 
      
      6.  ISSUED BY 
    CODE 
    ASPR-BARDA 
    7.  ADMINISTERED BY   (If other than Item 6) 
    
    CODE 
    ASPR-BARDA02 
      ASPR-BARDA 
  200 Independence Ave., S.W. 
  Room 640-G 
  Washington DC 20201 
    
    ASPR-BARDA 
  330 Independence Ave, SW, Rm G640 
  Washington DC 20201 
    
      8.  NAME AND ADDRESS OF CONTRACTOR   (No., street, county, State and ZIP Code) 
    (x) 
    9A.  AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION NO. 
        
  CHIMERIX, INC. 1377270 
  CHIMERIX, INC.   2505   MERIDIAN P 
  2505 MERIDIAN PKWY STE 340 
  DURHAM NC 277135246 

9B.  DATED   (SEE ITEM 11) 

x 
     10A.  MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT/ORDER NO. 
     HHSO100201100013C 
        
       10B.  DATED   (SEE ITEM 13) 
  02/16/2011 
      CODE    
  1377270 
    FACILITY CODE    
      
      11.  THIS ITEM ONLY APPLIES TO AMENDMENTS OF SOLICITATIONS 
      o       The above numbered solicitation is amended as set forth in Item 14. The hour and date specified for receipt of Offers     o    is extended.      o   is not extended 
  Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing Items 8 and 15, and returning ___________ copies of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment numbers.  FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT   THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by   virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes   reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 
      12.  ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA   (if required) 
   See Schedule                                                                                                      Net Increase:                                                      $535,016.00                                                     
      13.  THIS ITEM ONLY APPLIES TO MODIFICATION OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14. 
      CHECK ONE 
    A.   THIS CHANGE ORDER IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO:    (Specify authority)    THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B.   THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES (  such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc.  ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF FAR 43.103(b). 
        
    C.   THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO AUTHORITY OF: 
      X 
    D.   OTHER (  Specify type of modification and authority  ) 
  Bilateral:  Mutual Agreement of the Parties. 
      E.  IMPORTANT:     Contractor     o    is not.     x    is required to sign this document and return                0        copies to the issuing office. 
      14.  DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION   (Organized by UCF section headings, including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.) 
      Tax ID Number:    33-0903395 
  DUNS Number:    121785997 
  A.    The purpose of this modification is to add funding in the amount of $535,016.00 for the purpose of funding a cost growth due to the need to repeat a non-clinical study under Option 2/CLIN 0003 ONLY under Contract Number HHSO100201100013C. 
  1.    The addition of this cost growth to Option 2/CLIN 0003 under Contract Number HHSO100201100013C results in Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) 0003 being changed as follows: 
    
  Total Estimated Cost:  From $[...***...] By $535,016.00 To $[...***...]. 
    
  Continued ... 
      Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item 9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect. 
      15A.  NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER   (Type or print) 
     16A.  NAME AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER   (Type or print) 
      Timothy W. Trost, SVP   CFO 
    ETHAN J. MUELLER 
      15B.  CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
    15C.  DATE SIGNED 
    16B.  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
    16C.  DATE SIGNED 
         /s/ Timothy W. Trost   
           (Signature of person authorized to sign) 
    8/3/2016 
         /s/ Ethan J. Mueller         
               (Signature of Contracting Officer) 
    8/3/2016 

NSN 7540-01-152-8070    STANDARD FORM 30 (REV. 10-83) 
  Previous edition unusable    Prescribed by GSA  
  FAR (48 CFR) 53.243 

***Confidential Treatment Requested 

NSN 7540-01-152-8067    OPTIONAL FORM 336 (4-86) 
  Sponsored by GSA  
  FAR (48 CFR) 53.110 

***Confidential Treatment Requested 

NSN 7540-01-152-8067    OPTIONAL FORM 336 (4-86) 
  Sponsored by GSA  
  FAR (48 CFR) 53.110 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 a20160930cmrxex-102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

CHIMERIX, INC.  STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE  (2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN) 
  Chimerix, Inc. (the    Company   ), pursuant to its 2013 Equity Incentive Plan     (the    Plan   ), hereby grants to Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock set forth below.  This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice, in the Option Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety.  Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Option Agreement will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the Option Agreement. If there is any conflict between the terms in this notice and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. 
    
                 Optionholder: 
      
      Date of Grant: 
      
      Vesting Commencement Date: 
      
      Number of Shares Subject to Option: 
      
      Exercise Price (Per Share): 
      
      Total Exercise Price: 
      
      Expiration Date: 

Type of Grant:           Incentive Stock Option    1              Nonstatutory Stock Option 
  Exercise Schedule  :           Same as Vesting Schedule             Early Exercise Permitted 
           Vesting Schedule  :  
    [  One-fourth   (  1/4   th   ) of the shares vest one year after the Vesting Commencement Date; the balance of the shares vest in a series of thirty-six (36) successive equal monthly installments measured from the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, subject to Optionholder s Continuous Service as of each such date and the potential vesting acceleration described in Section 1 of the Option Agreement.] 
     Payment:       By one or a combination of the following items (described in the Option Agreement): 
          By cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
         Pursuant to a Regulation T Program if the shares are publicly traded 
         By delivery of already-owned shares if the shares are publicly traded 
         If and only to the extent this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and subject to the Company s consent at the time of exercise, by a  net exercise  arrangement 

___________________________ 
   1    If this is an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options) cannot be first   exercisable   for more than $100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year.  Any excess over $100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 

135949759 v3    

Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:    Optionholder acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement and the Plan.  Optionholder acknowledges and agrees that this Stock Option Grant Notice and the Option Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan.      Optionholder further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Optionholder and the Company regarding this option award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Optionholder, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein.      By accepting this option, Optionholder consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
                 CHIMERIX, INC. 
  By:_______________________________________ 
  Signature 
  Title:______________________________________ 
  Date:______________________________________ 
    OPTIONHOLDER: 
  __________________________________________ 
  Signature 
  Date:______________________________________ 

ATTACHMENTS  :  Option Agreement, 2013 Equity Incentive Plan     and Notice of Exercise 

135949759 v3    

ATTACHMENT I 
  CHIMERIX, INC.      2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN        OPTION AGREEMENT  (INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION OR NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION) 
  Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice (   Grant Notice   ) and this Option Agreement, Chimerix, Inc. (the    Company   ) has granted you an option under its 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice.  The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the    Date of Grant   ).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
  The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 
  1.  VESTING.    Subject to the provisions contained herein, your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice.  Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service,   provided that   if your Continuous Service terminates due to your Disability or your death, then, as of the date of termination of Continuous Service, the vesting and exercisability of your option will be accelerated in full. 
  2.        NUMBER OF SHARES AND EXERCISE PRICE.    The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share in your Grant Notice will be adjusted for Capitalization Adjustments. 
  3.        EXERCISE RESTRICTION FOR NON-EXEMPT EMPLOYEES.    If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a    Non-Exempt Employee   ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six (6) months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six (6) months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six (6) month anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your  retirement  (as defined in the Company s benefit plans).   
  4.        EXERCISE PRIOR TO VESTING ( EARLY EXERCISE ).    If permitted in your Grant Notice (  i.e.  , the  Exercise Schedule  indicates  Early Exercise Permitted ) and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your  

135949759 v3    

Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option;   provided, however,   that: 
  (a)      a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock; 
  (b)      any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement; 
  (c)      you will enter into the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred; and 
  (d)      if your option is an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the Date of Grant) of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which your option plus all other Incentive Stock Options you hold are exercisable for the first time by you during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), your option(s) or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. 
  5.        METHOD OF PAYMENT.    You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the shares you wish to exercise.  You may pay the exercise price in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company or in any other manner   permitted by your Grant Notice,   which may include one or more of the following: 
  (a)      Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds.  This manner of payment is also known as a  broker-assisted exercise ,  same day sale , or  sell to cover . 
  (b)      Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise.   Delivery  for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company.  You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock. 
  (c)      If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, subject to the consent of the Company at the time of exercise, by a  net exercise  arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option by the  

135949759 v3    

largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price.  You must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the  net exercise  in cash or other permitted form of payment.  Shares of Common Stock will no longer be outstanding under your option and will not be exercisable thereafter if those shares (i) are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the  net exercise,  (ii) are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (iii) are withheld to satisfy your tax withholding obligations. 
  6.        WHOLE SHARES.    You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 
  7.        SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE.    In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable). 
  8.        TERM.    You may not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option s term.  The term of your option expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following: 
  (a)      immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause; 
  (b)      three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause,     your Retirement (as defined in Section 8(c) below), your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(e) below);   provided, however,   that if during any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above relating to  Securities Law Compliance,  your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service;   provided further,   if during any part of such three (3) month period, the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) you are a Non-Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six (6) months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven (7) months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date; 
  (c)      twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service by reason of either (x) the Company without Cause (and other than as a result of your Disability or  

135949759 v3    

death) or (y) your resignation for any reason, and in either case on or after the date you attain the age of 59.5 years (such termination of your service, a    Retirement   ) (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(e) below); 
  (d)      twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(e) below); 
  (e)      twelve (12) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause; 
  (f)      the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or 
  (g)      the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
  If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three (3) months before the date of your option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability.  The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three (3) months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 
  9.        EXERCISE. 
  (a)      You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company s Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require. 
  (b)      By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise. 
  (c)      If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that  

135949759 v3    

occurs within two (2) years after the Date of Grant or within one (1) year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. 
  (d)      By exercising your option you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale, any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2711 or NYSE Member Rule 472     or any successor or similar rule  s     or regulation     (the    Lock-Up Period      provided, however  , that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period.  You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto.  In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period.  You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 9(d).  The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 9(d) and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. 
  10.        TRANSFERABILITY.    Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, your option is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you.   
  (a)        Certain Trusts.    Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust.  You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company.   
  (b)        Domestic Relations Orders.    Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer.  You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement.  If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 
  (c)        Beneficiary Designation.    Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle option  

135949759 v3    

exercises, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise this option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise.  In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. 
  11.        OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT.    Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment.  In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 
  12.        WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS. 
  (a)      At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a  same day sale  pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option.   
  (b)      If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, then upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes).  If the date of determination of any tax withholding obligation is deferred to a date later than the date of exercise of your option, share withholding pursuant to the preceding sentence shall not be permitted unless you make a proper and timely election under Section 83(b) of the Code, covering the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise with respect to which such determination is otherwise deferred, to accelerate the determination of such tax withholding obligation to the date of exercise of your option.  Notwithstanding the filing of such election, shares of Common Stock shall be withheld solely from fully vested shares of Common Stock determined as of the date of exercise of your option that are otherwise issuable to you upon such exercise.  Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility. 
  (c)      You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied.  Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company will have no obligation  

135949759 v3    

to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any escrow provided for herein, if applicable, unless such obligations are satisfied. 
  13.        TAX CONSEQUENCES  . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the  fair market value  per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option.  
  14.        NOTICES.    Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company.  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  15.        GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT.    Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  If there is any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.  In addition, your option (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your option) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. 
  16.        OTHER DOCUMENTS.    You hereby acknowledge receipt of and the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus.  In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain  window  periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time. 
  17.        EFFECT ON OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.    The value of this option will not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company s or any Affiliate s employee benefit plans. 
  18.        VOTING RIGHTS.    You will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this option until such shares are  

135949759 v3    

issued to you.   Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company.  Nothing contained in this option, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
  19.        SEVERABILITY.    If all or any part of this Option Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid.  Any Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
  20.        MISCELLANEOUS  . 
  (a)      The rights and obligations of the Company under your option will be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns.  
  (b)      You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option. 
  (c)      You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option, and fully understand all provisions of your option. 
  (d)      This Option Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
  (e)      All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Option Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 
    
  *    *    * 
    
  This Option Agreement will be deemed to be signed by you upon the signing by you of the Stock Option Grant Notice to which it is attached. 

135949759 v3    

ATTACHMENT II 
  2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

135949759 v3    

ATTACHMENT III 
  NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
  CHIMERIX, INC. 
  2505 MERIDIAN PARKWAY, SUITE 100 
  DURHAM, NC 27713      Date of Exercise: _______________ 
  This constitutes notice to Chimerix, Inc. (the    Company   ) under my stock option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the    Shares   )  for the price set forth below. 
                   Type of option (check one): 
    Incentive      
    Nonstatutory      
      Stock option dated: 
    _______________ 
    _______________ 
      Number of Shares as  to which option is  exercised: 
    _______________ 
    _______________ 
      Certificates to be  issued in name of: 
    _______________ 
    _______________ 
      Total exercise price: 
    $______________ 
    $______________ 
      Cash payment delivered  herewith: 
    $______________ 
    $______________ 
      [Value of ________ Shares delivered herewith   2   : 
    $______________ 
    $______________] 
      [Value of ________ Shares pursuant to net exercise   2   : 
    $______________ 
    $______________] 
      [Regulation T Program (cashless exercise   3   ): 
    $______________ 
    $______________] 

______________________________ 
   2       Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option.  Shares must be valued in accordance with the terms of the option being exercised, and must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests.  Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate. 
   2        The option must be a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and Chimerix, Inc. must have established net exercise procedures at the time of exercise, in order to utilize this payment method. 
   3        Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option.   

135949759 v3    

By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Chimerix, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an incentive stock option, to notify you in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two (2) years after the date of grant of this option or within one (1) year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option. 
    
  Very truly yours, 

135949759 v3    

Chimerix, Inc. 
  Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice 
  (2013 Equity Incentive Plan) 
  Chimerix, Inc. (the    Company   ), pursuant to its 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ), hereby awards to Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award for the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock (   Restricted Stock Units   ) set forth below (the    Award   ). The Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice of grant (this    Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice   ) and in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the    Award Agreement   ), both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms in the Award and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
  Participant:                    ______________________________________     
  Date of Grant:                    ______________________________________ 
  Vesting Commencement Date:         ______________________________________ 
  Number of Restricted Stock Units:        ______________________________________ 

Vesting Schedule:  
    [_________________ subject to the Participant s Continuous Service through each such vesting date and the potential vesting acceleration provisions set forth in Section 2 of the Award Agreement.] 
       
           Issuance Schedule: 
    Subject to any Capitalization Adjustment, one share of Common Stock (or its cash equivalent, at the discretion of the Company) will be issued for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests at the time set forth in Section 6 of the Award Agreement. 
     Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:    Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of the Common Stock pursuant to the Award specified above and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the terms of this Award with the exception, if applicable, of (i) restricted stock unit awards or options previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) the written employment agreement, offer letter or other written agreement entered into between the Company and Participant specifying the terms that should govern this specific Award, and (iii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law.  

135949872 v2 

By accepting this Award, Participant acknowledges having received and read the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan and agrees to all of the terms and conditions set forth in these documents. Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  Chimerix, Inc.                        Participant 
  By: _____________________________        _____________________________________     
  Signature                        Signature 
  Title:     ________________________________        Date: __________________________ 
  Date:    ________________________________ 
           Attachments  :  
    Award Agreement and 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 

135949872 v2 

Chimerix, Inc. 
  2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
  Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
    
  Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the    Agreement   ), Chimerix, Inc. (the    Company   ) has awarded you (   Participant   ) a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the    Award   ) pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) for the number of Restricted Stock Units/shares indicated in the Grant Notice. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement or the Grant Notice shall have the same meanings given to them in the Plan. The terms of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice, are as follows. 
  1.  Grant of the Award.   This Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 below) as indicated in the Grant Notice. As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the    Account   ) the number of Restricted Stock Units/shares of Common Stock subject to the Award.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to issue you the cash equivalent of Common Stock, in part or in full satisfaction of the delivery of Common Stock in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, and, to the extent applicable, references in this Agreement and the Grant Notice to Common Stock issuable in connection with your Restricted Stock Units will include the potential issuance of its cash equivalent pursuant to such right.  This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company.  
  2.  Vesting.   Subject to the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice.  Except as set forth below upon your death or Disability, vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service and the Restricted Stock Units credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in or to such Award or the shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of such portion of the Award.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your Continuous Service terminates due to your death or Disability, then, as of the date of your termination of Continuous Service, the Award will become fully vested and the shares of Common Stock will be issued to you as set forth in Section 6. 
  3.  Number of Shares.   The number of Restricted Stock Units subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. Any additional Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that becomes subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units and shares covered by your Award. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created pursuant to this Section 3. Any fraction of a share will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 

135949872 v2 

4.  Securities Law Compliance  . You may not be issued any Common Stock under your Award unless the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units are either (i) then registered under the Securities Act, or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award must also comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you shall not receive such Common Stock if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 
  5.  Transfer Restrictions  . Prior to the time that shares of Common Stock have been delivered to you, you may not transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of this Award or the shares issuable in respect of your Award, except as expressly provided in this Section 5. For example, you may not use shares that may be issued in respect of your Restricted Stock Units as security for a loan. The restrictions on transfer set forth herein will lapse upon delivery to you of shares in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units.  
  (a)  Death  . Your Award is transferable by will and by the laws of descent and distribution. At your death, your executor or administrator of your estate shall be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, any Common Stock or other consideration that vested (including any portion of your Award that becomes vested as a result of your death) but was not issued before your death.  
  (b)  Domestic Relations Orders.   Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your right to receive the distribution of Common Stock or other consideration hereunder, pursuant to a domestic relations order, marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by applicable law that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this Award with the Company General Counsel prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to verify that you may make such transfer, and if so, to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement.   
  6.  Date of Issuance  .  
  (a)  The issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner.   
  Subject to the satisfaction of the Withholding Taxes set forth in Section 11 of this Agreement, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 above). Each issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as an    Original Issuance Date   .  
  (b)  If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if: 

135949872 v2 

(i)  the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an  open window period  applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance with the Company's policies (a    10b5-1 Plan   )),   and    
  (ii)  either (1) Withholding Taxes does not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Withholding Taxes by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (B) not to permit you to then effect a sale on the market under a 10b5-1 Plan and (C) not to permit you to pay your Withholding Taxes in cash,  
  then   the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Company s Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or,   if and only if   permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a  substantial risk of forfeiture  within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). 
  (c)  The form of delivery (  e.g.  , a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company.  
  7.  Dividends.   You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment; provided, however, that this sentence will not apply with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 
  8.  Restrictive Legends.   The shares of Common Stock issued in respect of your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends as determined by the Company. 
  9.  Execution of Documents.   You hereby acknowledge and agree that the manner selected by the Company by which you indicate your consent to your Grant Notice is also deemed to be your execution of your Grant Notice and of this Agreement. You further agree that such manner of indicating consent may be relied upon as your signature for establishing your execution of any documents to be executed in the future in connection with your Award. 

135949872 v2 

10.  Award not a Service Contract  .  
  (a)  Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award or the issuance of the shares in respect of your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall: (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ or service of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Company of the right to terminate you at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have.  
  (b)  By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award pursuant to the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice may not be earned unless (in addition to any other conditions described in the Grant Notice and this Agreement) you continue as an employee, director or consultant at the will of the Company and affiliate, as applicable (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a    reorganization   ). You acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of your employer and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere in any way with the Company s right to terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or without your cause or notice, or to conduct a reorganization. 
  11.  Withholding Taxes.    
  (a)  On each vesting date, and on or before the time you receive a distribution of the shares of Common Stock in respect of your Restricted Stock Units, and at any other time as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance with applicable tax laws, you hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common Stock issuable to you and/or otherwise agree to make adequate provision, including in cash, for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or any Affiliate that arise in connection with your Award (the    Withholding Taxes   ).  Additionally, the Company or any Affiliate may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withholding Taxes obligation relating to your Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (and by accepting this Award you hereby authorize any of the following methods of satisfying the Withholding Taxes): (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment; (iii) permitting or requiring you to enter into a  same day sale   

135949872 v2 

commitment, if applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a    FINRA Dealer   ) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Withholding Taxes and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Taxes directly to the Company and/or its Affiliates; or (iv) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount of such Withholding Taxes;   provided  ,   however  , that the number of such shares of Common Stock so withheld will not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Withholding Taxes using the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable income; and   provided  , further, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Company s Compensation Committee.    
  (b)  Unless the Withholding Taxes are satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock or any other consideration pursuant to this Award. 
  (c)  In the event the Withholding Taxes arise prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Withholding Taxes was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount. 
  12.  Tax Consequences.   The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to you of this Award and shall not be liable to you for any adverse tax consequences to you arising in connection with this Award. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and/or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this Award and by signing the Grant Notice, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. You understand that you (and not the Company) shall be responsible for your own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
  13.  Unsecured Obligation.   Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares or other property pursuant to this Agreement. You shall not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person.  
  14.  Notices  . Any notice or request required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case  

135949872 v2 

of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this Award, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  15.  Headings  . The headings of the Sections in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Agreement. 
  16.  Miscellaneous  . 
  (a)  The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award shall be transferable by the Company to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Company s successors and assigns.  
  (b)  You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
  (c)  You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 
  (d)  This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
  (e)  All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 
  17.  Governing Plan Document  . Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Your Award (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for  good reason,  or for a  constructive termination  or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 

135949872 v2 

18.  Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans.   The value of the Award subject to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating benefits under any employee benefit plan (other than the Plan) sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any or all of the employee benefit plans of the Company or any Affiliate. 
  19.  Severability  . If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
  20.  Other Documents  . You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain "window" periods and the Company's insider trading policy, in effect from time to time.  
  21.  Amendment.   This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no such amendment materially adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the Award as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change shall be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as provided herein.  
  22.  Compliance with Section 409A of the Code  .   This Award is intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code, including but not limited to by reason of complying with the  short-term deferral  rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and determined to be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, this Award shall comply with Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal tax consequences and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly.  If it is determined that the Award is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and you are a  Specified Employee  (within the meaning set forth in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) as of the date of your  Separation from Service  (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder), then the issuance of any shares that would otherwise be made upon the date of your Separation from Service or within the first six (6)  

135949872 v2 

months thereafter will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the date that is six (6) months and one day after the date of the Separation from Service, with the balance of the shares issued thereafter in accordance with the original vesting and issuance schedule set forth above, but if and only if such delay in the issuance of the shares is necessary to avoid the imposition of adverse taxation on you in respect of the shares under Section 409A of the Code. Each installment of shares that vests is intended to constitute a  separate payment  for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).    
  * * * * *  
  This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall be deemed to be signed by the Company and the Participant upon the signing by the Participant of the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice to which it is attached. 

135949872 v2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a20160930cmrxex-311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, M. Michelle Berrey, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   of Chimerix, Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 7, 2016 
    /s/    M. Michelle Berrey 

M. Michelle Berrey, MD, MPH 

President   Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a20160930cmrxex-312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Timothy W. Trost, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   of Chimerix, Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Date:  
    November 7, 2016 
    /s/ Timothy W. Trost 

Timothy W. Trost 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a20160930cmrxex-321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Chimerix, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, M. Michelle Berrey, as Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
  1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 7, 2016 
    /s/    M. Michelle Berrey 

M. Michelle Berrey, MD, MPH 

President   Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a20160930cmrxex-322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Chimerix, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Timothy W. Trost, as Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
  1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 7, 2016 
    /s/ Timothy W. Trost 

Timothy W. Trost 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 cmrx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cmrx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cmrx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cmrx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cmrx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cmrx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

