<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_701347_0000701347-16-000070_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19908335</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146129</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>726307</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8085544</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8562198</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1963118</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000701347-16-000070.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108145105
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000701347-16-000070
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000701347
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				990212597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			HI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31567
		FILM NUMBER:		161980960

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 S KING ST
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8085440500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 3590
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96811

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CPB INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000701347-16-000070.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 a10qq393016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 
    
             QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  or 
    
  o             TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from               to               
    
  Commission file number 001-31567 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Hawaii 
      
    99-0212597 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

220 South King Street, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
    
  (808) 544-0500 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes          No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): 
    
                     Large accelerated filer   x 
    Accelerated filer   o 
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
    Smaller reporting company     o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o    No     
    
  The number of shares outstanding of registrant s common stock, no par value, on   November 4, 2016   was   30,830,598   shares. 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
  Table of Contents 

2 

PART I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This document may contain forward-looking statements concerning projections of revenues, income/loss, earnings/loss per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure, net interest margin or other financial items, concerning plans and objectives of management for future operations, concerning future economic performance, or concerning any of the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, and may include the words  believes,   plans,   intends,   expects,   anticipates,   forecasts,   hopes,   should,   estimates  or words of similar meaning. While we believe that our forward-looking statements and the assumptions underlying them are reasonably based, such statements and assumptions are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties, and thus could later prove to be inaccurate or incorrect. Accordingly, actual results could materially differ from projections for a variety of reasons, to include, but not be limited to: adverse changes in the financial performance and/or condition of our borrowers and, as a result, increased loan delinquency rates, deterioration in asset quality, and losses in our loan portfolio; the impact of local, national, and international economies and events (including natural disasters such as wildfires, tsunamis, storms and earthquakes) on the Company s business and operations and on tourism, the military, and other major industries operating within the Hawaii market and any other markets in which the Company does business; deterioration or malaise in domestic economic conditions, including any further destabilization in the financial industry and deterioration of the real estate market, as well as the impact of declining levels of consumer and business confidence in the state of the economy in general and in financial institutions in particular; changes in estimates of future reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements; the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, changes in capital standards, other regulatory reform, including but not limited to regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, government-sponsored enterprise reform, and any related rules and regulations on our business operations and competitiveness; the costs and effects of legal and regulatory developments, including the resolution of legal proceedings or regulatory or other governmental inquiries and the results of regulatory examinations or reviews; ability to successfully implement our initiatives to lower our efficiency ratio; the effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; inflation, interest rate, securities market and monetary fluctuations; negative trends in our market capitalization and adverse changes in the price of the Company s common stock; political instability; acts of war or terrorism; changes in consumer spending, borrowings and savings habits; failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures; technological changes; changes in the competitive environment among financial holding companies and other financial service providers; the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other accounting standard setters; our ability to attract and retain key personnel; changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans; and our success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. For further information on factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from projections, please see the Company s publicly available Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including the Company s Form 10-K for the last fiscal year and, in particular, the discussion of  Risk Factors  set forth therein. The Company does not update any of its forward-looking statements except as required by law. 

3 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited)    

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

6 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

7 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

8 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

1.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of Central Pacific Financial Corp. and Subsidiaries (herein referred to as the  Company,   we,   us  or  our ) have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.  
    
  These interim condensed consolidated financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto filed on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation have been made and include all normal recurring adjustments. Interim results of operations are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the year. 
    
  Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  In December 2015, we acquired a   50%   ownership interest in a mortgage loan origination and brokerage company, One Hawaii HomeLoans, LLC. The bank concluded that the investment meets the consolidation requirements under Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810,   "Consolidation."   The bank concluded that the entity meets the definition of a variable interest entity and that we are the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity. Accordingly, the investment has been consolidated into our financial statements as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  We have   50%   ownership interests in four other mortgage loan origination and brokerage companies which are accounted for using the equity method and are included in investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries: Pacific Access Mortgage, LLC, Gentry HomeLoans, LLC, Haseko HomeLoans, LLC and Island Pacific HomeLoans, LLC. 

2.   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
    
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,    Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.    ASU 2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any share-based payment awards that included performance targets that could be achieved after the requisite service period. As such, the adoption of ASU 2014-12 on January 1, 2016 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,    Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  .  ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. Specifically, the amendments:1) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities ( VIEs ) or voting interest entities; 2) eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership; 3) affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships; 4) provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 on January 1, 2016 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,    Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (Topic 230).  " ASU 2016-15 provides guidance on eight statement of cash flow classification issues and is intended to reduce the current and future diversity in practice described in the amendments. Current GAAP is either unclear or does not include specific guidance on the eight statement of cash flow classification issues included in ASU 2016-15. ASU 2016-15 is effective for the Company's reporting period beginning January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the  
  
   9 

same period. The amendments in ASU 2016-15 should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. As ASU 2016-15 only impacts classification within the statement of cash flows, we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

3.   INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
    
  A summary of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale investment securities are as follows: 

10 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities at   September 30, 2016   by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

We did not sell any available-for-sale securities during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
    
  During the second quarter of 2015, we sold certain available-for-sale investment securities for gross proceeds of   $117.5 million  . Gross realized losses on the sale of the available-for-sale investment securities were   $1.9 million  . The specific identification method was used as the basis for determining the cost of all securities sold. We did not sell any available-for-sale securities during the first and third quarters of 2015. 
    
  Investment securities of   $1.10 billion   and   $1.00 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, were pledged to secure public funds on deposit and other long-term debt and short-term borrowings. 
    
  Provided below is a summary of the   21   and   155   investment securities which were in an unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, segregated by continuous length of impairment. 

11 

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment ( OTTI ) 
    
  Unrealized losses for all investment securities are reviewed to determine whether the losses are deemed  other-than-temporary.  Investment securities are evaluated for OTTI on at least a quarterly basis and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation to determine whether a decline in their value below amortized cost is other-than-temporary. In conducting this assessment, we evaluate a number of factors including, but not limited to: 

The length of time and the extent to which fair value has been less than the amortized cost basis; 
                
    Adverse conditions specifically related to the security, an industry, or a geographic area; 
                
    The historical and implied volatility of the fair value of the security; 
                
    The payment structure of the debt security and the likelihood of the issuer being able to make payments; 
                
    Failure of the issuer to make scheduled interest or principal payments; 
                
    Any rating changes by a rating agency; and 
                
    Recoveries or additional declines in fair value subsequent to the balance sheet date. 
       
  The term  other-than-temporary  is not intended to indicate that the decline is permanent, but indicates that the prospects for a near-term recovery of value are not necessarily favorable, or that there is a general lack of evidence to support a realizable value equal to or greater than the carrying value of the investment. Once a decline in value is determined to be other-than-temporary, the value of the security is reduced and a corresponding charge to earnings is recognized for anticipated credit losses. 
    
  Because we have no intent to sell securities in an unrealized loss position and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell such securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we do not consider our investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

12 

4.   LOANS AND LEASES 
    
  Loans and leases, excluding loans held for sale, consisted of the following: 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we transferred the collateral in   two   portfolio loans with a carrying value totaling   $1.3 million   to other real estate owned. We did not transfer any loans to the held-for-sale category during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . In addition, we did not sell any portfolio loans during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  In March 2016, we purchased a direct auto loan portfolio totaling   $23.2 million   which included a   $0.3 million   premium over the   $22.9 million   outstanding balance. At the time of purchase, the auto loans had a weighted average remaining term of   56   months and a weighted average yield of   3.38%  . During the first quarter of 2016, we also purchased unsecured consumer loans totaling   $29.2 million  , which represented the outstanding balance at the time of purchases. At the time of purchases, the unsecured consumer loans had a weighted average remaining term of   38   months and a weighted average interest rate of   7.55%  . 
    
  In May 2016, we purchased a direct auto loan portfolio totaling   $18.0 million   which included a   $0.5 million   premium over the   $17.5 million   outstanding balance. At the time of purchase, the auto loans had a weighted average remaining term of   75   months and a weighted average yield of   3.75%  . During the second quarter of 2016, we also purchased unsecured consumer loans totaling   $7.3 million  , which represented the outstanding balance at the time of purchases. At the time of purchases, the unsecured consumer loans had a weighted average remaining term of   37   months and a weighted average interest rate of   7.57%  . 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we transferred the collateral in   seven   portfolio loans with a carrying value of   $2.1 million   to other real estate owned. In the second quarter of 2015, we transferred   two   portfolio loans to a single borrower with a carrying value of   $6.6 million   to the held-for-sale category and subsequently sold the two loans in the second quarter of 2015 at its carrying value. 
    
  In August 2015, we purchased a participation interest in auto loans totaling   $24.7 million  , which included a   $0.8 million   premium over the   $23.9 million   outstanding balance. At the time of purchase, the auto loans had a weighted average remaining term of   68   months and a weighted average yield of   4.28%  . In June 2015, we purchased a participation interest in auto loans totaling   $28.1 million  , which included a   $1.0 million   premium over the   $27.1 million   outstanding balance. At the time of the purchase, the auto loans had a weighted average remaining term of   79   months and a weighted average interest rate of   4.56%  . 

13 

Impaired Loans 
    
  The following tables present by class, the balance in the allowance for loan and lease losses (the "Allowance") and the recorded investment in loans and leases based on the Company s impairment measurement method as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

14 

The following tables present by class, information related to impaired loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

15 

The following table presents by class, the average recorded investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Foreclosure Proceedings 
    
  The Company had   $0.3 million   of residential mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property that were in the process of foreclosure at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Aging Analysis of Accruing and Non-Accruing Loans and Leases 
    
  For all loan types, the Company determines delinquency status by considering the number of days full payments required by the contractual terms of the loan are past due. The following tables present by class, the aging of the recorded investment in past due loans and leases as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

16 

Modifications 
    
  Troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) included in nonperforming assets at   September 30, 2016   totaled   $3.8 million   and consisted of   20     Hawaii residential mortgage   loans with a combined principal balance of   $3.0 million   and   three     Hawaii commercial, financial and agricultural   loans with a combined principal balance of   $0.8 million  . 
    
  Concessions made to the original contractual terms of these loans consisted primarily of the deferral of interest and/or principal payments due to deterioration in the borrowers  financial condition. The principal balances on these TDRs had matured and/or were in default at the time of restructure and we have   no   commitments to lend additional funds to any of these borrowers. There were   $17.8 million   of TDRs still accruing interest at   September 30, 2016  ,   none   of which were more than   90 days   delinquent. At   December 31, 2015  , there were   $20.3 million   of TDRs still accruing interest,   none   of which were more than   90 days   delinquent. 
    
  Some loans modified in a TDR may already be on nonaccrual status and partial charge-offs may have already been taken against the outstanding loan balance. Thus, these loans have already been identified as impaired and have already been evaluated under the Company s allowance for loan and lease losses (the  Allowance ) methodology. Loans that were not on nonaccrual status when modified in a TDR may have the financial effect of increasing the specific allowance associated with the loan. The loans modified in a TDR did not have a material effect on our provision for loan and lease losses (the  Provision ) and the Allowance during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The following table presents by class, information related to loans modified in a TDR during the periods presented. No loans were modified in a TDR during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 

17 

No   loans were modified as a TDR within the previous twelve months that subsequently defaulted during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Credit Quality Indicators 
    
  The Company categorizes loans and leases into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans and leases individually by classifying the loans and leases as to credit risk. This analysis includes non-homogeneous loans and leases, such as commercial and commercial real estate loans. This analysis is performed on a quarterly basis. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
    
  Special Mention.   Loans and leases classified as special mention, while still adequately protected by the borrower s capital adequacy and payment capability, exhibit distinct weakening trends and/or elevated levels of exposure to external conditions. If left unchecked or uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deteriorated prospects of repayment. These exposures require management s close attention so as to avoid becoming undue or unwarranted credit exposures. 
    
  Substandard.   Loans and leases classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the borrower s current financial condition and payment capability or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans and leases so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the orderly repayment of debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
    
  Doubtful.   Loans and leases classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or orderly repayment in full, on the basis of current existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of certain important and reasonably specific factors that may work to the advantage and strengthening of the exposure, its classification as an estimated loss is deferred until its more exact status may be determined. 
    
  Loss.   Loans and leases classified as loss are considered to be non-collectible and of such little value that their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This does not mean the loan has absolutely no recovery value, but rather it is neither practical nor desirable to defer writing off the loan, even though partial recovery may be obtained in the future. Losses are taken in the period in which they surface as uncollectible. 

18 

Loans and leases not meeting the criteria above are considered to be pass-rated. The following table presents by class and credit indicator, the recorded investment in the Company s loans and leases as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

In accordance with applicable Interagency Guidance issued by our primary bank regulators, we define subprime borrowers as typically having weakened credit histories that include payment delinquencies and possibly more severe problems such as charge-offs, judgments, and bankruptcies. They may also display reduced repayment capacity as measured by credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, or other criteria that may encompass borrowers with incomplete credit histories. Subprime loans are loans to borrowers displaying one or more of these characteristics at the time of origination or purchase. Such loans have a higher risk of default than loans to prime borrowers. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we did not have any loans that we considered to be subprime. 

19 

5.   ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES 
    
  The following table presents by class, the activity in the Allowance for the periods indicated: 

Loans held for sale and other real estate assets are not included in our assessment of the Allowance. 

20 

Our Provision was a   credit   of   $0.7 million   and a   credit   of   $2.9 million   in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to a   credit   of   $3.6 million   and a   credit   of   $13.7 million   in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  In determining the amount of our Allowance, we rely on an analysis of our loan portfolio, our experience and our evaluation of general economic conditions, as well as regulatory requirements and input. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our current Allowance may not be sufficient to cover future loan losses and we may experience significant increases to our Provision. 

6.   SECURITIZATIONS 
    
  In prior years, we securitized certain residential mortgage loans with a U.S. Government sponsored entity and continue to service the residential mortgage loans. The servicing assets were recorded at their respective fair values at the time of securitization. 
    
  All unsold mortgage-backed securities from prior securitizations were categorized as available for sale securities and were therefore recorded at their fair values of   $2.1 million   and   $2.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The fair values of these mortgage-backed securities were based on quoted prices of similar instruments in active markets. Unrealized gains of   $0.2 million   and   $0.2 million   on unsold mortgage-backed securities were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ) at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

7.   INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
    
  The components of the Company s investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries were as follows: 

The Company had   $1.7 million   in unfunded low income housing commitments as of   September 30, 2016  . The entire amount is expected to be paid in 2018. The Company did not have any unfunded low income housing commitments as of   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Investments in low income housing tax credit ( LIHTC ) partnerships are accounted for using the cost method. The following table presents amortization and tax credits recognized associated with our investments in LIHTC partnerships for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 

21 

8.   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
    
  Other intangible assets include a core deposit premium and mortgage servicing rights. The following table presents changes in other intangible assets for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

Income generated as the result of new mortgage servicing rights is reported as gains on sales of loans and totaled   $0.9 million   and   $2.1 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $0.6 million   and   $1.8 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Amortization of mortgage servicing rights was   $1.0 million   and   $4.3 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.0 million   and   $3.3 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  The following table presents the fair market value and key assumptions used in determining the fair market value of our mortgage servicing rights: 

The gross carrying value and accumulated amortization related to our intangible assets are presented below: 

22 

Based on the core deposit premium and mortgage servicing rights held as of   September 30, 2016  , estimated amortization expense for the remainder of fiscal year   2016  , the next five succeeding fiscal years and all years thereafter are as follows: 

We perform an impairment assessment of our other intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Our impairment assessments involve, among other valuation methods, the estimation of future cash flows and other methods of determining fair value. Estimating future cash flows and determining fair values is subject to judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The variability of the factors we use to perform our impairment tests depend on a number of conditions, including the uncertainty about future events and cash flows. All such factors are interdependent and, therefore, do not change in isolation. Accordingly, our accounting estimates may materially change from period to period due to changing market factors. 

9.   DERIVATIVES 
    
  We utilize various designated and undesignated derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to movements in interest rates including interest rate swaps, interest rate lock commitments and forward sale commitments. We measure all derivatives at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet. In each reporting period, we record the derivative instruments in other assets or other liabilities depending on whether the derivatives are in an asset or liability position. For derivative instruments that are designated as cash flow hedging instruments, we record the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of the derivative in AOCI, net of tax, until earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows of the hedged transaction. We immediately recognize the portion of the gain or loss in the fair value of the derivative that represents hedge ineffectiveness in current period earnings. For derivative instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments, changes in the fair value of the derivative are included in current period earnings. At   September 30, 2016  , we were not party to any cash flow hedging instruments. 
    
  Interest Rate Lock and Forward Sale Commitments 
    
  We enter into interest rate lock commitments on certain mortgage loans that are intended to be sold. To manage interest rate risk on interest rate lock commitments, we also enter into forward loan sale commitments. The interest rate locks and forward loan sale commitments are accounted for as undesignated derivatives and are recorded at their respective fair values in other assets or other liabilities, with changes in fair value recorded in current period earnings. These instruments serve to reduce our exposure to movements in interest rates. At   September 30, 2016  , we were a party to interest rate lock and forward sale commitments on   $20.4 million   and   $32.4 million   of mortgage loans, respectively. 

23 

The following table presents the location of all assets and liabilities associated with our derivative instruments within the consolidated balance sheets: 

The following table presents the impact of derivative instruments and their location within the consolidated statements of income: 
    
                           Derivatives Financial Instruments  Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
      
    Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivatives 
      
    Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivatives 

(dollars in thousands) 
      Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 

Interest rate lock and forward sale commitments 
      
    Other operating income 
      
    $ 
    13 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Interest rate lock and forward sale commitments 
      
    Other operating income 
      
    (646 
    ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 

Interest rate lock and forward sale commitments 
      
    Other operating income 
      
    (95 
    ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Interest rate lock and forward sale commitments 
      
    Other operating income 
      
    (378 
    ) 

10.   SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS AND LONG-TERM DEBT 
    
  The bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (the  FHLB ) and maintained a   $1.39 billion   line of credit as of   September 30, 2016  , of which   $1.24 billion   was undrawn under this arrangement at   September 30, 2016  . Short-term borrowings under this arrangement totaled   $150.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $69.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  There were   no   long-term borrowings under this arrangement at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . FHLB advances outstanding at   September 30, 2016   were secured by unencumbered investment securities with a fair value of   $0.3 million   and certain real estate loans with a carrying value of   $1.81 billion   in accordance with the collateral provisions of the Advances, Security and Deposit Agreement with the FHLB. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our bank had additional unused borrowings available at the Federal Reserve discount window of   $68.4 million   and   $40.8 million  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , certain commercial and commercial real estate loans with a carrying value totaling   $129.5 million   and   $87.3 million  , respectively, were pledged as collateral on our line of credit with the Federal Reserve discount window. The Federal Reserve does not have the right to sell or repledge these loans. 

11.   EQUITY 
    
  We have generated considerable tax benefits, including net operating loss carry-forwards and federal and state tax credits. Our use of the tax benefits in the future would be limited if we experience an  ownership change  for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, an  ownership change  will occur if there is a cumulative increase in the Company s ownership by  5-percent shareholders  (as defined under U.S. income tax laws) that exceeds   50   percentage points over a rolling three-year period. 

24 

On November 23, 2010, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of preferred share purchase rights ( Rights ) in respect to our common stock which were issued pursuant to a Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated as of November 23, 2010 (the  Tax Benefits Preservation Plan ), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as rights agent. Each Right represents the right to purchase, upon the terms and subject to the conditions in the Plan, 1/10,000th of a share of our Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Series C,   no   par value, for   $6.00  , subject to adjustment. The Tax Benefits Preservation Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that the Company will experience an ownership change by discouraging any person from becoming a beneficial owner of 4.99% or more of our common stock (a  Threshold Holder ). On January 29, 2014, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan to extend it for up to an additional   two   years (until February 18, 2016). Subsequently, our Board of Directors determined in January 2016 that it was no longer necessary to continue the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan because we have utilized a significant portion of our tax benefits and we expect to be able to utilize the remaining benefits even if an ownership change occurs. As a result, our Tax Benefits Preservation Plan expired in accordance with its terms on February 18, 2016. 
    
  To further protect our tax benefits, on January 26, 2011, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to our restated articles of incorporation to restrict transfers of our stock if the effect of an attempted transfer would cause the transferee to become a Threshold Holder or to cause the beneficial ownership of a Threshold Holder to increase (the  Protective Charter Amendment ). At our annual meeting of shareholders on April 27, 2011, we proposed the amendment which shareholders approved. On January 29, 2014, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Protective Charter Amendment to extend it for up to an additional   two   years (until May 2, 2016). Our shareholders approved the Protective Charter Amendment on April 25, 2014. Subsequently, our Board of Directors determined in January 2016 that it was no longer necessary to continue the Protective Charter Amendment because we had utilized a significant portion of our tax benefits and we expect to be able to utilize the remaining benefits even if an ownership change occurs. As a result, our Protective Charter Amendment expired in accordance with its terms on May 2, 2016. 
    
  As a Hawaii state-chartered bank, Central Pacific Bank may only pay dividends to the extent it has retained earnings as defined under Hawaii banking law ( Statutory Retained Earnings ), which differs from GAAP retained earnings. As of   September 30, 2016  , the bank had Statutory Retained Earnings of   $78.8 million  . 
    
  Dividends are payable at the discretion of the Board of Directors and there can be no assurance that the Board of Directors will continue to pay dividends at the same rate, or at all, in the future. Our ability to pay cash dividends to our shareholders is subject to restrictions under federal and Hawaii law, including restrictions imposed by the FRB and covenants set forth in various agreements we are a party to, including covenants set forth in our subordinated debentures. 
    
  In January 2016, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to   $30.0 million   of the Company's common stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a newly authorized share repurchase program (the "2016 Repurchase Plan"). The 2016 Repurchase Plan replaces and supersedes in its entirety the CPF Repurchase Plan previously approved by the Company's Board of Directors. In the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   636,922   shares of common stock, at a cost of   $14.1 million  , were repurchased under the 2016 Repurchase Plan. 

12.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  Restricted Stock Awards and Units 
    
  The table below presents the activity of restricted stock awards and units for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

25 

13.   ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
    
  The following tables present the components of other comprehensive income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , by component: 

26 

The following tables present the changes in each component of AOCI, net of tax, for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

27 

The following table presents the amounts reclassified out of each component of AOCI for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

28 

(1) 
    These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 14 for additional details). 

14.   PENSION AND SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLANS 
    
  Central Pacific Bank has a defined benefit retirement plan (the  Pension Plan ) which covers certain eligible employees. The plan was curtailed effective December 31, 2002, and accordingly, plan benefits were fixed as of that date. The following table sets forth the components of net periodic benefit cost for the Pension Plan: 

Our bank also established Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans ( SERPs ), which provide certain (current and former) officers of our bank with supplemental retirement benefits. We have not entered into a SERP since December 31, 2008. The following table sets forth the components of net periodic benefit cost for the SERPs: 

29 

15.   EARNINGS PER SHARE 
    
  The following table presents the information used to compute basic and diluted earnings per common share for the periods indicated: 

A total of   8,902   and   9,381   potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the dilutive share calculation for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as their effect was anti-dilutive, compared to   12,532   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 

16.   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
    
  Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  Fair value estimates, methods and assumptions are set forth below for our financial instruments. 
    
  Short-Term Financial Instruments 
    
  The carrying values of short-term financial instruments are deemed to approximate fair values. Such instruments are considered readily convertible to cash and include cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in other banks, accrued interest receivable, short-term borrowings, and accrued interest payable. 
    
  Investment Securities 
    
  The fair value of investment securities is based on market price quotations received from third-party pricing services. The third-party pricing services utilize pricing models supported with timely market data information. Where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices of comparable securities. 
    
  Loans 
    
  Fair values of loans are estimated based on discounted cash flows of portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics including the type of loan, interest terms and repayment history. Fair values are calculated by discounting scheduled cash flows through estimated maturities using estimated market discount rates. Estimated market discount rates are reflective of credit and interest rate risks inherent in the Company s various loan types and are derived from available market information, as well as specific borrower information. The fair value of loans are not based on the notion of exit price. 
    
  Loans Held for Sale 
    
  The fair value of loans classified as held for sale are generally based upon quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, acceptance of firm offer letters with agreed upon purchase prices, discounted cash flow models that take into account market observable assumptions, or independent appraisals of the underlying collateral securing the loans. We report the fair values of Hawaii and U.S. Mainland construction and commercial real estate loans net of applicable selling costs on our consolidated balance sheets. 

30 

Other Interest Earning Assets 
    
  The equity investment in common stock of the FHLB, which is redeemable for cash at par value, is reported at its par value. 
    
  Deposit Liabilities 
    
  The fair values of deposits with no stated maturity, such as noninterest-bearing demand deposits and interest-bearing demand and savings accounts, are equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value of time deposits is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
    
  Long-Term Debt 
    
  The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated by discounting scheduled cash flows over the contractual borrowing period at the estimated market rate for similar borrowing arrangements. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments 
    
  The fair values of off-balance sheet financial instruments are estimated based on the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties, current settlement values or quoted market prices of comparable instruments. 
    
  For derivative financial instruments, the fair values are based upon current market values, if available. If there are no relevant comparables, fair values are based on pricing models using current assumptions for interest rate swaps and options. 
    
  Limitations 
    
  Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time our entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of our financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

31 

Fair value estimates are based on existing on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. For example, significant assets and liabilities that are not considered financial assets or liabilities include deferred tax assets, premises and equipment and intangible assets. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in many of the estimates. 

32 

Fair Value Measurements 
    
  We group our financial assets and liabilities at fair value into three levels based on the markets in which the financial assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value as follows: 

Level 1   Valuation is based upon quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets. A quoted price in an active market provides the most reliable evidence of fair value and shall be used to measure fair value whenever available. 

Level 2   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. 

Level 3   Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect our own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include use of discounted cash flow models and similar techniques that requires the use of significant judgment or estimation. 
       
  We base our fair values on the price that we would expect to receive if an asset were sold or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We also maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements. 
    
  We use fair value measurements to record adjustments to certain financial assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Available for sale securities and derivatives are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. From time to time, we may be required to record other financial assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis such as loans held for sale, impaired loans  
  
   33 

and mortgage servicing rights. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of the lower of cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
    
  There were   no   transfers of financial assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The following tables present the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

34 

For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized as follows: 

Within the state and political subdivisions debt securities category, the Company holds   four   mortgage revenue bonds issued by the City   County of Honolulu with an aggregate fair value of   $13.0 million   and   $12.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The Company estimates the fair value of its mortgage revenue bonds by using a discounted cash flow model to calculate the present value of estimated future principal and interest payments. 
    
  The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s mortgage revenue bonds is the weighted average discount rate. As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average discount rate utilized was   3.89%  , which was derived by incorporating a credit spread over the FHLB Fixed-Rate Advance curve. Significant increases (decreases) in the weighted average discount rate could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
    
  For assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis that were recorded at fair value on our balance sheet at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the following table provides the level of valuation assumptions used to determine the respective fair values: 

(1) 
    Represents carrying value and related write-downs of loans for which adjustments are based on agreed upon purchase prices for the loans or the appraised value of the collateral. 
       
           (2) 
     Represents other real estate that is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Fair value is generally based upon independent market prices or appraised values of the collateral. 
     
   35 

17.   SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  We have the following   three   reportable segments: Banking Operations, Treasury and All Others. These segments are consistent with our internal functional reporting lines and are managed separately because each unit has different target markets, technological requirements, marketing strategies and specialized skills. 
    
  The Banking Operations segment includes construction and real estate development lending, commercial lending, residential mortgage lending, indirect auto lending, trust services, retail brokerage services and our retail branch offices, which provide a full range of deposit and loan products, as well as various other banking services. The Treasury segment is responsible for managing the Company s investment securities portfolio and wholesale funding activities. The All Others segment consists of all activities not captured by the Banking Operations or Treasury segments described above and includes activities such as electronic banking, data processing and management of bank owned properties. 
    
  The accounting policies of the segments are consistent with the Company s accounting policies that are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC. The majority of the Company s net income is derived from net interest income. Accordingly, management focuses primarily on net interest income, rather than gross interest income and expense amounts, in evaluating segment profitability. 
    
  Intersegment net interest income (expense) was allocated to each segment based upon a funds transfer pricing process that assigns costs of funds to assets and earnings credits to liabilities based on market interest rates that reflect interest rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. All administrative and overhead expenses are allocated to the segments at cost. Cash, investment securities, loans and leases and their related balances are allocated to the segment responsible for acquisition and maintenance of those assets. Segment assets also include all premises and equipment used directly in segment operations. 
    
  Segment profits and assets are provided in the following table for the periods indicated. 

36 

18.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are involved in legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. Management, after consultation with our legal counsel, believes the ultimate disposition of those matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

37 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  Overview 
    
  Central Pacific Financial Corp. ( CPF ) is a Hawaii corporation and a bank holding company. Our principal business is to serve as a holding company for our bank subsidiary, Central Pacific Bank. We refer to Central Pacific Bank herein as  our bank  or  the bank,  and when we say  the Company,   we,   us  or  our,  we mean the holding company on a consolidated basis with the bank and our other consolidated subsidiaries. 
    
  Central Pacific Bank is a full-service community bank with   35   branches and   102   ATMs located throughout the state of Hawaii. The bank offers a broad range of products and services including accepting time and demand deposits and originating loans, including commercial loans, construction loans, commercial and residential mortgage loans, and consumer loans. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements under  Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited).  The following discussion should also be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on   February 25, 2016  . 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires that management make certain judgments and use certain estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported and disclosures made. Accounting estimates are deemed critical when a different estimate could have reasonably been used or where changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and would materially impact our consolidated financial statements as of or for the periods presented. Management has discussed the development and selection of the critical accounting estimates noted below with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the accompanying disclosures. 
    
  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
    
  The allowance for loan and lease losses (the  Allowance ) is management s estimate of credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio at the balance sheet date. We maintain our Allowance at an amount we expect to be sufficient to absorb probable losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio based on a projection of probable net loan charge-offs. At   September 30, 2016  , we had an Allowance of   $59.4 million  , compared to   $63.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The Company s approach to developing the Allowance has three basic elements. These elements include specific reserves for individually impaired loans, a general allowance for loans other than those analyzed as individually impaired, and an unallocated reserve. These three methods are explained below: 
    
  Specific Reserve 
    
  Individually impaired loans in all loan categories are evaluated using one of three valuation methods as prescribed under ASC 310-10; Fair Value of Collateral, Observable Market Price, or Cash Flow. A loan is generally evaluated for impairment on an individual basis if it meets one or more of the following characteristics: risk-rated as substandard, doubtful or loss, loans on nonaccrual status, troubled debt restructures, or any loan deemed prudent by management to so analyze. If the valuation of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, the deficiency will be charged off against the Allowance or, alternatively, a specific reserve will be established and included in the overall Allowance balance. As of   September 30, 2016  , this specific reserve represented   $5 thousand   of the total Allowance, compared to   $0.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  General Allowance 
    
  In determining the general allowance component of the Allowance, the Company utilizes a comprehensive approach to segment the loan portfolio into homogeneous groups. Six criteria divide the Company s loan portfolio into 128 homogeneous sub-sectors. First, loans are divided by general geographic region (U.S. Mainland and Hawaii). Second, loans are subdivided according to FDIC classification (Construction, Commercial Mortgage, Commercial, Financial and Agricultural, Leases, Residential Mortgage, Consumer). Third, loans within the Construction category are further subdivided by collateral type (Commercial and Residential). Fourth, loans within the Residential Mortgage category are further subdivided by ownership  
  
   38 

type (Investor-owned and Owner-occupied). Fifth, loans are subdivided by state or for some, by County (All Hawaii, Hawaii Island, Kauai, Maui, Oahu, Other Hawaii, All U.S. Mainland, Los Angeles/Orange County CA, Riverside/San Bernardino CA, Sacramento/Placer/El Dorado/Yolo CA, San Diego CA, Washington/Oregon, Other U.S. Mainland). Finally, loans are further subdivided by risk rating (Pass, Special Mention, Substandard, and Doubtful). 
    
  For the purpose of determining general allowance loss factors, loss experience is derived from charge-offs and recoveries. A charge-off occurs when the Company makes the determination that an amount of debt is deemed to be uncollectible. Loans are also charged off when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and it is possible to make a reasonable estimate of the loss. Charge-offs are classified into sub-sectors according to the underlying loan s primary geography, loan category, collateral type (if applicable), investment type (if applicable), state/county, and the risk rating of the loan one year prior to the charge-off. A recovery occurs when a loan that is classified as a bad debt was either partially or fully charged off and has been subsequently recovered. Recoveries are classified according to the sub-sector of the earliest associated charge-off of the loan within the selected look-back period. The cumulative charge-offs are determined by summing all sub-sector-specific charge-offs that occurred within the selected look-back period and the cumulative recoveries are determined by summing the sub-sector-specific recoveries for each sub-sector. Sub-sector losses are measured by subtracting each sub-sector s cumulative recoveries from their respective cumulative charge-offs. Sub-sector losses are then divided by the sub-sector loan balance averaged over the look-back period to determine each sub-sector s historical loss rate. 
    
  From 2010 through 2013, the calculation of sub-sector loss factors involved a look-back period of eight quarters (for loans secured by real estate by FDIC classifications) or four quarters (for all other loans). The Company s then rapidly evolving loss experience necessitated the use of shorter loss analysis periods in order to ensure that loss rates would be adequately responsive to changes in loss experience. During that period, the Company considered recent loss data to be more relevant to the current period under analysis and consistent with commentary provided by our primary banking regulator. 
    
  As economic conditions continued to improve and stabilize, the Company experienced improving credit quality trends that contributed to consistent reductions to the Allowance. Given the diminishing loss rates, in the first quarter of 2014 the Company extended the look-back period for loans secured by real estate from 8 quarters to 17 quarters, with the intention of extending the look-back period each quarter thereafter to a total of 24 quarters or six years to incorporate broader loss experience through a more complete economic cycle. The Company believes this would also reduce the Company s reliance on proxy loss rates by capturing more of the Company s own historical loss experience in the extended look-back period. The Company also believes the longer look-back period is appropriate in light of the Company s limited loss experience throughout the recent economic recovery and stabilization. Additionally, as economic conditions have stabilized, the Company believes the lower loss rate volatility has diminished the need for shorter loss analysis periods that are more responsive to shifts in loss experience. The enhanced methodology does not incorporate data before 2010 due to the anomalous loss activity during that time period that may cause pre-2010 internal loss data to be an inappropriate representation of the current inherent risk in the Company s loan portfolio. In our revised approach, the losses during the six year look-back period are weighted to place more emphasis on recent loss experience. At   September 30, 2016  , the look-back period for loans secured by real estate includes 24 quarters of historical loss experience. 
    
  Application of Proxies 
    
  The Company applies external proxies for minimum loss rates in those loan categories with negligible associated loss experience during the prescribed look-back period, including criticized credits. The Company believes the use of external proxies is a prudent approach versus using a zero loss factor for those loan categories that have negligible loss experience in the look-back period.  The external proxies used are based on four select credit loss rates tracked by Moody s Investor Service. 
    
  The following table describes the Moody s loss rate that is applied as a proxy to each loan category when no associated loss experience is registered in a sub-sector of the loan category over the relevant look-back period. 
    
                   Loan Segment 
      
    Proxy - Moody s Loss Rate 
      Commercial, Financial and Agricultural 
      
    Maximum of Last 5 Yrs  Annual Corporate Bond Loss Rate 
      Construction 
      
    Cumulative 2-Yr U.S. CMBS Loss Rate 
      Commercial Mortgage 
      
    Cumulative 2-Yr U.S. CMBS Loss Rate 
      Residential Mortgage 
      
    Cumulative 2-Yr U.S. RMBS/HEL Loss Rate 
      Consumer 
      
    1-Yr U.S. ABS excl. HEL Loss Rate 
      Leases 
      
    Maximum of Last 5 Yrs  Annual Corporate Bond Loss Rate 

39 

In those loan categories described in the table above, specific loss rate proxies are applied based on the equivalence of respective risk ratings between the proxy rate and the loan sub-sector. Based on the conformity of risk characterizations, B-rated proxy rates are matched to substandard loan segments (risk rating 8), Ba-rated proxy rates are matched to special mention loan segments (risk rating 7), and Aaa, Aa, A and Baa-rated proxy rates are matched to risk ratings strong quality, above average quality, average quality, and acceptable quality, respectively (risk ratings 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6). 
    
  For Pass-rated loan segments with no associated loss experience during the respective prescribed look-back periods, the proxy loss rate is determined by weighting each proxy loss rate (ratings Aaa, Aa, A and Baa) by the loan balance in each equivalent risk rating (strong, above average, average and acceptable quality, respectively). 
    
  In assessing the appropriateness of Moody s proxy rates, the Company conducted a comprehensive review of other potential sources of proxy loss data, evaluated the qualitative and quantitative factors influencing the relevance and reliability of proxy data, and performed a correlation analysis to determine the co-dependency of historical loss ratios with Moody s loss rates. The analysis compared historical loss ratios in each loan category to the associated Moody s loss rates over ten years. 
    
  In deciding whether the application of proxy rates is appropriate, a historical analysis was performed between historical loss ratios and Moody s loss rates.  The analysis revealed that the two metrics demonstrated a directionally consistent loss relationship in nearly every rating group and exhibited average to strong correlation across all rating groups in almost every segment. Given the results of the correlation analysis, the Company deemed application of these proxy loss rates to be reasonable and supportable. 
    
  Qualitative Adjustments 
    
  Our Allowance methodology uses qualitative adjustments for economic/market conditions and Company-specific conditions. The economic/market conditions factor is applied on a regional/geographic basis. The Company-specific condition factor is applied on a category basis. Two key indicators, personal income and unemployment, comprise the economic/market adjustment factor. 
    
  Personal income is analyzed by comparing average quarter-to-quarter percentage change trends reported by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. Specifically, the rolling four quarter average percentage change in personal income is calculated and compared to a baseline historical factor, calculated as the average quarter-to-quarter percentage change over the prior ten years. The difference between the current average change and the historical average change is utilized as the personal income component of the economic/market adjustment factor. 
    
  The second component of the economic/market factor, unemployment, is derived by comparing the current quarter unemployment rate, reported by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, to its ten year historical average. A constant scaling factor is applied to the difference between the current rate and the historical average in order to smooth significant period-to-period fluctuations. The result is utilized as the unemployment component of the economic factor. The personal income factor and unemployment factor are added together to determine each region s total economic/market adjustment factor. Management reviews the results of the qualitative adjustment factors to ensure it is consistent with the trends in the overall economy, and from time to time may make enhancements, if necessary, to ensure directional consistency. 
    
  The general allowance also incorporates qualitative adjustment factors that capture Company-specific conditions for which national/regional statistics are not available, or for which significant localized market specific events have not yet been captured within regional statistics or the Company s historical loss experience. Since we cannot predict with certainty the amount of loan and lease charge-offs that will be incurred and because the eventual level of loan and lease charge-offs are impacted by numerous conditions beyond our control, we use our historical loss experience adjusted for current conditions to determine both our Allowance and Provision. 
    
  In recognizing that current and relevant environmental (economic, market or other) conditions that can affect repayment may not yet be fully reflected in historical loss experience, qualitative assessments are conducted to factor in current loan portfolio and market intelligence. These adjustments, which are added to (or subtracted from) the loss ratio, consider the nature of the bank s primary markets and are reasonable, consistently determined and appropriately documented. Management reviews the results of the qualitative adjustment factors to ensure it is consistent with the trends and risks in our portfolio, and from time to time may make enhancements, if necessary, to ensure directional consistency. These qualitative adjustments for 2012 through 2016 include the following: 

40 

2012 

In the second quarter 2012, adjustment factors were added to the Pass- and Special Mention-rated commercial mortgage segments in consideration of the refinance risk associated with loans maturing over the next two years. Adjustment factors were not added to Substandard-rated loans due to the enhanced level of monitoring devoted to these credits, with impairment analysis performed as indicated. 

In the second quarter 2012, an adjustment factor was added in recognition of the delegation of increased credit authority to Line Division Management and changes in the underwriting and approval process for small business lending. This change involved moving from a judgmental underwriting process for all loans to a score-based approval process below a certain loan size threshold, and a streamlined judgmental process augmented by relationship officer involvement above a certain loan size threshold. This adjustment factor was subsequently removed in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
       
  2013 

In the first quarter of 2013, an adjustment factor was added to the Pass-rated residential mortgage segment in consideration of emerging concentration risk. In addition,  benchmark  loss rates were applied to loans generated via recent pre-approved and invitation to apply promotions in the direct consumer segment until historical loss data had been accumulated. Also, weighted adjustment factors were applied to the syndicated loan portfolio based on Moody s proxy default rates to account for increased risk associated with recent entrance into this sector and risk exposure attributed to the size of individual credits. 

In the second quarter of 2013, an adjustment factor was subtracted from the Pass-rated residential mortgage segment in consideration of the continued disparity between actual calculated historical loss rates and those provided by our primary regulator in 2010. 

In the third quarter of 2013, we purchased the first student loan pool. The expected loss rates were applied to the student loans in the direct consumer segment until historical loss data has been accumulated for this loan segment. 
       
  2014 

In the first quarter of 2014, the refinance risk qualitative adjustment factors for commercial mortgages were discontinued as the extension of the historical loss look-back period is deemed to capture a majority of the segment s refinance risk through the incorporation of more comprehensive economic data. 

In the first quarter of 2014, the previous methodology for Pass-rated residential mortgage sub-sectors based on guidance from our primary regulator in 2010 was discontinued in order to better reflect the bank s current exposure and actual loss experience. The Company deems the bank s actual loss experience to be more reflective of current portfolio conditions. 

In the first quarter of 2014, in consideration of portfolio concentration risk, benchmark adjustment factors were added to the Pass- and Special Mention-rated sub-sectors of segments with loan balances comprising greater than 20% of the total loan portfolio. The benchmark adjustment factors consider segment-specific annual loss rates over the economic cycle in order to determine a loss rate that adequately captures concentration risk. In the first quarter of 2014, the benchmark adjustment factors affected the Pass-rated residential mortgage and commercial mortgage segments. 

In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company determined that it was appropriate to separate U.S. Mainland commercial mortgages from Hawaii commercial mortgages for purposes of calculating concentration risk. In making this assessment, the Company considered the regulatory guidance and concluded that the U.S. Mainland commercial mortgages were no longer similar in credit performance to the credit performance of the Hawaii commercial mortgages such that they would necessarily  perform like a single large exposure.  This is supported by a correlation analysis conducted by the Company. In light of the statistical evidence demonstrating the reduced dependency between the credit performance of the two segments, the Company concluded that the U.S. Mainland commercial mortgage segment should not be included with the Hawaii commercial mortgage segment for the determination of portfolio concentration. 

41 

In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company adopted a time based graduated scale to reduce reliance on benchmark data by substituting our emerging actual experience in the pre-approved consumer loan and student loan portfolios of the consumer loan segment. 

In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company replaced a Moody s proxy loss rate designed to compensate for the large size of the individual loans and lack of experience with a qualitative factor based on the Company s emerging experience in the syndicated loan portfolio. The portfolio has begun to season and within the one year look-back period, we experienced a loss. The Company considers it prudent to augment the emerging experience of this portfolio with qualitative factors that are intended to compensate for lack of sufficient historical experience. 
       
  2015 

In the first and second quarters of 2015, we increased a qualitative factor applied to our national syndicated loan portfolio in consideration of updated proxy information which became available in the first quarter of 2015 and better defined portfolio attributes during the second quarter of 2015. 

In the third quarter of 2015, the Company enhanced its reasonableness review of the economic/market conditions qualitative factor and, if necessary, will adjust this factor to ensure directional consistency. 
       
  2016 

No material enhancements were made during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
       
  The sum of each sub-sector s historical loss rate plus a region-specific economic/market qualitative adjustment and category-specific other qualitative adjustment, as discussed in the above    Application of Proxies    section, is then multiplied by the sub-sector s period-ending loan balance to determine each sub-sector s general allowance provision. The sum of the 128 sub-sector general allowance provisions represents the general allowance provision of the entire portfolio. As of   September 30, 2016  , this general allowance represented   $57.4 million   of the total Allowance, compared to   $61.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  We continually monitor for updated and refined information sources which will enable us to enhance the quality of our Allowance methodology from time to time. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Bank intends to enhance and augment its methodology and processes for calculating the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses while continuing to appropriately reserve for losses inherent in our portfolio. The changes include conversion of existing estimation methods to new methods which incorporate additional detailed supporting analysis and reduce the administrative burden. 
    
  In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination processes, periodically review our Allowance. The determination of the Allowance requires us to make estimates of losses that are highly uncertain and involves a high degree of judgment. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. Changes in the estimate of the Allowance and related Provision could materially affect our operating results. 
    
  Unallocated Reserve 
    
  The Company maintains an unallocated Allowance amount to provide for other credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio that may not have been contemplated in the credit loss factors. The unallocated reserve is a measure to address judgmental estimates that are inevitably imprecise and it reflects an adjustment to the Allowance that is not attributable to specific categories of the loan portfolio. The unallocated reserve is distinct from and not captured in the Company s qualitative enhancements in the general component of the Allowance. These qualitative adjustments only capture direct and specific risks to our portfolio, whereas the unallocated reserve is intended to capture broader national and global economic risks that could potentially have a ripple effect on our loan portfolio. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , an unallocated estimate of   $2.0 million   and   $2.1 million  , respectively, was based on the Company s recognition of domestic (U.S. Mainland) and international events that pose heightened volatility in the isolated Hawaii market. Examples of such stressors are acts of terrorism, pandemic events, energy price volatility and Federal budget changes. Any of these in isolation or combination could have significant effects on two key drivers of the Hawaii economy: tourism and Federal spending. 
    
  Although the Company does not have direct exposure to the economic and political crises occurring internationally, the ripple effect of continuous uncertainty surrounding ultimate resolution, along with quantifiable measures once achieved, may result in  
  
   42 

increased risk to the Company from the standpoint of consequences to its customer base and impacts on the Hawaii tourism market. 
    
  Loans Held for Sale 
    
  Loans held for sale consists of the following two types: (1) Hawaii residential mortgage loans that are originated with the intent to sell them in the secondary market and (2) non-residential loans both in Hawaii and the U.S. Mainland that were originated with the intent to be held in our portfolio but were subsequently transferred to the held for sale category. Hawaii residential mortgage loans classified as held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value on an aggregate basis while the non-residential Hawaii and U.S. Mainland loans are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value on an individual basis. 
    
  When a non-residential loan is transferred to the held for sale category, the loan is recorded at the lower of cost or fair value. Any reduction in the loan s value is reflected as a write-down of the recorded investment resulting in a new cost basis, with a corresponding reduction in the Allowance. In subsequent periods, if the fair value of a loan classified as held for sale is less than its cost basis, a valuation adjustment is recognized in our consolidated statement of income in other operating expense and the carrying value of the loan is adjusted accordingly. The valuation adjustment may be recovered in the event that the fair value increases, which is also recognized in our consolidated statement of income in other operating expense. 
    
  The fair value of loans classified as held for sale are generally based upon quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, acceptance of firm offer letters with agreed upon purchase prices, discounted cash flow models that take into account market observable assumptions, or independent appraisals of the underlying collateral securing the loans. We report the fair values of the non-residential loans classified as held for sale net of applicable selling costs on our consolidated balance sheets. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , all of our loans held for sale were Hawaii residential mortgage loans. 
    
  Mortgage Servicing Rights 
    
  We utilize the amortization method to measure our mortgage servicing rights. Under the amortization method, we amortize our mortgage servicing rights in proportion to and over the period of net servicing income. Income generated as the result of new mortgage servicing rights is reported as gains on sales of loans. Amortization of the servicing rights is reported as amortization of other intangible assets in our consolidated statements of operations. Ancillary income is recorded in other income. Mortgage servicing rights are recorded when loans are sold to third-parties with servicing of those loans retained and we classify our entire mortgage servicing rights into one pool. 
    
  Initial fair value of the servicing right is calculated by a discounted cash flow model based on market value assumptions at the time of origination. We assess the servicing right for impairment using current market value assumptions at each reporting period. Assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model include mortgage prepayment speeds, discount rates, costs to service and ancillary income. Variations in our assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair values. Changes to our assumptions are made when current trends and market data indicate that new trends have developed. Current market value assumptions based on loan product types (fixed rate, adjustable rate and balloon loans) include average discount rates and prepayment speeds. Many of these assumptions are subjective and require a high level of management judgment. 
    
  Prepayment speeds may be affected by economic factors such as changes in home prices, market interest rates, the availability of alternative credit products to our borrowers and customer payment patterns. Prepayment speeds include the impact of all borrower prepayments, including full payoffs, additional principal payments and the impact of loans paid off due to foreclosure liquidations. As market interest rates decline, prepayment speeds will generally increase as customers refinance existing mortgages under more favorable interest rate terms. As prepayment speeds increase, anticipated cash flows will generally decline resulting in a potential reduction, or impairment, to the fair value of the capitalized mortgage servicing rights. Alternatively, an increase in market interest rates may cause a decrease in prepayment speeds and therefore an increase in fair value of mortgage servicing rights. 
    
  The fair value of our mortgage servicing rights is validated by first ensuring the completeness and accuracy of the loan data used in the valuation analysis. Additionally, the critical assumptions which come from independent sources are reviewed and include comparing actual results to forecast assumptions or evaluating the reasonableness of market assumptions in relation to the values and trends of assumptions used by peer banks. The validation process also includes reviewing key metrics such as the fair value as a percentage of the total unpaid principal balance of the mortgages serviced, and the resulting percentage as a multiple of the net servicing fee. These key metrics are tracked to ensure the trends are reasonable, and are periodically compared to peer banks. 

43 

We perform an impairment assessment of our mortgage servicing rights whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Our impairment assessments involve, among other valuation methods, the estimation of future cash flows and other methods of determining fair value. Estimating future cash flows and determining fair values is subject to judgments and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The variability of the factors we use to perform our impairment tests depend on a number of conditions, including the uncertainty about future events and cash flows. All such factors are interdependent and, therefore, do not change in isolation. Accordingly, our accounting estimates may materially change from period to period due to changing market factors. 
    
  Deferred Tax Assets and Tax Contingencies 
    
  Deferred tax assets ( DTAs ) and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards. A valuation allowance may be required if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the DTAs will not be realized. In determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary, we consider the level of taxable income in prior years, to the extent that carrybacks are permitted under current tax laws, as well as estimates of future taxable income and tax planning strategies that could be implemented to accelerate taxable income, if necessary. If our estimates of future taxable income were materially overstated or if our assumptions regarding the tax consequences of tax planning strategies were inaccurate, some or all of our DTAs may not be realized, which would result in a charge to earnings.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have a valuation allowance on our net DTA of   $2.8 million  , which relates to our California state income taxes as we do not expect to generate sufficient income in California to utilize the DTA. Given our five consecutive years of profitability and the expectation of continued profitability, strong asset quality, and well-capitalized position, we continue to believe that it is more likely than not that our remaining net DTA totaling   $52.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   will be realized. 
    
  The Company establishes income tax contingency reserves for potential tax liabilities related to uncertain tax positions that arise in the normal course of business. Tax benefits are recognized when we determine that it is more likely than not that such benefits will be realized. Where uncertainty exists due to the complexity of income tax statutes and where the potential tax amounts are significant, we generally seek independent tax opinions to support our positions. If our evaluation of the likelihood of the realization of benefits is inaccurate, we could incur additional income tax and interest expense that would adversely impact earnings, or we could receive tax benefits greater than anticipated which would positively impact earnings. 
    
  Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements on Future Filings 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers.    ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. This ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in GAAP when it becomes effective. ASU 2014-09 was initially effective for the Company s reporting period beginning on January 1, 2017. However, in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Deferral of the Effective Date  "     which defers the effective date by one year. For financial reporting purposes, the standard allows for either a full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption. The FASB has also issued additional updates to provide further clarification to specific implementation issues associated with ASU 2014-09.  These updates include ASU 2016-08, "  Principal versus Agent Considerations,  " ASU 2016-10, "  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,  "     and ASU 2016-12, "  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  " We are currently evaluating the potential impact the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, "  Financial Instruments  ." ASU 2016-01 changes the income statement impact of equity investments, and the recognition of changes in fair value of financial liabilities when the fair value option is selected. ASU 2016-01 is effective for the Company's reporting period beginning January 1, 2019. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "  Leases  ." ASU 2016-02 increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for the Company's reporting period beginning January 1, 2019. We are currently evaluating the potential impact the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "  Stock Compensation  " ASU 2016-09 simplifies the accounting for share-based payments. Specifically, the amendments: 1) require entities to record all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as an income tax benefit or expense in the income statement; 2) change the classification of excess tax benefits to an operating activity in the  
  
   44 

statement of cash flows; 3) allows entities to elect an accounting policy to either estimate the number of forfeitures or account for forfeitures when they occur; and 4) allows entities to withhold up to the maximum individual statutory tax rate without classifying the awards as a liability. ASU 2016-09 is effective for the Company's reporting period beginning January 1, 2017. The adoption of ASU 2016-09 could result in increased volatility to our reported income tax expense related to excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies for share-based payments. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements,  however, the actual amounts recognized in income tax expense will be dependent on the amount of share-based payments and our stock price at the time of vesting or exercise. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, "  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  " The ASU requires an organization to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue to use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances. Additionally, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. This update will be effective for the Company's reporting period beginning January 1, 2020. We are currently evaluating the potential impact the update will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Financial Summary 
    
  Net income for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $11.5 million  , or   $0.37   per diluted share, compared to   $12.2 million  , or   $0.38   per diluted share for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Net income for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $34.8 million  , or   $1.11   per diluted share, compared to   $34.9 million  , or   $1.06   per diluted share for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  The following table presents annualized returns on average assets and average shareholders  equity, and basic and diluted earnings per share for the periods indicated. 

Material Trends 
    
  While the U.S. economy is in its 7th year of recovery following the downturn, there is continued uncertainty in the global macroeconomic environment. The U.S. economic recovery continues to be weighed down by underutilization of labor forces, low level of inflation as a result of declining commodity prices, weakness in business investment and manufacturing, and increased concerns over the pace of the global economic recovery. In addition, the upcoming U.S. presidential election adds further to the uncertainty in the economic environment. 
    
  The majority of our operations are concentrated in the state of Hawaii. As a result, our performance is significantly influenced by the real estate markets and economic environment in Hawaii. Macroeconomic conditions also influence our performance.  A favorable business environment is generally characterized by expanding gross state product, low unemployment and rising personal income; while an unfavorable business environment is characterized by the reverse. 
    
  In its third quarter of 2016 report, the Hawaii Department of Business Economic Development   Tourism ( DBEDT ) projects Hawaii's economy, as measured by the growth of real gross domestic product, will grow steadily at a rate of   1.9%   for 2016 and 2017. According to the Blue Chip Economic Consensus Forecasts, the growth rate is projected to exceed the forecasted U.S. economic growth rate of 1.5% in 2016, however, for 2017, the Hawaii economic growth rate of   1.9%   is projected to be lower than the U.S. economic growth rate of 2.2%. 

45 

The Department of Labor and Industrial Relations reported that Hawaii s seasonally adjusted annual unemployment rate improved to   3.3%   in   September 30, 2016  , compared to   3.4%   in   September 30, 2015  . In addition, Hawaii s unemployment rate is among the lowest in the nation, and remained below the national seasonally adjusted unemployment rate of   5.0%  . DBEDT projects Hawaii s seasonally adjusted annual unemployment rate to be at   3.2%   in 2016. 
    
  Tourism continues to be Hawaii s center of strength and its most significant economic driver. Last year, Hawaii s strong visitor industry broke records for visitor arrivals and visitor spending for the fourth straight year, and through the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , is on pace for its fifth straight record-breaking year. According to the Hawaii Tourism Authority ( HTA ),   6.7 million   visitors visited the state in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . This was   an increase   of   2.6%   from the number of visitor arrivals in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Total spending by visitors   increased   to   $11.6 billion   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , or   an increase   of   $409.6 million  , or   3.7%  , from the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . According to DBEDT, total visitor arrivals and visitor spending are expected to increase   1.9%   and   3.2%   in 2016, respectively. 
    
  Historically, real estate lending has been a primary focus for us, including construction, residential mortgage and commercial mortgage loans. As a result, we are dependent on the strength of Hawaii s real estate market. According to the Honolulu Board of Realtors, Oahu unit sales volume increased by   4.8%   for single-family homes and   9.0%   for condominiums for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same time period last year. The median sales price for single-family homes on Oahu for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $732,000  , representing   an increase   of   5.2%   from   $696,000   in the same prior year period. The median sales price for condominiums on Oahu for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $386,000  , representing   an increase   of   8.7%   from   $355,000   in the same prior year period. We believe the Hawaii real estate market will remain stable during the remainder of 2016, however, there can be no assurance that this will occur. 
    
  As we have seen in the past, our operating results are significantly impacted by: (i) the economy in Hawaii, and to a significantly lesser extent, California, and (ii) the composition of our loan portfolio. Loan demand, deposit growth, Provision, asset quality, noninterest income and noninterest expense are all affected by changes in economic conditions. If the residential and commercial real estate markets we have exposure to deteriorate as they did in the latter part of 2007 through 2010, our results of operations would be negatively impacted. 

46 

Results of Operations 
    
  Net Interest Income 
    
  Net interest income, when annualized and expressed as a percentage of average interest earning assets, is referred to as  net interest margin.  Interest income, which includes loan fees and resultant yield information, is expressed on a taxable equivalent basis using an assumed income tax rate of 35%. A comparison of net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis ( net interest income ) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is set forth below. 

47 

Net interest income (expressed on a taxable-equivalent basis) was   $40.0 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , representing   an increase   of   4.2%   from   $38.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to a significant increase in average loans and leases balances as we continue to redeploy excess liquidity into higher yielding assets. Offsetting this increase was a 21 basis point ("bp") increase in rates paid on time deposits $100,000 and over. 
    
  Average yields earned on our interest-earning assets during the   third   quarter of   2016   decreased by 2 bp from the   third   quarter of   2015  . Average rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities increased by 7 bp in the   third   quarter of   2016   from the   third   quarter of   2015  . 

48 

Net interest income (expressed on a taxable-equivalent basis) was   $119.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , representing   an increase   of   6.1%   from   $113.0 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to a significant increase in average loans and leases balances as we continue to redeploy excess liquidity into higher yielding assets. Offsetting this increase was a 19 bp increase in rates paid on time deposits $100,000 and over. 
    
  Average yields earned on our interest-earning assets during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased by 2 bp from the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Average rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities increased by 6 bp in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Interest Income 
    
  Taxable-equivalent interest income was   $42.3 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , representing   an increase   of   5.8%   from   $40.0 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to a   $345.1 million   increase in average loans and leases compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  , accounting for approximately $3.4 million of the increase in interest income during the   third   quarter of   2016  . The increase was partially offset by a decrease in average taxable investment securities of   $56.6 million  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  , accounting for a decrease of approximately $0.3 million in interest income during the   third   quarter of   2016  . Average yields earned on loans and leases and investment securities decreased by 1 bp and 16 bp, respectively, compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  , decreasing interest income by approximately $0.1 million and $0.6 million, respectively. 
    
  Taxable-equivalent interest income was   $126.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , representing   an increase   of   7.4%   from   $117.7 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to a   $348.0 million   increase in average loans and leases compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , accounting for approximately $10.3 million of the increase in interest income during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The increase was partially offset by a decrease in average taxable investment securities of   $26.0 million  , compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , accounting for a decrease of approximately $0.5 million in interest income during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Average yields earned on investment securities and loans and leases decreased by 4 bp and 2 bp, respectively, compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , decreasing interest income by approximately $0.6 million and $0.5 million, respectively. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $2.3 million  , representing   an increase   of   42.9%   from the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to a 21 bp increase in average rates paid on time deposits $100,000 and over, which increased interest expense by $0.4 million. 
    
  Interest expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $6.6 million  , representing   an increase   of   38.7%   from the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to a 19 bp increase in average rates paid on time deposits $100,000 and over, which increased interest expense by $1.2 million. 
    
  Net Interest Margin 
    
  Our net interest margin was   3.25%   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   3.31%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . The decrease in our net interest margin reflects decreases of 1 bp and 16 bp on our average loans and leases and investment securities portfolios, respectively, combined with an increase in rates paid on our average time deposits $100,000 and over of 21 bp. 
    
  Our net interest margin was   3.29%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   3.31%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The decrease in our net interest margin reflects a   $348.0 million   increase in our average loans and leases. This increase was partially offset by a 2 bp decrease in rates paid on our average loans and leases portfolio, combined with a   $31.0 million   increase in average balance and a 19 bp increase in rates paid on time deposits $100,000 and over. 
    
  The historically low interest rate environment that we continue to operate in is the result of the target Fed Funds rate of 0% to 0.25% initially set by the Federal Reserve in the fourth quarter of 2008 and other economic policies implemented by the FRB, which continued through the third quarter of 2015. In December 2015, the Federal Reserve increased the target Fed Funds range to 0.25% to 0.50% based on the improvement in labor market conditions and positive economic outlook, and the range has remained unchanged through the   third   quarter of 2016. 
  We continue to expect the target Fed Funds rate to remain low through the remainder of 2016, as longer-term inflation continues to run below the Federal Open Market Committee's 2% longer-run objective and global macroeconomic uncertainties  
  
   49 

continue from the recent decision from the U.K. to exit the European Union. We expect the yield curve to remain relatively unchanged through the remainder of 2016, as concerns about the ability to maintain a sustained economic recovery still remain. Thus, we expect our net interest margin to remain relatively unchanged. 
    
  Provision for Loan and Lease Losses 
    
  Our Provision was a   credit   of   $0.7 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to a   credit   of   $3.6 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . Our   net charge-offs   were   $0.6 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   net recoveries   of   $3.4 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  Our Provision was a   credit   of   $2.9 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to a   credit   of   $13.7 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Our   net charge-offs   were   $1.1 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   net recoveries   of   $6.3 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
    
  The credit to the provision for loan and lease losses in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily attributable to improving trends in credit quality. Nonperforming assets as of   September 30, 2016   decreased by   $4.6 million   from   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Other Operating Income 
    
  The following table sets forth components of other operating income for the periods indicated: 

For the   third   quarter of   2016  , total other operating income of   $11.0 million     increas  ed   by   $1.1 million  , or   11.7%  , from   $9.8 million   in the year-ago quarter. The   increase   from the comparable prior year period was primarily due to higher net gains on sales of residential mortgage loans of $0.7 million. In addition, we recorded net unrealized losses on loans-held-for-sale and interest rate lock commitments of $0.6 million in the year-ago quarter, compared to net unrealized gains on loans-held-for-sale and interest rate lock commitments of $13 thousand recorded in the current quarter. These increases were partially offset by lower other recoveries and lower net gains on sales of foreclosed assets of $0.2 million each compared to the year-ago quarter. 
  
   50 

For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , total other operating income of   $32.8 million     increased   by   $3.7 million  , or   12.7%  , from   $29.1 million   in the comparable prior year period. The   increase   from the comparable prior year period was primarily due to investment securities losses of $1.9 million recorded in the comparable prior year period, higher income from bank-owned life insurance of $0.8 million, and higher net gains on sales of residential mortgage loans of $0.7 million. The investment securities losses recorded in the comparable prior year period was primarily attributable to the sale of $119.4 million in available-for-sale securities which were sold as part of an investment portfolio repositioning designed to improve profitability. The higher income from bank-owned life insurance was primarily attributable to death benefit proceeds received in the second quarter of 2016 totaling $0.5 million.  
  
   51 

Other Operating Expense 
    
  The following table sets forth components of other operating expense for the periods indicated: 

For the   third   quarter of   2016  , total other operating expense was   $33.3 million   and   increased   by   $1.1 million  , or   3.5%  , from   $32.2 million   in the year-ago quarter. The   increase   from the year-ago quarter was primarily attributable to a credit to the provision for residential mortgage loan repurchase losses of $0.9 million recorded in the year-ago quarter. In addition, we recorded higher advertising expense and higher salaries and employee benefits of $0.3 million each. These increases were partially offset by a lower FDIC insurance assessment of $0.3 million and a lower increase to the reserve for unfunded commitments of $0.2 million compared to the year-ago quarter. 
  
   52 

For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , total other operating expense was   $100.4 million   and   increased   by   $1.7 million  , or   1.7%  , from   $98.7 million   in the comparable prior year period. The   increase   from the comparable prior year period was primarily attributable to higher salaries and employee benefits of $2.7 million, higher amortization of mortgage servicing rights of $0.9 million, higher computer software expense of $0.4 million, and a lower credit to the provision for residential mortgage loan repurchase losses of $0.4 million, partially offset by lower charitable contributions of $1.9 million, lower legal and professional services of $0.6 million, and a lower FDIC insurance assessment of $0.5 million. The higher salaries and employee benefits is primarily attributable to a one-time reversal in the comparable prior year period of $2.4 million related to an accrual for a former executive officer's retirement benefits which were not paid. The higher amortization of mortgage servicing rights was primarily attributable to the decline in long-term market interest rates. The lower charitable contributions was primarily attributable to a $2.0 million contribution to the Central Pacific Bank Foundation in the comparable prior year period. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  For the   third   quarter of   2016  , the Company recorded income tax expense of   $6.4 million   compared to   $6.9 million   in the same prior year period. The effective tax rate for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   35.79%   compared to   36.11%   in the same prior year period. 
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded income tax expense of   $18.8 million   compared to   $20.6 million   in the same prior year period. The effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   35.07%   compared to   37.10%   in the same prior year period. 
    
  Income tax expense decreased in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   due to a decrease in operating income. Income tax expense and the effective tax rate in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was also impacted by $0.5 million in death benefit proceeds from bank-owned life insurance received in the second quarter of 2016, which is tax-exempt. Additionally, income tax expense and the effective tax rate in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was  
  
   53 

impacted by $0.6 million in additional state income tax expense resulting from the reduction in deferred tax liabilities related to the redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines membership stock in June 2015. 
    
  The remaining valuation allowance on our net DTA totaled $2.8 million at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , which related to our California state income taxes as we do not expect to generate sufficient income in California to utilize the DTA. Net of this valuation allowance, the Company s net DTA totaled   $52.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to a net DTA of   $82.0 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , and is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. The decrease in net DTA is primarily due to utilization of net operating loss carryforwards to offset taxable income and income tax credit carryforwards. 
    
  Financial Condition 
    
  Total assets at   September 30, 2016   of   $5.32 billion     increased   by   $188.7 million   from   $5.13 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Investment Securities 
    
  Investment securities of   $1.49 billion   at   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $31.4 million  , or   2.1%  , from   December 31, 2015  . The decrease reflects principal runoff and a   $3.4 million   decrease in the market valuation on the available-for-sale portfolio, offset by investment securities purchases totaling   $112.9 million  . 
    
  Loans and Leases 
    
  The following table sets forth information regarding our outstanding loans and leases by category and geographic location as of the dates indicated. 

54 

Loans and leases, net of deferred income/costs, of   $3.44 billion   at   September 30, 2016     increased   by   $228.1 million  , or   7.1%  , from   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   reflects net   increase  s in the following loan portfolios:   commercial mortgage   of   $102.0 million  ,   home equity   of   $49.3 million  ,   automobiles   of   $27.3 million  ,   residential mortgage   of   $26.4 million  ,   construction   of   $23.3 million  , and   other consumer   of   $13.2 million  . These   increase  s were offset by a net   decrease   in the   commercial, financial and agricultural   loan portfolio of   $13.1 million  . The net   increase   in the loan portfolio also reflects loan charge-offs totaling   $4.7 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

55 

The Hawaii loan portfolio   increase  d by   $242.5 million  , or   8.7%  , from   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   reflects net   increase  s in the following loan portfolios:   commercial mortgage   of   $99.7 million  ,   home equity   of   $49.3 million  ,   commercial, financial and agricultural   of   $27.8 million  ,   residential mortgage   of   $26.4 million  ,   construction   of   $23.6 million  , and   automobiles   of   $15.3 million  . These increases in the real estate portfolios were primarily due to an increased demand from both new and existing customers as the real estate economy in Hawaii has continued to improve. 
    
  The U.S. Mainland loan portfolio   decrease  d by   $14.4 million  , or   3.3%   from   December 31, 2015  . The net   decrease   was primarily attributable to runoff of the commercial, financial, and agricultural loan portfolio, partially offset by net increases in the consumer loan portfolios. The net increases in the consumer loan portfolios were primarily due to consumer loan portfolio purchases.  
    
  In March 2016, we purchased a direct auto loan portfolio totaling $23.2 million, which included a $0.3 million premium over the $22.9 million outstanding balance. At the time of purchase, the auto loans had a weighted average remaining term of 56 months and a weighted average yield of 3.88%. During the first quarter of 2016, we also purchased unsecured consumer loans totaling $29.2 million, which represented the outstanding balances at the time of purchases. At the time of purchases, the unsecured consumer loans had a weighted average remaining term of 38 months and a weighted average interest rate of 7.55%.  
    
  In May 2016, we purchased another direct auto loan portfolio totaling $18.0 million which included a $0.5 million premium over the $17.5 million outstanding balance. At the time of purchase, the auto loans had a weighted average remaining term of 75 months and a weighted average yield of 3.75%. During the second quarter of 2016, we also purchased unsecured consumer loans totaling $7.3 million, which represented the outstanding balance at the time of purchases. At the time of purchases, the unsecured consumer loans had a weighted average remaining term of 37 months and a weighted average interest rate of 7.57%. 
    
  We did not purchase any loans in the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  Nonperforming Assets, Accruing Loans Delinquent for 90 Days or More, Restructured Loans Still Accruing Interest 
    
  The following table sets forth nonperforming assets, accruing loans delinquent for 90 days or more and restructured loans still accruing interest as of the dates indicated. 
  
   56 

The following table sets forth activity in nonperforming assets as of the date indicated. 

57 

Nonperforming assets, which includes nonaccrual loans and leases and other real estate, totaled   $11.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $16.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . There were no nonperforming loans classified as held for sale at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The   decrease   in nonperforming assets from   December 31, 2015   was attributable to   $4.0 million   in repayments,   $4.4 million   in loans restored to accrual status, and   $2.6 million   in sales of nonperforming assets, offset by gross additions of   $6.3 million  . 
    
  Net changes to nonperforming assets by category included net decreases in Hawaii commercial mortgage assets of $4.1 million and Hawaii residential mortgage assets of $1.4 million, offset by a net increase in Hawaii commercial assets of $1.0 million. 
    
  Troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) included in nonperforming assets at   September 30, 2016   totaled   $3.8 million   and consisted of   20     Hawaii residential mortgage   loans with a combined principal balance of   $3.0 million   and   three     Hawaii commercial, financial and agricultural   loans with a combined principal balance of   $0.8 million  .  
    
  Concessions made to the original contractual terms of these loans consisted primarily of the deferral of interest and/or principal payments due to deterioration in the borrowers  financial condition. The principal balances on these TDRs had matured and/or were in default at the time of restructure and we have no commitments to lend additional funds to any of these borrowers. There were   $17.8 million   of TDRs still accruing interest at   September 30, 2016  ,   none   of which were more than   90 days   delinquent. At   December 31, 2015  , there were   $20.3 million   of TDRs still accruing interest,   none   of which were more than   90 days   delinquent. 

58 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
    
  The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the Allowance as of the dates and for the periods indicated: 

Our Allowance at   September 30, 2016   totaled   $59.4 million   compared to   $63.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The decrease in our Allowance during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , was a direct result of a credit to the Provision of   $2.9 million   and by   $1.1 million   in   net charge-offs  . 
    
  Our Allowance as a percentage of total loans and leases   decreased   from   1.97%   at   December 31, 2015   to   1.73%   at   September 30, 2016  . Our Allowance as a percentage of nonperforming assets   increased   from   390.10%   at   December 31, 2015   to   509.03%   at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  In accordance with GAAP, loans held for sale and other real estate assets are not included in our assessment of the Allowance. 

59 

Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 
    
  The bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (the  FHLB ). FHLB membership stock of   $12.2 million   at   September 30, 2016     increased   by   $3.6 million  , or   41.45%  , from the FHLB membership stock balance at   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Deposits 
    
  Total deposits of   $4.52 billion   at   September 30, 2016   reflected   an increase   of   $85.1 million  , or   1.9%  , from total deposits of   $4.43 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   was attributable to net   increase  s in   noninterest-bearing demand deposits   of   $49.3 million  ,   government time deposits   of   $43.3 million  , and   interest-bearing demand deposits   of   $24.2 million  . These   increase  s were offset by net   decrease  s in savings and money market deposits of   $19.6 million   and   time deposits less than $100,000   of   $14.9 million  . 
    
  Core deposits, which we define as demand deposits, savings and money market deposits, and time deposits less than $100,000, totaled   $3.62 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   increase  d by   $39.0 million  , or   1.1%  , from   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The following table sets forth the composition of our deposits by category for the periods indicated: 

Capital Resources 
    
  In order to ensure adequate levels of capital, we conduct an ongoing assessment of projected sources and uses of capital in conjunction with an analysis of the size and quality of our assets, the level of risk and regulatory capital requirements. As part of this ongoing assessment, the Board of Directors reviews our capital position on an ongoing basis to ensure it is adequate, including, but not limited to, need for raising additional capital or returning capital to our shareholders, including the ability to declare cash dividends or repurchase our securities. 
    
  Common Stock 
    
  Shareholders  equity totaled   $519.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $494.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in total shareholders  equity was attributable to net income of   $34.8 million   and   other comprehensive income   of   $16.4 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , partially offset by the repurchase of   636,922   shares of common stock  under our repurchase program, at a cost of   $14.1 million  , and cash dividends paid of   $13.7 million  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repurchased approximately   2.0%   of our common stock outstanding as of   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Holding Company Capital Resources 
    
  As a Hawaii state-chartered bank, the bank may only pay dividends to the extent it has retained earnings as defined under Hawaii banking law ( Statutory Retained Earnings ), which differs from GAAP retained earnings. As of   September 30, 2016  , the bank had Statutory Retained Earnings of   $78.8 million  . On   October 26, 2016  , the Company s Board of Directors declared a  
  
   60 

cash dividend of   $0.16   per share on the Company s outstanding common stock, which was in-line with the   second   quarter of   2016   and a   14.3%   increase from the   $0.14   per share in the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  Dividends are payable at the discretion of the Board of Directors and there can be no assurance that the Board of Directors will continue to pay dividends at the same rate, or at all, in the future. Our ability to pay cash dividends to our shareholders is subject to restrictions under federal and Hawaii law, including restrictions imposed by the FRB and covenants set forth in various agreements we are a party to, including covenants set forth in our subordinated debentures. 
    
  In January 2016, the Board of Directors approved the authorization to repurchase up to $30.0 million of the Company's common stock (the "2016 Repurchase Plan"), which supersedes in its entirety the repurchase plan that was previously approved by the Board of Directors. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $15.9 million   remained of the total $30.0 million total repurchase amount authorized by the Board of Directors under the 2016 Repurchase Plan. The plan has no set expiration or termination date. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , on a stand-alone basis, CPF had an available cash balance of approximately   $20.8 million   in order to meet its ongoing obligations. 
    
  Trust Preferred Securities 
    
  We have four statutory trusts, CPB Capital Trust II, CPB Statutory Trust III, CPB Capital Trust IV and CPB Statutory Trust V, which issued a total of   $90.0 million   in trust preferred securities. Our obligations with respect to the issuance of the trust preferred securities constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of each trust s obligations with respect to its trust preferred securities. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, we may elect from time to time to defer subordinated debenture interest payments, which would result in a deferral of dividend payments on the related trust preferred securities, for up to 20 consecutive quarterly periods without default or penalty. 
    
  Regulatory Capital Ratios 
    
  General capital adequacy regulations adopted by the FRB and FDIC require an institution to maintain minimum leverage capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-based capital, and common equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratios. In addition to these uniform risk-based capital guidelines and leverage ratios that apply across the industry, the regulators have the discretion to set individual minimum capital requirements for specific institutions at rates significantly above the minimum guidelines and ratios. For a further discussion of the effect of forthcoming changes in required regulatory capital ratios, see the discussion in our 2015 Form 10-K  Business   Supervision and Regulation.  
    
  The Company s and the bank s leverage capital, tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-based capital, and CET1 risk-based capital ratios as of   September 30, 2016   were above the levels required for a  well capitalized  regulatory designation. 

61 

The following table sets forth the Company s and the bank s capital ratios, as well as the minimum capital adequacy requirements applicable to all financial institutions as of the dates indicated. 

Liquidity and Borrowing Arrangements 
    
  Our objective in managing liquidity is to maintain a balance between sources and uses of funds in order to economically meet the cash requirements of customers for loans and deposit withdrawals and participate in lending and investment opportunities as they arise. We monitor our liquidity position in relation to changes in loan and deposit balances on a daily basis to ensure maximum utilization, maintenance of an adequate level of readily marketable assets and access to short-term funding sources. 
    
  Core deposits have historically provided us with a sizable source of relatively stable and low cost funds, but are subject to competitive pressure in our market. In addition to core deposit funding, we also have access to a variety of other short-term and long-term funding sources, which include proceeds from maturities of our investment securities, as well as secondary funding sources such as the FHLB, secured repurchase agreements and the Federal Reserve discount window, available to meet our liquidity needs. While we historically have had access to these other funding sources, access to these sources may not be guaranteed and can be restricted in the future as a result of market conditions or the Company s and bank s financial position. 
    
  The bank is a member of and maintained a   $1.4 billion   line of credit with the FHLB as of   September 30, 2016  . Short-term borrowings under this arrangement totaled   $150.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $69.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. There were   no   long-term borrowings under this arrangement at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . FHLB advances outstanding at   September 30, 2016   were secured by unencumbered investment securities with a fair value of   $0.3 million   and certain real estate loans with a carrying value of   $1.8 billion   in accordance with the collateral  
  
   62 

provisions of the Advances, Security and Deposit Agreement with the FHLB. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $1.2 billion   was undrawn under this arrangement. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our bank had additional unused borrowings available at the Federal Reserve discount window of   $68.4 million   and   $40.8 million  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , certain commercial and commercial real estate loans with a carrying value totaling   $129.5 million   and   $87.3 million  , respectively, were pledged as collateral on our line of credit with the Federal Reserve discount window. The Federal Reserve does not have the right to sell or repledge these loans. 
    
  Our ability to maintain adequate levels of liquidity is dependent on our ability to continue to maintain our strong risk profile and capital base. Our liquidity may also be negatively impacted by weakness in the financial markets and industry-wide reductions in liquidity. 
    
  Contractual Obligations 
    
  Information regarding our contractual obligations is provided in Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . There have been no material changes in our contractual obligations since   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market rates/prices such as interest rates, foreign currency rates, commodity prices and equity prices. Our primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk that occurs when rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities mature or reprice during different periods or in differing amounts. Asset/liability management attempts to coordinate our rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities to meet our financial objectives. The Asset/Liability Committee ( ALCO ) monitors interest rate risk through the use of interest rate sensitivity gap, net interest income and market value of portfolio equity simulation, and rate shock analyses. Adverse interest rate risk exposures are managed through the shortening or lengthening of the duration of assets and liabilities. 
    
  The primary analytical tool we use to measure and manage our interest rate risk is a simulation model that projects changes in net interest income ( NII ) as market interest rates change. Our ALCO policy requires that simulated changes in NII should be within certain specified ranges, or steps must be taken to reduce interest rate risk. The results of the model indicate that the mix of rate-sensitive assets and liabilities at   September 30, 2016   would not result in a fluctuation of NII that would exceed the established policy limits. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  As of the end of the period covered by this report and pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ), the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness and design of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  As of the end of the period covered by this report, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

63 

PART II.   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  There have been no material changes from the Risk Factors as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016. 

Item 2.               Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  In the   three months ended September 30, 2016  ,   144,000   shares of common stock, at an aggregate cost of   $3.5 million  , excluding fees and expenses, were repurchased under this program as described in the table below. A total of   $15.9 million   remained available for repurchase under the program at   September 30, 2016  .  

(1) 
    On January 27, 2016, our Board of Directors (the  BOD ) approved the authorization to repurchase up to $30.0 million of the Company's common stock (the "2016 Repurchase Plan"), which supersedes in its entirety the repurchase plan that was previously approved by the BOD. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $15.9 million   remained of the total $30.0 million total repurchase amount authorized by the BOD under the 2016 Repurchase Plan. The plan has no set expiration or termination date. 

64 

Item 6. Exhibits 

*                                       Filed herewith. 
    
  **                                Furnished herewith. 

65 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. 
        
    (Registrant) 

Date:  November 8, 2016 
    /s/ A. Catherine Ngo 
        
    A. Catherine Ngo 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:  November 8, 2016 
    /s/ David S. Morimoto 
        
    David S. Morimoto 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

66 

Central Pacific Financial Corp. 
  Exhibit Index 

67 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q393016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer in 
  Accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, A. Catherine Ngo, President and Chief Executive Officer of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the  Company ), certify that: 
    
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company; 
       
           (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
       
           (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
       
           (4) 
    The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and we have: 
       
           (a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           (5) 
    The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    /s/ A. Catherine Ngo 

A. Catherine Ngo 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q393016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer in 
  Accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, David S. Morimoto, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the  Company ), certify that: 
    
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company; 
       
           (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
       
           (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
       
           (4) 
    The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and we have: 
       
           (a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           (5) 
    The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    /s/ David S. Morimoto 

David S. Morimoto 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q393016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer in 
  Accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, A. Catherine Ngo, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    /s/ A. Catherine Ngo 

A. Catherine Ngo 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
  This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q393016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer in 
  Accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David S. Morimoto, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    /s/ David S. Morimoto 

David S. Morimoto 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
  This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cpf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cpf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cpf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cpf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cpf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cpf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

