<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_350563_0001564590-16-028016_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17388855</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223293</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>468207</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4246383</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6361009</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3578063</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028016.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107180344
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TECO ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000350563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				592052286
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08180
		FILM NUMBER:		161979433

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		702 N FRANKLIN ST
		STREET 2:		TECO PLAZA
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8132284111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		702 N FRANKLIN ST
		STREET 2:		TECO PLAZA
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TAMPA ELECTRIC CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096271
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				590475140
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05007
		FILM NUMBER:		161979434

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		702 N FRANKLIN ST
		STREET 2:		TECO PLZA
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8132284111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TAMPA ELECTRIC CO
		STREET 2:		TECO PLAZA 702 N FRANKLIN ST
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028016.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 te-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

te-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR  

For the transition period from                        to                         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     YES           NO         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants have submitted electronically and posted on their corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to submit and post such files).     YES           NO         
 Indicate by check mark whether TECO Energy, Inc. is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether Tampa Electric Company is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether TECO Energy, Inc. is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     YES           NO         
 Indicate by check mark whether Tampa Electric Company is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     YES           NO         
 As of Nov. 4, 2016, there were 1,000 shares of TECO Energy, Inc. s common stock outstanding, all of which were held, beneficially and of record, by Emera US Holdings Inc. As of Nov. 4, 2016, there were 10 shares of Tampa Electric Company s common stock issued and outstanding, all of which were held, beneficially and of record, by TECO Energy, Inc.  
 Tampa Electric Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction (H) (1) (a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format.  
 This combined Form 10-Q represents separate filings by TECO Energy, Inc. and Tampa Electric Company. Information contained herein relating to an individual registrant is filed by that registrant on its own behalf. Each registrant makes representations only as to information relating to itself and its subsidiaries.  

DEFINITIONS   
 Acronyms and defined terms used in this and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission include the following:  

Term  

Meaning  

ABS  

asset-backed security  

AFUDC  

allowance for funds used during construction  

AFUDC-debt  

debt component of allowance for funds used during construction  

AFUDC-equity  

equity component of allowance for funds used during construction  

AMT  

alternative minimum tax  

AOCI  

accumulated other comprehensive income  

APBO  

accumulated postretirement benefit obligation  

ARO  

asset retirement obligation  

BACT  

Best Available Control Technology  

CAIR  

Clean Air Interstate Rule  

Cambrian   

Cambrian Coal Corporation  

capacity clause  

capacity cost-recovery clause, as established by the FPSC  

CCRs  

coal combustion residuals  

CES  

Continental Energy Systems  

CMO  

collateralized mortgage obligation  

CNG  

compressed natural gas  

company  

TECO Energy, Inc.  

CPI  

consumer price index  

CSAPR  

Cross State Air Pollution Rule  

CO  2    

carbon dioxide  

CT  

combustion turbine  

DR-CAFTA  

Dominican Republic Central America   United States Free Trade Agreement  

ECRC  

environmental cost recovery clause  

EEI  

Edison Electric Institute  

EGWP  

Employee Group Waiver Plan  

Emera  

Emera Inc., a geographically diverse energy and services company headquartered in Nova Scotia, Canada  

EPA  

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  

EPS  

earnings per share  

ERISA  

Employee Retirement Income Security Act  

EROA  

expected return on plan assets  

EUSHI  

Emera US Holdings Inc.  

FASB  

Financial Accounting Standards Board  

FDEP  

Florida Department of Environmental Protection  

FERC  

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission  

FGT  

Florida Gas Transmission Company  

FPSC  

Florida Public Service Commission  

GCBF  

gas cost billing factor  

GHG  

greenhouse gas(es)  

HAFTA  

Highway and Transportation Funding Act  

HCIDA  

Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority  

ICSID  

International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes  

IGCC  

integrated gasification combined-cycle  

IOU  

investor owned utility  

IRS  

Internal Revenue Service  

ISDA  

International Swaps and Derivatives Association  

ITCs  

investment tax credits  

KW  

kilowatt(s)  

KWH  

kilowatt-hour(s)  

LIBOR  

London Interbank Offered Rate  

MAP-21  

Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act  

MBS  

mortgage-backed securities  

MD A  

the section of this report entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Merger  

Merger of Merger Sub Company with and into TECO Energy, with TECO Energy as the surviving corporation  

2 

Term  

Meaning  

Merger Agreement   

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated Sept. 4, 2015, by and among TECO Energy, Emera and Merger Sub Company  

Merger Sub Company  

Emera US Inc., a Florida corporation  

MMA  

The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003  

MMBTU  

one million British Thermal Units  

MRV  

market-related value  

MW  

megawatt(s)  

MWH  

megawatt-hour(s)  

NAESB  

North American Energy Standards Board  

NAV  

net asset value  

NMGC  

New Mexico Gas Company, Inc.  

NMGI  

New Mexico Gas Intermediate, Inc.  

NMPRC  

New Mexico Public Regulation Commission  

NOL  

net operating loss  

Note  

Note to consolidated financial statements  

NO  x    

nitrogen oxide  

NPNS  

normal purchase normal sale  

NYMEX  

New York Mercantile Exchange  

O M expenses  

operations and maintenance expenses  

OCI  

other comprehensive income  

OPC  

Office of Public Counsel  

OPEB  

other postretirement benefits  

OTC  

over-the-counter  

Parent  

TECO Energy (the holding company, excluding subsidiaries)  

PBGC  

Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation  

PBO  

postretirement benefit obligation  

PCI  

pulverized coal injection  

PGA  

purchased gas adjustment  

PGAC  

purchased gas adjustment clause  

PGS  

Peoples Gas System, the gas division of Tampa Electric Company  

PPA  

power purchase agreement  

PPSA  

Power Plant Siting Act  

PRP  

potentially responsible party  

R D  

research and development  

REIT  

real estate investment trust  

RFP  

request for proposal  

ROE  

return on common equity  

Regulatory ROE  

return on common equity as determined for regulatory purposes  

ROW  

rights-of-way  

S P  

Standard and Poor s  

SCR  

selective catalytic reduction  

SEC  

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  

SO  2    

sulfur dioxide  

SERP  

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan  

SPA  

Securities Purchase Agreement dated Sept. 21, 2015, by and between TECO Diversified and Cambrian relating to the purchase of TECO Coal by Cambrian  

STIF  

short-term investment fund  

Tampa Electric  

Tampa Electric, the electric division of Tampa Electric Company  

TCAE  

Tampa Centro Americana de Electridad, Limitada, majority owner of the Alborada Power Station  

TEC  

Tampa Electric Company, the principal subsidiary of TECO Energy, Inc.  

TECO Coal  

TECO Coal LLC, and its subsidiaries, a coal producing subsidiary of TECO Diversified  

TECO Diversified  

TECO Diversified, Inc., a subsidiary of TECO Energy, Inc. and parent of TECO Coal Corporation  

TECO Energy  

TECO Energy, Inc.  

TECO Finance  

TECO Finance, Inc., a financing subsidiary for the unregulated businesses of TECO Energy, Inc.  

TECO Guatemala  

TECO Guatemala, Inc., a subsidiary of TECO Energy, Inc., parent company of formerly owned generating and transmission assets in Guatemala  

TGH  

TECO Guatemala Holdings, LLC  

TRC  

TEC Receivables Company  

TSI  

TECO Services, Inc.  

3 

Term  

Meaning  

U.S. GAAP   

generally accepted accounting principles in the United States  

VIE  

variable interest entity  

WRERA  

The Worker, Retiree and Employer Recovery Act of 2008  

4 
 
    PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
   
 Item 1. CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
 5 
 
    TECO ENERGY, INC.   
     Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  
   
 6 
 
           TECO ENERGY, INC.   
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets - continued 
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  
 7 
 
    TECO ENERGY, INC.   
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements. 
   
 8 
 
    TECO ENERGY, INC.   
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements. 
   
 9 

TECO ENERGY, INC.  
     Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  

10 
 
    TECO ENERGY, INC.   
     Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  

11 
 
    TECO ENERGY, INC.   
     Consolidated Condensed Statements of Capital  
 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

12 

TECO ENERGY, INC.  
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 UNAUDITED  
   
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 See TECO Energy, Inc. s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of the company s accounting policies. The significant accounting policies for all utility and diversified operations include:  
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation  
 Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management, the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements include all adjustments that are of a recurring nature and necessary to state fairly the financial position of TECO Energy, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for the entire fiscal year ending Dec. 31, 2016.  
 The use of estimates is inherent in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The year-end consolidated condensed balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements; however, this quarterly report on Form 10-Q does not include all year-end disclosures required for an annual report on Form 10-K by U.S. GAAP.  
 On July 1, 2016, TECO Energy and Emera completed the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement entered into on Sept. 4, 2015. As a result of the Merger, the Merger Sub Company merged with and into TECO Energy with TECO Energy continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Emera. The acquisition method of accounting was not pushed down to TECO Energy or its subsidiaries. See  Note 14  for further information. 
 Revenues  
 As of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, unbilled revenues of $71.3 million and $81.1 million, respectively, are included in the  Receivables  line item on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets.  
 Accounting for Franchise Fees and Gross Receipt Taxes  
 Tampa Electric and PGS are allowed to recover certain costs from customers on a dollar-per-dollar basis through rates approved by the FPSC. The amounts included in customers  bills for franchise fees and gross receipt taxes are included as revenues on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income. Franchise fees and gross receipt taxes payable by Tampa Electric and PGS are included as an expense on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income in  Taxes, other than income . These amounts totaled $32.6 million and $89.2 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $31.7 million and $88.3 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015, respectively.  
 NMGC is an agent in the collection and payment of franchise fees and gross receipt taxes and is not required by a tariff to present the amounts on a gross basis. Therefore, NMGC s franchise fees and gross receipt taxes are presented net with no line-item impact on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income. 
   
 2. New Accounting Pronouncements  
 Change in Accounting Policy 
 The new U.S. GAAP accounting policies that are applicable to and were adopted by the company are described as follows:  
   
 Interest   Imputation of Interest 
 In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest , which simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs. The amendments require debt issuance costs be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs is not affected. The company adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016, and Dec. 31, 2015 balances have been retrospectively restated. This change resulted in $27.7 million of debt issuance costs as of Dec. 31, 2015, previously presented as  Deferred charges and other assets , being reclassified as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related  Long-term debt, less amount due within one year  line item on its Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet.  In accordance with ASU 2015-15  Interest: Imputation of Interest , the company continues to present debt issuance costs related to its letter of credit arrangements and related instruments in  Prepayments and other current assets  on its Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. 
   
 13 
 
    Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting   Relationships  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.   The standard clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a derivative contract, in and of itself, does not require the dedesignation of a hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.   The company early adopted in the third quarter of 2016 as permitted. 
    
 Compensation   Stock Compensation 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation  to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, accounting for forfeitures, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and presentation on the statement of cash flows.  The company early adopted as permitted in the first quarter of 2016. Each aspect has an accounting impact and was implemented as follows:  

Income tax consequences   The company will no longer recognize excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies in additional paid in capital. Instead, the company will recognize all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit on the income statement. In addition, the guidance eliminates the requirement that excess tax benefits be realized before the company can recognize them. The company recorded a $2.6 million cumulative adjustment to retained earnings as of Jan. 1, 2016 for excess tax benefits related to prior periods.      

Accounting for forfeitures   The company s policy is to estimate the number of awards expected to be forfeited, which is consistent with prior periods.     

Presentation on the statement of cash flows   Excess tax benefits are required to be presented as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. The change may be applied retrospectively or prospectively. The company elected to apply it prospectively, and prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. Additionally, employee taxes paid by an employer to a tax authority when shares are withheld for tax-withholding purposes are required to be presented as a financing activity on a retrospective basis for all periods presented. Therefore, the company reclassified $1.5 million from operating activities to financing activities for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015.      

Future Accounting Pronouncements 
 The company considers the applicability and impact of all ASUs issued by FASB.  The following updates have been issued by FASB but have not yet been adopted by TECO Energy. Any ASUs not included below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable to the company or are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
   
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which creates a new principle-based revenue recognition framework. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled to. The guidance will require additional disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with customers.  This guidance will be effective beginning in 2018, with early adoption permitted in 2017, and will allow for either full retrospective adoption or modified retrospective adoption. The company will adopt this guidance effective Jan. 1, 2018. The company has developed an implementation plan and is continuing to evaluate the available adoption methods. While the company does not expect the impact to be significant, it is continuing to evaluate the impact of adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
   
 Financial Instruments   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The standard provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities.    The company does not have equity investments or available-for-sale debt securities and it does not record financial liabilities under the fair value option. However, it is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its financial statement disclosures.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods, including interim reporting within those periods, beginning after Dec. 15, 2017.   
   
 14 
 
    Leases (Topic 842)  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases.  The standard increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for leases with terms of more than 12 months. Under the existing guidance, operating leases are not recorded as lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. The effect of leases on the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows is largely unchanged.  The guidance will require additional disclosures regarding key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods including interim reporting within those periods, beginning after Dec. 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, and is required to be applied using a modified retrospective approach. The company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments .  The standard provides guidance regarding the measurement of credit losses for financial assets and certain other instruments that are not accounted for at fair value through net income, including trade and other receivables, debt securities, net investment in leases, and off-balance sheet credit exposures. The new guidance requires companies to replace the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that measures all expected credit losses for financial assets based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The guidance expands the disclosure requirements regarding credit losses, including the credit loss methodology and credit quality indicators. This guidance will be effective beginning in 2020, with early adoption permitted in 2019, and will be applied using a modified retrospective approach. The company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments on the Statement of Cash Flows 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments on the Statement of Cash Flows .  The standard provides guidance regarding the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows, where specific guidance is provided for issues not previously addressed.  This guidance will be effective for the company beginning in 2018, with early adoption permitted, and is required to be applied on a retrospective approach.  The company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this standard on its consolidated statement of cash flows. 
   
 3. Regulatory  
 Tampa Electric s retail business and PGS are regulated separately by the FPSC. Tampa Electric is also subject to regulation by the FERC. The FPSC has jurisdiction over rates, service, issuance of securities, safety, accounting and depreciation practices and other matters. In general, the FPSC sets rates based on a cost of service methodology which allows utilities to collect total revenues (revenue requirement) equal to their cost of providing service, plus a reasonable return on invested capital.  
 NMGC is subject to regulation by the NMPRC. The NMPRC has jurisdiction over the regulatory matters related, directly and indirectly, to NMGC providing service to its customers, including, among other things, rates, accounting procedures, securities issuances, and standards of service. NMGC must follow certain accounting guidance that pertains specifically to entities that are subject to such regulation. Comparable to the FPSC, the NMPRC sets rates at a level that allows utilities to collect total revenues (revenue requirement) equal to their cost of providing service, plus a reasonable return on invested capital.  
   
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities  
 Tampa Electric, PGS and NMGC apply the accounting standards for regulated operations. Areas of applicability include: deferral of revenues under approved regulatory agreements; revenue recognition resulting from cost-recovery clauses that provide for monthly billing charges to reflect increases or decreases in fuel, purchased power, conservation and environmental costs; the deferral of costs as regulatory assets to the period in which the regulatory agency recognizes them when cost recovery is ordered over a period longer than a fiscal year; and the advance recovery of expenditures for approved costs such as future storm damage or the future removal of property. All regulatory assets are recovered through the regulatory process.  
 15 
 
    Details of the regulatory assets and liabilities are presented in the following table:   

(1)   
 
 The regulatory tax asset is primarily associated with the depreciation and recovery of AFUDC-equity. This asset does not earn a return but rather is included in the capital structure, which is used in the calculation of the weighted cost of capital used to determine revenue requirements. It will be recovered over the expected life of the related assets.      

(2)   
 
 These assets and liabilities are related to FPSC and NMPRC clauses and riders. They are recovered or refunded through cost-recovery mechanisms approved by the FPSC or NMPRC, as applicable, on a dollar-for-dollar basis in the next year. In the case of the regulatory asset related to derivative liabilities, recovery occurs in the year following the settlement of the derivative position.    

(3)   
 
 This asset is related to costs associated with environmental remediation primarily at manufactured gas plant sites. The balance is included in rate base, partially offsetting the related liability, and earns a rate of return as permitted by the FPSC. The timing of recovery is impacted by the timing of the expenditures related to remediation.    

(4)   
 
 This asset is related to the deferred costs of postretirement benefits. It is included in rate base and earns a rate of return as permitted by the FPSC or NMPRC, as applicable. It is amortized over the remaining service life of plan participants.    

(5)   
 
 This asset represents the past costs associated with refinancing debt. It does not earn a return but rather is included in the capital structure, which is used in the calculation of the weighted cost of capital used to determine revenue requirements. It will be amortized over the term of the related debt instruments.     

(6)   
 
 This asset represents the difference between the fair value and pre-merger carrying amounts for NMGC s long-term debt on the acquisition date. It does not earn a return and is not included in the regulatory capital structure. It is amortized over the term of the related debt instrument.    

(7)   
 
 This item represents the non-ARO cost of removal in the accumulated reserve for depreciation. AROs are costs for legally required removal of property, plant and equipment. Non-ARO cost of removal represent estimated funds received from customers through depreciation rates to cover future non-legally required cost of removal of property, plant and equipment, net of salvage value upon retirement, which reduces rate base for ratemaking purposes.  This liability is reduced as costs of removal are incurred.    

(8)    
 
 See  Note 14  for information regarding NMGC s stipulation agreement including a commitment to provide an annual bill reduction credit to customers. A minor portion of this balance is attributable to timing of bill reduction credits related to TECO Energy s acquisition of NMGC in September 2014.    

16 

4. Income Taxes  
 The effective tax rates for the three months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015 were 19.86% and 39.12%, respectively. The effective tax rate decreased to 34.19% for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 from 39.10% for the same period in 2015. 
 The decrease in the three-month effective tax rate of 19.26% in 2016 versus the same period in 2015 is primarily due to tax benefits recorded in the third quarter of 2016 for federal R D credits, lower non-deductible Merger transaction costs and other permanent book-to-tax differences. 
 The effective tax rate for year-to-date 2016 differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the effects of federal R D credits and the tax benefit related to long-term incentive compensation offset by non-deductible Merger transaction costs (see  Notes 2 and 14  for further description). The effective tax rate for year-to-date 2015 differed from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to tax expense related to long-term incentive compensation shares that vested below target levels. 
  Effective July 1, 2016 and due to the Merger with Emera, TECO Energy and its subsidiaries are included in a consolidated U.S federal income tax return with EUSHI and its subsidiaries. TECO Energy s income tax expense is based upon a separate return method, modified for the benefits-for-loss allocation in accordance with EUSHI s tax sharing agreement. To the extent that TECO Energy s cash tax positions are settled differently than the amount reported as realized under the tax sharing agreement, the difference is accounted for as either a capital contribution or a distribution.   
 The IRS concluded its examination of TECO Energy s 2014 consolidated federal income tax return in December 2015. The U.S. federal statute of limitations remains open for the year 2013 and forward. Years 2015 and the short tax year ending June 30, 2016 are currently under examination by the IRS under its Compliance Assurance Program (CAP). Due to the Merger with Emera, the company is only eligible to participate in the CAP through its short tax year ending June 30, 2016. U.S. state jurisdictions have statutes of limitations generally ranging from three to four years from the filing of an income tax return. Additionally, any state net operating losses that were generated in prior years and are still being utilized are subject to examination by state jurisdictions. The state impact of any federal changes remains subject to examination by various states for a period of up to one year after formal notification to the states. Years still open to examination by taxing authorities in major state jurisdictions and foreign jurisdictions include 2005 and forward.    
   
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
   
 Authoritative guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires an enterprise to recognize in its financial statements the best estimate of the impact of a tax position by determining if the weight of the available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not, based solely on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals and litigation processes.  As of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, TECO Energy s uncertain tax positions were $7.7 million and zero, respectively, all of which was recorded as a reduction of deferred income tax assets for net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. The increase was primarily due to an uncertain tax position related to federal R D tax credits. TECO Energy believes that the total unrecognized tax benefits will decrease within the next twelve months due to the expected audit examination of TECO Energy s federal income tax return for the short tax year ending June 30, 2016.  As of Sept. 30, 2016, if recognized, $7.7 million of the unrecognized tax benefits would reduce TECO Energy s effective tax rate.  

17 
 
    5. Employee Postretirement Benefits   
 Included in the table below is the periodic expense for pension and other postretirement benefits offered by the company. Amounts disclosed for pension benefits include the amounts related to the qualified pension plan and the non-qualified, non-contributory SERP. 

For the Jan. 1, 2016 measurement, TECO Energy used an assumed long-term EROA of 7.00% and a discount rate of 4.685% for pension benefits under its qualified pension plan. For the Jan. 1, 2016 measurement of TECO Energy s other postretirement benefits, TECO Energy assumed a discount rate of 4.667% for the Florida-based plan and 4.687% for the NMGC plan.  
 As a result of the Merger, TECO Energy remeasured its employee postretirement benefit plans on the Merger effective date, July 1, 2016. As part of the remeasurement, TECO Energy used an above-mean yield curve to determine its discount rate. The above-mean yield curve technique matches the yields from high-quality (AA-rated, non-callable) corporate bonds to the company s projected cash flows for the plans to develop a present value that is converted to a discount rate assumption, which is subject to change each year. TECO Energy previously used a bond model matching technique to determine its discount rate. The change in discount rate resulting from the different methodology used to select a discount rate did not have a material impact on the company s financial statements and provides consistency with Emera s method for selecting a discount rate. For the July 1, 2016 measurement, TECO Energy used an assumed long-term EROA of 7.00% and a discount rate of 3.72% for pension benefits under its qualified pension plan. For the July 1, 2016 measurement of TECO Energy s other postretirement benefits, TECO Energy assumed a discount rate of 3.85%.  
 As a result of the remeasurement, TECO Energy s net periodic benefit expense increased by $0.6 million for pension benefits and zero for other postretirement benefits for the three- and nine-months ended Sept. 30, 2016. TECO Energy s liability for pension benefits increased by $61.7 million and $17.6 million for other postretirement benefits. The associated regulatory asset increased $54.0 million for pension benefits and $14.1 million for other postretirement benefits. Accumulated other comprehensive income decreased $7.7 million for pension benefits and $3.5 million for other postretirement benefits. 
 TECO Energy made contributions of $37.4 million and $55.0 million to its qualified pension plan for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Additionally, NMGC made contributions of $2.7 million to its other postretirement benefits plan for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 18 
 
    For the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, TECO Energy and its subsidiaries reclassified $0.8 million and $1.8 million, respectively, of pretax unamortized prior service benefit and actuarial losses from AOCI to net income as par  t of periodic benefit expense, compared with $0.2 million and $2.4 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015, respectively. In addition, during the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, the regulated companies reclassified $3.8 milli  on and $9.1 million, respectively, of unamortized prior service benefit and actuarial losses from regulatory assets to net income as part of periodic benefit expense, compared with $2.6 million and $7.8 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30,   2015, respectively.   
 The settlement cost recognized relates to the settlement of the SERP liability for the TECO Coal participants. An estimated curtailment loss for the SERP of $1.3 million was recognized in the second quarter of 2016 as a result of retirements expected in the third quarter of 2016 as a result of the Merger, which expected retirements occurred in the third quarter of 2016. 
 The company s postretirement benefit plans were not explicitly impacted by the Merger. However, TECO Energy expects to recognize a settlement charge related to the SERP of approximately $8.0 million in the first quarter of 2017 due to retirements that have occurred as a result of the Merger.  
   
 6. Short-Term Debt  
 Details of the credit facilities and related borrowings are presented in the following table:  

At Sept. 30, 2016, these credit facilities required commitment fees ranging from 12.5 to 30.0 basis points. The weighted-average interest rate on outstanding amounts payable under the credit facilities at Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 was 1.71% and 1.29%, respectively.   
 TECO Energy/TECO Finance Credit Facility 
 On Mar. 14, 2016, TECO Finance entered into a one-year, $400 million credit agreement. The credit agreement (i) has a maturity date of Mar. 14, 2017; (ii)  contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, and financial and other covenants; and (iii) provides for interest to accrue at variable rates based on  the London interbank deposit rate plus a margin, or, as an alternative to such interest rate, at an interest rate equal to a margin plus the higher of JPMorgan Chase Bank s prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 50 basis points, or the one-month London interbank deposit rate plus 1.00%.     
   
 7. Long-Term Debt  
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
   At Sept. 30, 2016, total long-term debt had a carrying amount of $3,490.3 million and an estimated fair market value of $3,911.2 million. At Dec. 31, 2015, total long-term debt had a carrying amount of $3,822.5 million and an estimated fair market value of $4,061.6 million. The company uses the market approach in determining fair value. The majority of the outstanding debt is valued using real-time financial market data obtained from Bloomberg Professional Service. The remaining securities are valued using prices  
 19 
 
  obtained from the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board   or     by applying estimated credit spreads obtained from a third party to the par value of the security.   The fair value of debt securities totaling $5  8.  3   million is determined using Level 1 measurements; the fair value of the remaining debt securities is determined using Level 2 measurements   (see   Note 1  1   for information regarding the fair value hierarchy)  .   
 Purchase in Lieu of Redemption of Revenue Refunding Bonds 
 On Mar. 19, 2008, the HCIDA remarketed $86.0 million HCIDA Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2006 (Non-AMT) (the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds) in a term rate mode pursuant to the terms of the Loan and Trust Agreement governing those bonds.  The Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds bore interest at a term rate of 5.00% per annum from Mar. 19, 2008 to Mar. 15, 2012.  On Mar. 15, 2012, TEC purchased in lieu of redemption the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds. The Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds bore interest at a term rate of 1.875% per annum from Mar. 15, 2012 to Mar. 15, 2016.  On Mar. 15, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Loan and Trust Agreement governing the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds, a mandatory tender occurred and a term rate of 2.00% per annum will apply from Mar. 15, 2016 to Mar. 15, 2020. The 2016 mandatory tender did not impact the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet. TEC is responsible for payment of the interest and principal associated with the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds. Regularly scheduled principal and interest when due, are insured by Ambac Assurance Corporation. 
   
 As of Sept. 30, 2016, $232.6 million of bonds purchased in lieu of redemption, including the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds described above, were held by the trustee at the direction of TEC to provide an opportunity to evaluate refinancing alternatives. 

8. Commitments and Contingencies  
 Legal Contingencies 
 From time to time, TECO Energy and its subsidiaries are involved in various legal, tax and regulatory proceedings before various courts, regulatory commissions and governmental agencies in the ordinary course of its business. Where appropriate, accruals are made in accordance with accounting standards for contingencies to provide for matters that are probable of resulting in an estimable loss. The company believes the claims in which the company or a subsidiary of the company is a defendant in the pending actions described below are without merit and intends to defend the matters vigorously.  
 Peoples Gas Legal Proceedings  
 In November 2010, heavy equipment operated at a road construction site being conducted by Posen Construction, Inc. struck a natural gas line causing a rupture and ignition of the gas and an outage in the natural gas service to Lee and Collier counties, Florida.  PGS filed suit in April 2011 against Posen Construction, Inc. in Federal Court for the Middle District of Florida to recover damages for repair and restoration relating to the incident and Posen Construction, Inc. counter-claimed against PGS alleging negligence. In the first quarter of 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement that resolves the claims of the parties. In addition, a suit was filed in November 2011 by the Posen Construction, Inc. employee operating the heavy equipment involved in the incident in Lee County Circuit Court against PGS and a PGS contractor involved in the project, seeking damages for his injuries. The suit against PGS remains pending, with a trial currently expected in February 2017. The company is unable at this time to estimate the possible loss or range of loss with respect to this matter. While the outcome of such proceeding is uncertain, management does not believe that its ultimate resolution will have a material adverse effect on the company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.   
 New Mexico Gas Company Legal Proceedings  
 In February 2011, NMGC experienced gas shortages due to weather-related interruptions of electric service, weather-related problems on the systems of various interstate pipelines and in gas fields that are the sources of gas supplied to NMGC, and high weather-driven usage. This gas supply disruption and high usage resulted in the declaration of system emergencies by NMGC causing involuntary curtailments of gas utility service to approximately 28,700 customers (residential and business).   
 In March 2011, a customer purporting to represent a class consisting of all  32,000 [sic] customers  who had their gas utility service curtailed during the early-February system emergencies filed a putative class action lawsuit against NMGC. In March 2011, the Town of Bernalillo, New Mexico, purporting to represent a class consisting of all  New Mexico municipalities and governmental entities who have suffered damages as a result of the natural gas utility shut off  also filed a putative class action lawsuit against NMGC, four of its officers, and John and Jane Does at NMGC. In July 2011, the plaintiff in the Bernalillo class action filed an amended complaint to add an additional plaintiff purporting to represent a class of all  similarly situated New Mexico private businesses and enterprises.  
 In September 2015, a settlement was reached with all the named plaintiff class representatives in both of the class actions. The settlements were on an individual basis and not a class basis.  
   In addition to the two settled class actions described above, 18 insurance carriers have filed two subrogation lawsuits for monies  
 20 
 
  paid to their insureds as a result of the curtailment of natural gas service   in February 2011. In January 2016, the judge entered summary judgment in favor of NMGC and all of the subrogation lawsuits were dismissed  . The insurance carriers subsequently filed a timely appeal of the su  mmary judgment  .   In late May 2016, a settlement was   reached with all the named plaintiffs in the subrogation lawsuits.     A motion to dismiss the appeal was granted by the   c  ourt on Aug  .   2, 2016.     
 The settlements were not material to the company. 
 Proceedings in connection with the Merger with Emera 
 Twelve securities class action lawsuits were filed against the company and its directors by holders of TECO Energy securities following the announcement of the Emera transaction.  Eleven suits were filed in the Circuit Court for the 13th Judicial Circuit, in and for Hillsborough County, Florida.  They alleged that TECO Energy s board of directors breached its fiduciary duties in agreeing to the Merger Agreement and sought to enjoin the Merger.  Several of these suits alleged that one or more of TECO Energy, Emera and an Emera affiliate aided and abetted such alleged breaches. The securities class action lawsuits were consolidated per court order.  Since the consolidation, two of the complaints were amended. One of those complaints has added a claim against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary duty to disclose.  The twelfth suit was filed in the Middle District of Florida Federal Court and has subsequently been voluntarily dismissed. 
 The company also received two separate shareholder demand letters from purported shareholders of the company.  Both of these letters demanded that the company maximize shareholder value and remove alleged conflicts of interest as well as eliminate allegedly preclusive deal protection devices.  One of the letters also demanded that the company refrain from consummating the transaction with Emera. Both of these demand letters have subsequently been withdrawn.   
 In November 2015, the parties to the lawsuits entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the various shareholder plaintiffs to settle, subject to court approval, all of the pending shareholder lawsuits challenging the proposed Merger.  As a result of the Memorandum of Understanding, the company made additional disclosures related to the proposed Merger in a proxy supplement. 
 In September 2016, a hearing was held to gain preliminary approval of a negotiated stipulation of settlement. After that hearing, the judge entered an order granting preliminary approval of the class action settlement and scheduling a final approval hearing for December 2016.  
 There can be no assurance that the court will grant final approval of the settlement. However, while the outcome of such proceeding remains uncertain, management does not believe that its ultimate resolution will have a material adverse effect on the company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.   
   
 Claim in connection with the Sale of TECO Coal 
 As discussed in  Note 15 , TECO Coal was sold on Sept. 21, 2015 to Cambrian. On Mar. 18, 2016, Cambrian delivered a notice of a purported claim to TECO Diversified asserting breach of certain representations, and fraud and willful misconduct in connection therewith, of the SPA. While the outcome of such matter is uncertain, management does not believe that its ultimate resolution will have a material adverse effect on the company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.   
   
 TECO Guatemala Holdings, LLC v. The Republic of Guatemala  
 On Dec. 19, 2013, the ICSID Tribunal hearing the arbitration claim of TGH, a wholly owned subsidiary of TECO Energy, against the Republic of Guatemala (Guatemala) under the DR   CAFTA, issued an award in the case (the Award). The ICSID Tribunal unanimously found in favor of TGH and awarded damages to TGH of approximately U.S. $21.1 million, plus interest from Oct. 21, 2010 at a rate equal to the U.S. prime rate plus 2%. In addition, the ICSID Tribunal ruled that Guatemala must reimburse TGH for approximately U.S. $7.5 million of the costs that it incurred in pursuing the arbitration.  
 On Apr. 18, 2014, Guatemala filed an application for annulment of the entire Award (or, alternatively, certain parts of the Award) pursuant to applicable ICSID rules.  
 Also on Apr. 18, 2014, TGH separately filed an application for partial annulment of the Award on the basis of certain deficiencies in the ICSID Tribunal s determination of the amount of TGH s damages.  
 On Apr. 5, 2016, an ICSID ad hoc Committee issued a decision in favor of TGH in the annulment proceedings. In its decision, the ad hoc Committee unanimously dismissed Guatemala s application for annulment of the award and upheld the original $21.1 million award, plus interest. In addition, the ad hoc Committee granted TGH s application for partial annulment of the award, and ordered Guatemala to pay certain costs relating to the annulment proceedings. Because the Tribunal s award of costs to TGH in its original arbitration was based on the Tribunal s assessment that TGH had prevailed on liability and Guatemala had partially prevailed on damages, and the latter finding was annulled by the ad hoc Committee, the Committee also annulled the Tribunal s award of costs to TGH.  As a result, TGH had the right to resubmit its arbitration claim against Guatemala to seek additional damages (in addition to the previously awarded $21.1 million), as well as additional interest on the $21.1 million, and its full costs relating to the original arbitration and the new arbitration proceeding. Results to date do not reflect any benefit of this decision. 
 21 
 
    On Sept. 23, 2016, TGH filed a request for resubmission   to arbitration. On Oct. 3, 2016, ICSID issued a notice of registration for TG  H   s request for resubmission, officially com  mencing the new arbitration and starting the time periods for   con  stitution of the new tribunal  .  
 Superfund and Former Manufactured Gas Plant Sites  
 TEC, through its Tampa Electric and Peoples Gas divisions, is a PRP for certain superfund sites and, through its Peoples Gas division, for certain former manufactured gas plant sites. While the joint and several liability associated with these sites presents the potential for significant response costs, as of Sept. 30, 2016, TEC has estimated its ultimate financial liability to be $33.9 million, primarily at PGS. This amount has been accrued and is primarily reflected in the long-term liability section under  Deferred credits and other liabilities  on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. The environmental remediation costs associated with these sites, which are expected to be paid over many years, are not expected to have a significant impact on customer rates.  
 The estimated amounts represent only the portion of the cleanup costs attributable to TEC. The estimates to perform the work are based on TEC s experience with similar work, adjusted for site-specific conditions and agreements with the respective governmental agencies. The estimates are made in current dollars, are not discounted and do not assume any insurance recoveries.  
 In instances where other PRPs are involved, most of those PRPs are creditworthy and are likely to continue to be creditworthy for the duration of the remediation work. However, in those instances that they are not, TEC could be liable for more than TEC s actual percentage of the remediation costs.  
 Factors that could impact these estimates include the ability of other PRPs to pay their pro-rata portion of the cleanup costs, additional testing and investigation which could expand the scope of the cleanup activities, additional liability that might arise from the cleanup activities themselves or changes in laws or regulations that could require additional remediation. Under current regulations, these costs are recoverable through customer rates established in subsequent base rate proceedings.  
 Merger Commitments 
 In connection with the Merger with Emera, TECO Energy made certain commitments approved by the NMPRC. See  Note 14  for additional information. 
 Guarantees  
 A summary of the face amount or maximum theoretical obligation and the year of expiration under guarantees as of Sept. 30, 2016 is as follows:     

(millions)  

Maximum  

After  (1)   

Theoretical  

Liabilities Recognized  

Guarantees for the Benefit of:   
 
 2016  

2017  

2018-2020  

2020  

Obligation  

at Sept. 30, 2016  

TECO Energy  

Fuel sales and transportation  (2)   
 
 $  
 
 0.0  

$  
 
 0.0  

$  
 
 0.0  

$  
 
 93.9  

$  
 
 93.9  

$  
 
 0.0  

Letters of indemnity - coal mining permits  (3)   

0.0  

84.5  

0.0  

0.0  

84.5  

0.0  

$  
 
 0.0  

$  
 
 84.5  

$  
 
 0.0  

$  
 
 93.9  

$  
 
 178.4  

$  
 
 0.0  

(1)    These guarantees renew annually and are shown on the basis that they will continue to renew beyond 2020.  

(2)    The amounts shown represent the maximum theoretical amounts of cash collateral that TECO Energy would be required to post in the event of a downgrade below investment grade of its long-term debt ratings by the major credit rating agencies. Liabilities recognized represent the associated potential obligation related to net derivative liabilities under these agreements at Sept. 30, 2016. See  Note 10  for additional information.  

(3)    These letters of indemnity guarantee payments to certain surety companies that issued reclamation bonds to the Commonwealths of Kentucky and Virginia in connection with TECO Coal's mining operations.  Payments to the surety companies would be triggered if the reclamation bonds are called upon by either of these states and the permit holder, TECO Coal, does not pay the surety. The amounts shown represent the maximum theoretical amounts that TECO Energy would be required to pay to the surety companies. As discussed in  Note 15 , TECO Coal was sold on Sept. 21, 2015 to Cambrian.  Pursuant to the SPA, Cambrian is obligated to file applications required in connection with the change of control with the appropriate governmental entities.  Once the applicable governmental agency deems each application to be acceptable, Cambrian is obligated to post a bond or other appropriate collateral necessary to obtain the release of the corresponding bond secured by the TECO Energy indemnity for that permit. Until the bonds secured by TECO Energy's indemnity are released, TECO Energy's indemnity will remain effective. At the date of sale in September 2015, the letters of indemnity guaranteed $93.8 million. The company is working with Cambrian on the process to replace the bonds. Pursuant to the SPA, Cambrian has the obligation to indemnify and hold TECO Energy harmless from any losses incurred that arise out of the coal mining permits during the period commencing on the closing date through the date all permit approvals are obtained.  

22 

Financial Covenants  
 TECO Energy and its subsidiaries must meet certain financial tests, including a debt to capital ratio, as defined in the applicable banking agreements. TECO Energy and its subsidiaries have certain restrictive covenants in specific agreements and debt instruments. At Sept. 30, 2016, TECO Energy and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants.  
   
 9. Segment Information  
 TECO Energy is an electric and gas utility holding company with diversified activities. Segments are determined based on how management evaluates, measures and makes decisions with respect to the operations of the entity. The management of TECO Energy reports segments based on each subsidiary s contribution of revenues, net income and total assets as required by the accounting guidance for disclosures about segments of an enterprise and related information. Intercompany transactions are eliminated in the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements of TECO Energy, but are included in determining reportable segments.   

23 

24 

10. Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities  
 From time to time, TECO Energy and its affiliates enter into futures, forwards, swaps and option contracts for the following purposes:  

To limit the exposure to price fluctuations for physical purchases and sales of natural gas in the course of normal operations at Tampa Electric, PGS and NMGC;      

To optimize the utilization of NMGC s physical natural gas storage capacity; and     

To limit the exposure to interest rate fluctuations on debt securities at TECO Energy and its affiliates.      

 TECO Energy and its affiliates use derivatives only to reduce normal operating and market risks, not for speculative purposes. The regulated utilities  primary objective in using derivative instruments for regulated operations is to reduce the impact of market price volatility on ratepayers.  
 The risk management policies adopted by TECO Energy provide a framework through which management monitors various risk exposures. Daily and periodic reporting of positions and other relevant metrics are performed by a centralized risk management group, which is independent of all operating companies.  
 The company applies the accounting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities. These standards require companies to recognize derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the financial statements, to measure those instruments at fair value and to reflect the changes in the fair value of those instruments as either components of OCI or in net income, depending on the designation of those instruments (see  Note 11 ). The changes in fair value that are recorded in OCI are not immediately recognized in current net income. As the underlying hedged transaction matures or the physical commodity is delivered, the deferred gain or loss on the related hedging instrument must be reclassified from OCI to earnings based on its value at the time of the instrument s settlement. For effective hedge transactions, the amount reclassified from OCI to earnings is offset in net income by the market change of the amount paid or received on the underlying physical transaction.  
 The company applies the accounting standards for regulated operations to financial instruments used to hedge the purchase and sale of natural gas for the benefit of its regulated companies  ratepayers. These standards, in accordance with the FPSC and NMPRC, permit the changes in fair value of natural gas derivatives to be recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities reflecting the impact of hedging activities on the fuel recovery clause. As a result, these changes are not recorded in OCI (see  Note 3 ).  
 The company s physical contracts qualify for the NPNS exception to derivative accounting rules, provided they meet certain criteria. Generally, NPNS applies if the company deems the counterparty creditworthy, if the counterparty owns or controls resources within the proximity to allow for physical delivery of the commodity, if the company intends to receive physical delivery and if the transaction is reasonable in relation to the company s business needs. As of Sept. 30, 2016, all of the company s physical contracts qualify for the NPNS exception with the exception of a minor amount of forward purchases and sales entered into by NMGC to optimize its gas storage capacity. 
 The derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges at Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 are reflected on the company s Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets and classified accordingly as current and long-term assets and liabilities on a net basis as permitted by their respective master netting agreements. Derivative assets totaled $2.2 million and $0.2 million as of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, respectively. Derivative liabilities totaled $1.7 million and $26.2 million as of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, respectively. There are minor offset amount differences between the gross derivative assets and liabilities and the net amounts included in the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. There was no cash collateral posted with or received from any counterparties.  
 All of the derivative assets and liabilities at Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 are designated as hedging instruments, which primarily are derivative hedges of natural gas contracts to limit the exposure to changes in market price for natural gas used to produce energy and natural gas purchased for resale to customers. The corresponding effect of these natural gas related derivatives on the regulated utilities  fuel recovery clause mechanism is reflected on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets as current and long-term regulatory assets and liabilities. Based on the fair value of the instruments at Sept. 30, 2016, net pretax gains of $0.5 million are expected to be reclassified from regulatory assets or liabilities to the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income within the next twelve months.  
 The Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 balance in AOCI related to the cash flow hedges and interest rate swaps (unsettled and previously settled) is presented in  Note 12 .  
   For derivative instruments that meet cash flow hedge criteria, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of OCI and reclassified into earnings in the same period or period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivatives representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in current earnings. For the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015, all hedges were effective. The derivative after-tax effect on OCI and the amount of after-tax gain or loss reclassified from AOCI into  
 25 
 
  earnings for the three     and   nine     months ended   Sept.   30  , 2016 and 2015   is presented in   Note   12  . These gains and losses were the result of   interest rate contracts for TEC  . The location of the reclassification to   income   was   reflected in      Interest expense      for TEC  .  
 The maximum length of time over which the company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows extends to Sept. 30, 2018 for financial natural gas contracts. The following table presents the company s derivative volumes that, as of Sept. 30, 2016, are expected to settle during the 2016, 2017 and 2018 fiscal years:  

The company is exposed to credit risk by entering into derivative instruments with counterparties to limit its exposure to the commodity price fluctuations associated with natural gas. Credit risk is the potential loss resulting from a counterparty s nonperformance under an agreement. The company manages credit risk with policies and procedures for, among other things, counterparty analysis, exposure measurement and exposure monitoring and mitigation.  
 It is possible that volatility in commodity prices could cause the company to have material credit risk exposures with one or more counterparties. If such counterparties fail to perform their obligations under one or more agreements, the company could suffer a material financial loss. However, as of Sept. 30, 2016, substantially all of the counterparties with transaction amounts outstanding in the company s energy portfolio were rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. The company assesses credit risk internally for counterparties that are not rated.  
 The company has entered into commodity master arrangements with its counterparties to mitigate credit exposure to those counterparties. The company generally enters into the following master arrangements: (1) EEI agreements standardized power sales contracts in the electric industry; (2) ISDA agreements standardized financial gas and electric contracts; and (3) NAESB agreements standardized physical gas contracts. The company believes that entering into such agreements reduces the risk from default by creating contractual rights relating to creditworthiness, collateral and termination.  
 The company has implemented procedures to monitor the creditworthiness of its counterparties and to consider nonperformance risk in determining the fair value of counterparty positions. Net liability positions generally do not require a nonperformance risk adjustment as the company uses derivative transactions as hedges and has the ability and intent to perform under each of these contracts. In the instance of net asset positions, the company considers general market conditions and the observable financial health and outlook of specific counterparties in evaluating the potential impact of nonperformance risk to derivative positions.  
 Certain TECO Energy derivative instruments contain provisions that require the company s debt, or in the case of derivative instruments where TEC is the counterparty, TEC s debt, to maintain an investment grade credit rating from any or all of the major credit rating agencies. If debt ratings, including TEC s, were to fall below investment grade, it could trigger these provisions, and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could demand immediate and ongoing full overnight collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions. The company has no other contingent risk features associated with any derivative instruments.  
   
 11. Fair Value Measurements  
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
   
 Accounting guidance governing fair value measurements and disclosures provides that fair value represents the amount that would be received in selling an asset or the amount that would be paid in transferring a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based upon assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, accounting guidance also establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 
   
 Level 1:  Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets; 
 Level 2:  Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and  
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 
   
 Assets and liabilities are measured at fair value based on one or more of the following three valuation techniques noted under accounting guidance:  
 26 

(A)   Market approach  :  Prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving  
 identical or comparable assets or liabilities;  
 (B)   Cost approach :   Amount that would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement   
 cost); and  
 (C)   Income approach :   Techniques to convert future amounts to a single present amount based upon market   
 expectations (including present value techniques, option-pricing and excess earnings models).   
   
 The fair value of financial instruments is determined by using various market data and other valuation techniques.   
 The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy, the company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis. As required by accounting standards for fair value measurements, financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair value assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.        

The natural gas derivatives are OTC swap, forward and option instruments. Fair values of swaps and forwards are estimated utilizing the market approach. The price of swaps and forwards are calculated using observable NYMEX quoted closing prices of exchange-traded futures. Fair values of options are estimated utilizing the income approach. The price of options is calculated using the Black-Scholes model with observable exchange-traded futures as the primary pricing inputs to the model. Additional inputs to the model include historical volatility, discount rate, and a locational basis adjustment to NYMEX. The resulting prices are applied to the notional quantities of active swap, forward and option positions to determine the fair value (see  Note 10 ).   
 The company considered the impact of nonperformance risk in determining the fair value of derivatives. The company considered the net position with each counterparty, past performance of both parties, the intent of the parties, indications of credit deterioration and whether the markets in which the company transacts have experienced dislocation. At Sept. 30, 2016, the fair value of derivatives was not materially affected by nonperformance risk. There were no Level 3 assets or liabilities for the periods presented. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, the carrying value of the company s short-term debt is not materially different from the fair value due to the short-term nature of the instruments and because the stated rates approximate market rates. The fair value is determined using Level 2 measurements. See  Note 7  for information regarding the fair value of the company s long-term debt.   
   
 27 

12. Other Comprehensive Income 
 TECO Energy reported the following OCI related to changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges, recognized cost due to curtailment, change in benefit obligation due to remeasurement and amortization of unrecognized benefit costs associated with the company s postretirement plans:  

28 
 
    13  . Variable Interest Entities   
 The determination of a VIE s primary beneficiary is the enterprise that has both 1) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and 2) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE.  
 Tampa Electric has entered into multiple PPAs with wholesale energy providers in Florida to ensure the ability to meet customer energy demand and to provide lower cost options in the meeting of this demand. These agreements range in size from 117 MW to 250 MW of available capacity, are with similar entities and contain similar provisions. Because some of these provisions provide for the transfer or sharing of a number of risks inherent in the generation of energy, these agreements meet the definition of being variable interests. These risks include: operating and maintenance, regulatory, credit, commodity/fuel and energy market risk. Tampa Electric has reviewed these risks and has determined that the owners of these entities have retained the majority of these risks over the expected life of the underlying generating assets, have the power to direct the most significant activities, and have the obligation or right to absorb losses or benefits. As a result, Tampa Electric is not the primary beneficiary and is not required to consolidate any of these entities. Tampa Electric purchased $19.1 million and $48.1 million under these PPAs for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, respectively, and $10.7 million and $26.0 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015, respectively.  
 The company does not provide any material financial or other support to any of the VIEs it is involved with, nor is the company under any obligation to absorb losses associated with these VIEs. In the normal course of business, the company s involvement with these VIEs does not affect its Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets, Statements of Income or Cash Flows.  
   
 14. Mergers and Acquisitions  
 Merger with Emera Inc. 
 Description of Transaction 
 On July 1, 2016, TECO Energy and Emera completed the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement entered into on Sept. 4, 2015. As a result of the Merger, the Merger Sub Company merged with and into TECO Energy with TECO Energy continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Emera.   
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the closing of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of TECO Energy common stock was cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive $27.55 in cash, without interest (Merger Consideration). This represents an aggregate purchase price of approximately $10.7 billion including Emera s purchase price allocation for debt of approximately $4.2 billion.  
 The Merger Agreement requires Emera, among other things, (i) to maintain TECO Energy s historic levels of community involvement and charitable contributions and support in TECO Energy s existing service territories, (ii) to maintain TECO Energy s headquarters in Tampa, Florida, (iii) to honor current union contracts in accordance with their terms and (iv) to provide each continuing non-union employee, for a period of two years following the closing of the Merger, with a base salary or wage rate no less favorable than, and incentive compensation and employee benefits, respectively, substantially comparable in the aggregate to those that they received as of immediately prior to the closing.  
 Merger-Related Regulatory Matters 
 On Apr. 11, 2016, Emera and TECO Energy filed with the NMPRC an unopposed stipulation agreement reflecting a settlement reached with certain intervening parties in the then pending proceeding seeking the approval of the Merger by the NMPRC. On May 2, 2016, the Hearing Examiner held a hearing to consider the stipulation agreement. On June 8, 2016, the Hearing Examiner filed a Certificate of Stipulation, recommending approval by the NMPRC of the stipulation with respect to which all intervenors had either consented or filed a notice of non-opposition.  On June 22, 2016, the NMPRC approved the stipulation, and an order was entered on that same day.  
 As part of the stipulation agreement filed with the NMPRC, upon closing of the Merger, NMGC agreed, among other things, to: 

make commitments to charitable contributions and enterprises engaged in economic and business development in New Mexico of $0.8 million annually for three years,     

continue to provide an annual bill reduction credit of $4 million through June 30, 2018,     

evaluate and construct, at shareholder expense, an enlarged pipeline from its current system to the New Mexico/Mexican border at an estimated cost of approximately $5 million,     

establish, at shareholder expense, a matching fund of $10 million to extend its natural gas infrastructure to currently underserved or unserved areas in New Mexico, and     

contribute, at shareholder expense, $5 million within 5 years to economic development projects or programs throughout New Mexico.     

 29 
 
    The   company recorded the   pretax costs of $30.4 million (or approximately $1  7.7   million after tax)     related to these commitments   in the three months ended Sept. 3  0, 2016. The bill credit   of $8.0 million   was   recognized as a reduction in  Regulated   gas revenues  and the remaining items   recorded   in  Me  rger transaction-related costs    o  n the Consolidated Con  densed Statements of Income   for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016  .     As of Sept. 30, 2016,   approximately   $  30   million   remains to be paid   and is included in  Other  in cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Condensed Statements o  f Cash Flows for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016.  
 Transaction-Related Costs 
 In addition to the Merger-related regulatory matters above, during the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, TECO Energy also incurred approximately $15.5 million and $87.0 million, respectively, of pretax transaction-related costs ($9.6 million and $68.1 million after tax, respectively), compared with approximately $15.4 million of pretax transaction-related costs during the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015. These costs are presented in  Merger transaction-related costs  on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income.  
 For the three months ended Sept. 30, 2016, the $15.5 million of costs are primarily for accelerated vesting of outstanding stock-based compensation awards in accordance with the Merger Agreement and other employee-related costs. For the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, the costs also include $27.7 million of investment banking, legal and other consultant costs, $42.4 million for change-in-control and other compensation payments, and $1.3 million for a non-cash SERP curtailment charge recorded in the second quarter. During the third quarter of 2016, Emera contributed $22 million to TECO Energy primarily related to funding accelerated stock compensation payments. Transaction-related costs expensed and paid through Sept. 30, 2016 have been reflected in cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016. As of Sept. 30, 2016, approximately $20 million remains to be paid. These remaining costs are expected to be paid primarily in the first quarter of 2017 and are included in  Accounts payable  in cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016.   
 See  Notes 4 and 5  for information regarding impacts to the company s taxes and employee postretirement benefits, respectively, as a result of the Merger.  
   
 Dividends Paid 
 On June 22, 2016, in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the TECO Energy board of directors declared a special pro-rated dividend at the then-current rate of $0.002527 per share per day that accrued from May 16, 2016 (the prior TECO Energy dividend record date) until and including June 30, 2016 (the day prior to the effective date of the Merger). This dividend was accrued on the company s Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2016. On July 12, 2016, TECO Energy paid this dividend of $26.8 million to shareholders of record as of the close of business on the last trading day prior to the effective date of the Merger. 

15. Discontinued Operations and Asset Impairments 
 TECO Coal  
 On Sept. 21, 2015, TECO Energy s subsidiary, TECO Diversified, entered into an SPA and completed the sale of all of its ownership interest in TECO Coal to Cambrian.  The SPA did not provide for an up-front purchase payment, but provides for future contingent consideration of up to $60 million that may be paid yearly through 2019 if certain coal benchmark prices reach certain levels. The 2015 benchmark price was not reached and no contingent consideration payment was triggered. TECO Energy retains certain deferred tax assets and personnel-related liabilities, but all other TECO Coal assets and liabilities, including working capital, asset retirement obligations and workers compensation reserves, were transferred in the transaction.  Letters of indemnity related to TECO Coal reclamation bonds will remain in effect until the bonds are replaced by Cambrian (see description of guarantees in  Note 8 ). The SPA contained customary representations, warranties and covenants (see  Note 8  for description of a claim filed by Cambrian related to the SPA). The costs shown for 2016 in the table below reflects charges for personnel-related liabilities that remained with TECO Energy and legal costs associated with the claim related to the SPA.  
 Since the closing of the sale, TECO Energy has not had influence over operations of TECO Coal, therefore the contingent payments are not considered to meet the definition of direct cash flows under the applicable discontinued operations FASB guidance.    
 TECO Guatemala 
 In 2012, TECO Guatemala completed the sale of its interests in the Alborada and San Jos  power stations, and related solid fuel handling and port facilities in Guatemala. All periods presented reflect the classification of results from operations for TECO Guatemala and certain charges at Parent that directly relate to TECO Guatemala as discontinued operations. While TECO Energy and its subsidiaries no longer have assets or operations in Guatemala, its subsidiary, TECO Guatemala Holdings, LLC, has retained its rights under its arbitration claim filed against the Republic of Guatemala (see  Note 8 ). The charges shown in the table below are legal costs associated with that claim.   
 30 
 
    Combined Components of Discontinued Operations  
 The following table provides selected components of discontinued operations related to the sales of TECO Coal and TECO Guatemala:  

31 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY  
     Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  

32 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY   
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets - continued 
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  
   
 33 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY   
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  
   
 34 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY   
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  

35 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY   
     Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
 Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated condensed financial statements.  

36 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY  
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 UNAUDITED  
   
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 See TEC s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of accounting policies. The significant accounting policies for TEC include:  
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation  
 TEC is a wholly owned subsidiary of TECO Energy. For the purposes of its consolidated financial reporting, TEC is comprised of the electric division, referred to as Tampa Electric, and the natural gas division, referred to as PGS. For the periods presented, no VIEs have been consolidated (see  Note 13 ).  
 Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management, the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements include all adjustments that are of a recurring nature and necessary to state fairly the financial position of TEC as of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for the entire fiscal year ending Dec. 31, 2016.  
 The use of estimates is inherent in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The year-end consolidated condensed balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements; however, this quarterly report on Form 10-Q does not include all year-end disclosures required for an annual report on Form 10-K by U.S. GAAP.  
 On July 1, 2016, TECO Energy and Emera completed the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement entered into on Sept. 4, 2015. As a result of the Merger, the Merger Sub Company merged with and into TECO Energy with TECO Energy continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Emera. The acquisition method of accounting was not pushed down to TECO Energy or its subsidiaries, including TEC.   See  Note 14  for further information. 
 Revenues  
 As of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, unbilled revenues of $63.7 million and $53.7 million, respectively, are included in the  Receivables  line item on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets.  
 Accounting for Franchise Fees and Gross Receipts  
 Tampa Electric and PGS are allowed to recover certain costs from customers on a dollar-per-dollar basis through rates approved by the FPSC. The amounts included in customers  bills for franchise fees and gross receipt taxes are included as revenues on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income. Franchise fees and gross receipt taxes payable by Tampa Electric and PGS are included as an expense on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income in  Taxes, other than income . These amounts totaled $32.6 million and $89.2 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, respectively, and $31.7 million and $88.3 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015, respectively. 
   
 2. New Accounting Pronouncements  
 Change in Accounting Policy 
 The new U.S. GAAP accounting policies that are applicable to and were adopted by TEC are described as follows:  
 Interest   Imputation of Interest  
   In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest , which simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs. The amendments require debt issuance costs be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs is not affected. TEC adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016, and Dec. 31, 2015 balances have been retrospectively restated. This change resulted in $18.1 million of debt issuance costs as of Dec. 31, 2015, previously presented as  Deferred charges and other assets , being reclassified as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related  Long-term debt, less amount due within one year  line item on its Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet.  In accordance with ASU  
 37 

2015-15   Interest: Imputation of Interest  , TEC continues to present debt issuance costs related to its letter of credit arrangements and related instruments in  Prepayments and other current assets  on its Consolidated Condense  d Balance Sheets  .  
   
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.   The standard clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a derivative contract, in and of itself, does not require the dedesignation of a hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. TEC early adopted in the third quarter of 2016 as permitted. 
   
 Future Accounting Pronouncements 
 TEC considers the applicability and impact of all ASUs issued by FASB.  The following updates have been issued by FASB but have not yet been adopted by TEC. Any ASUs not included below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable to TEC or are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
   
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which creates a new principle-based revenue recognition framework. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled to. The guidance will require additional disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with customers.  This guidance will be effective beginning in 2018, with early adoption permitted in 2017, and will allow for either full retrospective adoption or modified retrospective adoption. TEC will adopt this guidance effective Jan. 1, 2018. TEC has developed an implementation plan and is continuing to evaluate the available adoption methods. While TEC does not expect the impact to be significant, it is continuing to evaluate the impact of adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
   
 Financial Instruments   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The standard provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities.    TEC does not have equity investments or available-for-sale debt securities and it does not record financial liabilities under the fair value option. However, it is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its financial statement disclosures.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods, including interim reporting within those periods, beginning after Dec. 15, 2017.   
   
 Leases (Topic 842) 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases.  The standard increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for leases with terms of more than 12 months. Under the existing guidance, operating leases are not recorded as lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. The effect of leases on the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows is largely unchanged.  The guidance will require additional disclosures regarding key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods including interim reporting within those periods, beginning after Dec. 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, and is required to be applied using a modified retrospective approach. TEC is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments .  The standard provides guidance regarding the measurement of credit losses for financial assets and certain other instruments that are not accounted for at fair value through net income, including trade and other receivables, debt securities, net investment in leases, and off-balance sheet credit exposures. The new guidance requires companies to replace the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that measures all expected credit losses for financial assets based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The guidance expands the disclosure requirements regarding credit losses, including the credit loss methodology and credit quality indicators. This guidance will be effective beginning in 2020, with early adoption permitted in 2019, and will be applied using a modified retrospective approach. TEC is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments on the Stateme  nt of Cash Flows  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments on the Statement of Cash Flows .  The standard provides guidance regarding the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows, where specific guidance is provided for issues not previously addressed.  This guidance will be effective for TEC beginning in 2018, with early adoption permitted, and is required to be applied on a retrospective approach.  TEC is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this standard on its consolidated statement of cash flows. 
   
 3. Regulatory  
 Tampa Electric s retail business and PGS are regulated separately by the FPSC. Tampa Electric is also subject to regulation by the FERC. The FPSC has jurisdiction over rates, service, issuance of securities, safety, accounting and depreciation practices and other matters. In general, the FPSC sets rates based on a cost of service methodology which allows utilities to collect total revenues (revenue requirement) equal to their cost of providing service, plus a reasonable return on invested capital.  
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities  
 Tampa Electric and PGS apply the accounting standards for regulated operations. Areas of applicability include: deferral of revenues under approved regulatory agreements; revenue recognition resulting from cost-recovery clauses that provide for monthly billing charges to reflect increases or decreases in fuel, purchased power, conservation and environmental costs; the deferral of costs as regulatory assets to the period in which the regulatory agency recognizes them when cost recovery is ordered over a period longer than a fiscal year; and the advance recovery of expenditures for approved costs such as future storm damage or the future removal of property. All regulatory assets are recovered through the regulatory process. 
 Details of the regulatory assets and liabilities are presented in the following table:  

(1)   
 
 The regulatory tax asset is primarily associated with the depreciation and recovery of AFUDC-equity. This asset does not earn a return but rather is included in the capital structure, which is used in the calculation of the weighted cost of capital used to determine revenue requirements. It will be recovered over the expected life of the related assets.      

(2)   
 
 These assets and liabilities are related to FPSC clauses and riders. They are recovered or refunded through cost-recovery mechanisms approved by the FPSC on a dollar-for-dollar basis in the next year. In the case of the regulatory asset related to derivative liabilities, recovery occurs in the year following the settlement of the derivative position.    

(3)   
 
 This asset is related to costs associated with environmental remediation primarily at manufactured gas plant sites. The balance is included in rate base, partially offsetting the related liability, and earns a rate of return as permitted by the FPSC. The timing of recovery is impacted by the timing of the expenditures related to remediation.    

 39 

(4)   
 
        This asset is related to the deferred costs of postretirement benefits. It is included in rate base   and earns a rate of return as permitted by the FPSC. It is a  mortized over the remaining service life of plan participants.     

(5)   
 
 This asset represents the past costs associated with refinancing debt. It does not earn a return but rather is included in the capital structure, which is used in the calculation of the weighted cost of capital used to determine revenue requirements. It will be amortized over the term of the related debt instruments.     

(6)   
 
 This item represents the non-ARO cost of removal in the accumulated reserve for depreciation. AROs are costs for legally required removal of property, plant and equipment. Non-ARO cost of removal represent estimated funds received from customers through depreciation rates to cover future non-legally required cost of removal of property, plant and equipment, net of salvage value upon retirement, which reduces rate base for ratemaking purposes.  This liability is reduced as costs of removal are incurred.    

4. Income Taxes  
 Effective July 1, 2016 and due to the Merger with Emera, TEC is included in a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with EUSHI and its subsidiaries. TEC s income tax expense is based upon a separate return method, modified for the benefits-for-loss allocation in accordance with EUSHI s tax sharing agreement. To the extent that TEC s cash tax positions are settled differently than the amount reported as realized under the tax sharing agreement, the difference is accounted for as either a capital contribution or a distribution. Taxes accrued to affiliates was $14.2 million as of Sept. 30 2016. 
 TEC s effective tax rates for the three months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015 were 32.53% and 37.73%, respectively. The effective tax rates for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015 were 34.59% and 37.15%, respectively. The decrease in the three-month effective tax rate of 5.2% in 2016 versus the same period in 2015 is primarily due to a tax benefit recorded in the third quarter of 2016 for federal R D credits. TEC s effective tax rates for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015 differ from the statutory rate principally due to the tax benefit related to AFUDC-equity and federal R D credits. 
 The IRS concluded its examination of TECO Energy s 2014 consolidated federal income tax return in December 2015. The U.S. federal statute of limitations remains open for the year 2013 and forward. Years 2015 and the short tax year ending June 30, 2016 are currently under examination by the IRS under its Compliance Assurance Program (CAP). Due to the Merger with Emera, TECO Energy is only able to participate in the CAP through its short tax year ending June 30, 2016. Florida s statute of limitations is three years from the filing of an income tax return. The state impact of any federal changes remains subject to examination by various states for a period of up to one year after formal notification to the states. Years still open to examination by Florida s tax authorities include 2005 and forward as a result of TECO Energy s consolidated Florida net operating loss still being   utilized.    
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
 Authoritative guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes require an enterprise to recognize in its financial statements the best estimate of the impact of a tax position by determining if the weight of the available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not, based solely on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals and litigation processes.  As of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, TEC s uncertain tax positions were $6.5 million and zero, respectively, all of which was recorded as a reduction of deferred income tax assets for tax credit carryforwards. The increase was due to an uncertain tax position related to federal R D tax credits. TEC believes that the total unrecognized tax benefits will decrease within the next twelve months due to the expected audit examination of TECO Energy s consolidated federal income tax return for the short tax year ending June 30, 2016.  As of Sept. 30, 2016, if recognized, $6.5 million of the unrecognized tax benefits would reduce TEC s effective tax rate. 
   
 5. Employee Postretirement Benefits  
 TEC is a participant in the comprehensive retirement plans of TECO Energy. Amounts allocable to all participants of the TECO Energy retirement plans are found in  Note 5 ,  Employee Postretirement Benefits , in the  TECO Energy Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements . TEC s portion of the net pension expense for the three months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was $3.5 million and $3.3 million for pension benefits, and $1.7 million and $1.4 million for other postretirement benefits. TEC s portion of the net pension expense for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was $9.6 million and $10.1 million for pension benefits, and $4.7 million and $4.3 million for other postretirement benefits.   
 For the Jan. 1, 2016 measurement, TECO Energy assumed a long-term EROA of 7.00% and a discount rate of 4.685% for pension benefits under its qualified pension plan.  For the Jan. 1, 2016 measurement of TECO Energy s other postretirement benefits, TECO Energy used a discount rate of 4.667%.  
   As a result of the Merger, TECO Energy remeasured its employee postretirement benefit plans on the Merger effective date, July 1, 2016. As part of the remeasurement, TECO Energy used an above-mean yield curve to determine its discount rate. The above-mean yield curve technique matches the yields from high-quality (AA-rated, non-callable) corporate bonds to the company s projected cash flows for the plans to develop a present value that is converted to a discount rate assumption, which is subject to change each  
 40 

year. TECO Energy previously used a bond model matching technique to determine its discount rate. The change in discount rate resulting from the different metho  dology used to select a discount rate did not have a material impact on the company s financial statements and provides consistency with Emera s method for selecting a discount rate. For the July 1, 2016 measurement, TECO Energy used an assumed long-term E  ROA of   7.00% and a discount rate of 3.72% for pension benefits under its qualified pension plan. For the July 1, 2016 measurement of TECO Energy s other postretirement benefits, TECO Energy assumed a discount rate of 3.85%  .  
 As a result of the remeasurement, TEC s net periodic benefit expense increased by $0.8 million for pension benefits and $0.3 million for other postretirement benefits for the three- and nine-months ended Sept. 30, 2016. TEC s liability and associated regulatory asset for pension benefits increased $53.3 million and $12.4 million for other postretirement benefits. 
 TECO Energy made contributions of $37.4 million and $55.0 million to its qualified pension plan in the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. TEC s portion of the contributions was $30.9 million and $43.9 million, respectively.  
 Included in the benefit expenses discussed above, for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, TEC reclassified $2.8 million and $7.6 million, respectively, of unamortized prior service benefit and actuarial losses from regulatory assets to net income, compared with $2.3 million and $7.0 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015, respectively.  
   
 6. Short-Term Debt  
 Details of the credit facilities and related borrowings are presented in the following table:  

(1)   
 
 Borrowings outstanding are reported as notes payable.     

At Sept. 30, 2016, these credit facilities required commitment fees ranging from 12.5 to 30.0 basis points. The weighted-average interest rate on outstanding amounts payable under the credit facilities at Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 was 1.32% and 0.89%, respectively. 

7. Long-Term Debt  
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt  
 At Sept. 30, 2016, TEC s total long-term debt had a carrying amount of $2,162.6 million and an estimated fair market value of $2,505.6 million. At Dec. 31, 2015, TEC s total long-term debt had a carrying amount of $2,245.0 million and an estimated fair market value of $2,433.3 million. TEC uses the market approach in determining fair value. The majority of the outstanding debt is valued using real-time financial market data obtained from Bloomberg Professional Service. The remaining securities are valued using prices obtained from the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board or by applying estimated credit spreads obtained from a third party to the par value of the security. The fair value of debt securities totaling $58.3 million is determined using Level 1 measurements; the fair value of the remaining debt securities is determined using Level 2 measurements   (see  Note 11  for information regarding the fair value hierarchy).  
 Purchase in Lieu of Redemption of Revenue Refunding Bonds 
   On Mar. 19, 2008, the HCIDA remarketed $86.0 million HCIDA Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2006 (Non-AMT) (the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds) in a term-rate mode pursuant to the terms of the Loan and Trust agreement governing those bonds. The Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds bore interest at a term rate of 5.00% per annum from Mar. 19, 2008 to Mar. 15, 2012. On Mar. 15, 2012, TEC purchased in lieu of redemption the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds. The Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds bore interest at a term rate of 1.875% per annum from Mar. 15, 2012 to Mar. 15, 2016. On Mar. 15, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Loan and Trust  
 41 

Agreement governing the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds, a mandatory tender occurred and a term rate of 2.00% per annum will apply from Mar. 15, 2016 to Mar. 15, 2020. The 2016 mandatory tender did not im  pact the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet. TEC is responsible for payment of the interest and principal associated with the Series 2006 HCIDA Bonds. Regularly scheduled principal and interest when due, are insured by Ambac Assurance Corporation.  
   
 As of Sept. 30, 2016, $232.6 million of bonds purchased in lieu of redemption, including the series 2006 HCIDA Bonds described above, were held by the trustee at the direction of TEC to provide an opportunity to evaluate refinancing alternatives. 
   
 8. Commitments and Contingencies  
 Legal Contingencies 
 From time to time, TEC and its subsidiaries are involved in various legal, tax and regulatory proceedings before various courts, regulatory commissions and governmental agencies in the ordinary course of its business. Where appropriate, accruals are made in accordance with accounting standards for contingencies to provide for matters that are probable of resulting in an estimable loss. The company believes the claims in the pending actions described below are without merit and intends to defend the matters vigorously.  
 Peoples Gas Legal Proceedings  
 In November 2010, heavy equipment operated at a road construction site being conducted by Posen Construction, Inc. struck a natural gas line causing a rupture and ignition of the gas and an outage in the natural gas service to Lee and Collier counties, Florida.  PGS filed suit in April 2011 against Posen Construction, Inc. in Federal Court for the Middle District of Florida to recover damages for repair and restoration relating to the incident and Posen Construction, Inc. counter-claimed against PGS alleging negligence. In the first quarter of 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement that resolves the claims of the parties. In addition, a suit was filed in November 2011 by the Posen Construction, Inc. employee operating the heavy equipment involved in the incident in Lee County Circuit Court against PGS and a PGS contractor involved in the project, seeking damages for his injuries. The suit against PGS remains pending, with a trial currently expected in February 2017. The company is unable at this time to estimate the possible loss or range of loss with respect to this matter. While the outcome of such proceeding is uncertain, management does not believe that its ultimate resolution will have a material adverse effect on the company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.   
 Superfund and Former Manufactured Gas Plant Sites  
 TEC, through its Tampa Electric and Peoples Gas divisions, is a PRP for certain superfund sites and, through its Peoples Gas division, for certain former manufactured gas plant sites. While the joint and several liability associated with these sites presents the potential for significant response costs, as of Sept. 30, 2016, TEC has estimated its ultimate financial liability to be $33.9 million, primarily at PGS. This amount has been accrued and is primarily reflected in the long-term liability section under  Deferred credits and other liabilities  on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. The environmental remediation costs associated with these sites, which are expected to be paid over many years, are not expected to have a significant impact on customer rates.  
 The estimated amounts represent only the portion of the cleanup costs attributable to TEC. The estimates to perform the work are based on TEC s experience with similar work, adjusted for site-specific conditions and agreements with the respective governmental agencies. The estimates are made in current dollars, are not discounted and do not assume any insurance recoveries.  
 In instances where other PRPs are involved, most of those PRPs are creditworthy and are likely to continue to be creditworthy for the duration of the remediation work. However, in those instances that they are not, TEC could be liable for more than TEC s actual percentage of the remediation costs.  
 Factors that could impact these estimates include the ability of other PRPs to pay their pro-rata portion of the cleanup costs, additional testing and investigation which could expand the scope of the cleanup activities, additional liability that might arise from the cleanup activities themselves or changes in laws or regulations that could require additional remediation. Under current regulations, these costs are recoverable through customer rates established in subsequent base rate proceedings.  
   
 Financial Covenants  
 TEC must meet certain financial tests, including a debt to capital ratio, as defined in the applicable banking agreements. TEC has certain restrictive covenants in specific agreements and debt instruments. At Sept. 30, 2016, TEC was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants.  
   
 42 

9. Segment Information  

(1)   
 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.    

(2)   
 
 Amounts relate to consolidated tax reclassifications.    

10. Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities  
 From time to time, TEC enters into futures, forwards, swaps and option contracts for the following purposes:  

To limit the exposure to price fluctuations for physical purchases and sales of natural gas in the course of normal operations, and      

To limit the exposure to interest rate fluctuations on debt securities.      

 TEC uses derivatives only to reduce normal operating and market risks, not for speculative purposes. TEC s primary objective in using derivative instruments for regulated operations is to reduce the impact of market price volatility on ratepayers.  
 The risk management policies adopted by TEC provide a framework through which management monitors various risk exposures. Daily and periodic reporting of positions and other relevant metrics are performed by a centralized risk management group, which is independent of all operating companies.  
   TEC applies the accounting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities. These standards require companies to recognize derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the financial statements, to measure those instruments at fair value and to reflect the changes in the fair value of those instruments as either components of OCI or in net income, depending on the designation of those instruments (see  Note 11 ). The changes in fair value that are recorded in OCI are not immediately recognized in current net income. As the underlying hedged transaction matures or the physical commodity is delivered, the deferred gain or loss on the related hedging instrument must be reclassified from OCI to earnings based on its value at the time of the instrument s settlement. For effective hedge transactions, the amount reclassified from OCI to earnings is offset in net income by the market change of the amount paid or received  
 43 

on the underlying physical transaction.   
 TEC applies the accounting standards for regulated operations to financial instruments used to hedge the purchase of natural gas for its regulated companies. These standards, in accordance with the FPSC, permit the changes in fair value of natural gas derivatives to be recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities reflecting the impact of hedging activities on the fuel recovery clause. As a result, these changes are not recorded in OCI (see  Note 3 ).  
 TEC s physical contracts qualify for the NPNS exception to derivative accounting rules, provided they meet certain criteria. Generally, NPNS applies if TEC deems the counterparty creditworthy, if the counterparty owns or controls resources within the proximity to allow for physical delivery of the commodity, if TEC intends to receive physical delivery and if the transaction is reasonable in relation to TEC s business needs. As of Sept. 30, 2016, all of TEC s physical contracts qualify for the NPNS exception.  
 The derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges at Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 are reflected on TEC s Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets and classified accordingly as current and long-term assets and liabilities on a net basis as permitted by their respective master netting agreements. Derivative assets totaled $1.5 million and $0.0 as of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, respectively. Derivative liabilities totaled $1.5 million and $26.2 million as of Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015, respectively. There are minor offset amount differences between the gross derivative assets and liabilities and the net amounts included in the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. There was no cash collateral posted with or received from any counterparties.  
 All of the derivative assets and liabilities at Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 are designated as hedging instruments, which primarily are derivative hedges of natural gas contracts to limit the exposure to changes in market price for natural gas used to produce energy and natural gas purchased for resale to customers. The corresponding effect of these natural gas related derivatives on the regulated utilities  fuel recovery clause mechanism is reflected on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets as current and long-term regulatory assets and liabilities. Based on the fair value of the instruments at Sept. 30, 2016, net pretax losses of $0.1 million are expected to be reclassified from regulatory assets or liabilities to the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income within the next twelve months.  
 The Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 balance in AOCI related to the cash flow hedges and interest rate swaps (unsettled and previously settled) is presented in  Note 12 .  
 For derivative instruments that meet cash flow hedge criteria, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of OCI and reclassified into earnings in the same period or period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivatives representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in current earnings. For the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015, all hedges were effective. The derivative after-tax effect on OCI and the amount of after-tax gain or loss reclassified from AOCI into earnings for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented in  Note 12 . Gains and losses were the result of interest rate contracts and the reclassification to income was reflected in  Interest expense .  
 The maximum length of time over which TEC is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows extends to Sept. 30, 2018 for financial natural gas contracts. The following table presents TEC s derivative volumes that, as of Sept. 30, 2016, are expected to settle during the 2016, 2017 and 2018 fiscal years: 

TEC is exposed to credit risk by entering into derivative instruments with counterparties to limit its exposure to the commodity price fluctuations associated with natural gas. Credit risk is the potential loss resulting from a counterparty s nonperformance under an agreement. TEC manages credit risk with policies and procedures for, among other things, counterparty analysis, exposure measurement and exposure monitoring and mitigation.  
 It is possible that volatility in commodity prices could cause TEC to have material credit risk exposures with one or more counterparties. If such counterparties fail to perform their obligations under one or more agreements, TEC could suffer a material financial loss. However, as of Sept. 30, 2016, substantially all of the counterparties with transaction amounts outstanding in TEC s energy portfolio were rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. TEC assesses credit risk internally for counterparties that are not rated.  
 44 

TEC has entered into commodity master arrangements with its counterparties to mitigate credit exposure to those counterparties. TEC generally enters into the following master arrangements: (1) EEI agreements standardized power sales contracts in the electr  ic industry; (2) ISDA agreements standardized financial gas and electric contracts; and (3) NAESB agreements standardized physical gas contracts. TEC believes that entering into such agreements reduces the risk from default by creating contractual rights r  elating to creditworthiness, collateral and termination.   
 TEC has implemented procedures to monitor the creditworthiness of its counterparties and to consider nonperformance risk in determining the fair value of counterparty positions. Net liability positions generally do not require a nonperformance risk adjustment as TEC uses derivative transactions as hedges and has the ability and intent to perform under each of these contracts. In the instance of net asset positions, TEC considers general market conditions and the observable financial health and outlook of specific counterparties in evaluating the potential impact of nonperformance risk to derivative positions.  
 Certain TEC derivative instruments contain provisions that require TEC s debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating from any or all of the major credit rating agencies. If debt ratings were to fall below investment grade, it could trigger these provisions, and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could demand immediate and ongoing full overnight collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions. TEC has no other contingent risk features associated with any derivative instruments.  
   
 11. Fair Value Measurements  
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
   
 Accounting guidance governing fair value measurements and disclosures provides that fair value represents the amount that would be received in selling an asset or the amount that would be paid in transferring a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based upon assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, accounting guidance also establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 
   
 Level 1:  Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets; 
 Level 2:  Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and  
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 
   
 Assets and liabilities are measured at fair value based on one or more of the following three valuation techniques noted under accounting guidance:  
   
 (A)   Market approach  :  Prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving   
 identical or comparable assets or liabilities;  
 (B)   Cost approach :   Amount that would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement   
 cost); and  
 (C)   Income approach :   Techniques to convert future amounts to a single present amount based upon market   
 expectations (including present value techniques, option-pricing and excess earnings models). 
    
 The fair value of financial instruments is determined by using various market data and other valuation techniques.    
 45 

The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy, TEC s financial as  sets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis. As required by accounting standards for fair value measurements, financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is s  ignificant to the fair value measurement. TEC s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair value assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair valu  e hierarchy levels.    

Natural gas swaps are OTC swap instruments. The fair value of the swaps is estimated utilizing the market approach. The price of swaps is calculated using observable NYMEX quoted closing prices of exchange-traded futures. These prices are applied to the notional quantities of active positions to determine the reported fair value (see  Note 10 ).  
 TEC considered the impact of nonperformance risk in determining the fair value of derivatives. TEC considered the net position with each counterparty, past performance of both parties, the intent of the parties, indications of credit deterioration and whether the markets in which TEC transacts have experienced dislocation. At Sept. 30, 2016, the fair value of derivatives was not materially affected by nonperformance risk. There were no Level 3 assets or liabilities for the periods presented.  
   
 12. Other Comprehensive Income 

46 

13. Variable Interest Entities  
 The determination of a VIE s primary beneficiary is the enterprise that has both 1) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and 2) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE.  
 Tampa Electric has entered into multiple PPAs with wholesale energy providers in Florida to ensure the ability to meet customer energy demand and to provide lower cost options in the meeting of this demand. These agreements range in size from 117 MW to 250 MW of available capacity, are with similar entities and contain similar provisions. Because some of these provisions provide for the transfer or sharing of a number of risks inherent in the generation of energy, these agreements meet the definition of being variable interests. These risks include: operating and maintenance, regulatory, credit, commodity/fuel and energy market risk. Tampa Electric has reviewed these risks and has determined that the owners of these entities have retained the majority of these risks over the expected life of the underlying generating assets, have the power to direct the most significant activities, and have the obligation or right to absorb losses or benefits. As a result, Tampa Electric is not the primary beneficiary and is not required to consolidate any of these entities. Tampa Electric purchased $19.1 million and $48.1 million under these PPAs for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, respectively, and $10.7 million and $26.0 million for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015, respectively.  
 TEC does not provide any material financial or other support to any of the VIEs it is involved with, nor is TEC under any obligation to absorb losses associated with these VIEs. In the normal course of business, TEC s involvement with these VIEs does not affect its Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets, Statements of Income or Cash Flows.  
 14. Mergers and Acquisitions 
 Merger with Emera Inc. 
 As disclosed in  Note 1,  TEC is a wholly owned subsidiary of TECO Energy. On July 1, 2016, TECO Energy and Emera completed the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement entered into on Sept. 4, 2015. As a result of the Merger, the Merger Sub Company merged with and into TECO Energy with TECO Energy continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Emera. Therefore, TEC continues to be a wholly owned subsidiary of TECO Energy and became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Emera as of July 1, 2016.   
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the closing of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of TECO Energy common stock was cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive $27.55 in cash, without interest (Merger Consideration). This represents an aggregate purchase price of approximately $10.7 billion including Emera s purchase price allocation for debt of approximately $4.2 billion (of which TEC s portion of debt was $2.3 billion).  
 The Merger Agreement requires Emera, among other things, (i) to maintain TECO Energy s historic levels of community involvement and charitable contributions and support in TECO Energy s existing service territories, (ii) to maintain TECO Energy s and TEC s headquarters in Tampa, Florida, (iii) to honor current union contracts in accordance with their terms and (iv) to provide each continuing non-union employee, for a period of two years following the closing of the Merger, with a base salary or wage rate no less favorable than, and incentive compensation and employee benefits, respectively, substantially comparable in the aggregate to those that they received as of immediately prior to the closing.  

47 

Item 2.    
 
        MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION   ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      

This Management s Discussion   Analysis contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to the  inherent uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Actual results may differ   materially from those forecasted. The forecasted results are based on the company's   current expectations and assumptions, and the company does not undertake to update that  information or any other information contained in this Managements Discussion   Analysis, except as may be required by law. Factors that could impact actual results include: the ability to retain and motivate the workforce during the period of integration with Emera; regulatory actions by federal, state or local authorities; unexpected  capital needs or unanticipated reductions in cash flow that affect liquidity; the ability to access the capital  and credit markets when required; general economic conditions affecting customer growth and energy sales at the utility companies; economic conditions affecting the Florida and New Mexico economies;  weather variations and customer energy   usage patterns affecting sales and operating costs at the utilities and  the effect of weather conditions on energy consumption; the effect of extreme weather conditions or hurricanes; general operating conditions; input commodity  prices  affecting cost at all of the operating companies;   natural gas demand at the utilities ; and the ability of TECO Energy's subsidiaries to operate equipment without undue accidents, breakdowns or failures .  Additional information is contained under "Risk Factors" in TECO Energy s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015 and the update in TECO Energy s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016. 
 Merger with Emera 
 On July 1, 2016, TECO Energy s Merger with Emera closed. Upon closing, TECO Energy became a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Emera. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon closing, each issued and outstanding share of TECO Energy common stock was cancelled and converted into the right to receive $27.55 in cash, without interest (see  Note 14  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements ). The acquisition method of accounting was not pushed down to TECO Energy or its subsidiaries. 
 Earnings Summary -  Unaudited      

Operating Results  
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2016  
 Third quarter 2016 net income was $69.4 million, compared with $53.2 million in the third quarter of 2015.  Net income from continuing operations was $69.4 million in the 2016 third quarter, compared with $64.9 million for the same period in 2015. Third quarter 2016 results include $27.3 million of costs related to the Merger with Emera ($45.9 million pretax), compared with $12.2 million in the third quarter of 2015 ($15.4 million pretax) (see  Note 14  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements ). The third quarter loss in discontinued operations of $11.7 million in 2015 reflected the operating results and charges associated with TECO Coal, which was sold in 2015 (see  Note 15  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements ).  
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2016  
 Year-to-date net income through the third quarter of 2016 was $148.5 million, compared with $123.0 million in the 2015 year-to-date period.  Net income from continuing operations was $148.6 million in the 2016 year-to-date period, compared with $190.2 million for the same period in 2015. Year-to-date 2016 net income reflects $85.8 million of Emera transaction-related costs ($117.4 million pretax), compared to $12.2 million of Emera transaction-related costs ($15.4 million pretax) and $1.2 million of NMGC integration costs in the year-to-date 2015 results. The $67.2 million year-to-date loss in discontinued operations in 2015 reflected the operating results and charges associated with TECO Coal, which was sold in 2015.  
 Operating Company Results  
 All amounts included in the operating company discussions below are after tax, unless otherwise noted.  
 48 

Tampa Electric Company   Electric Division  
 Tampa Electric s net income for the third quarter of 2016 was $94.1 million, compared with $82.1 million for the same period in 2015.  Third-quarter net income in 2016 included $6.2 million of AFUDC-equity, which represents allowed equity cost capitalized to construction costs, and $6.2 million of federal R D tax credits, compared with $4.6 million of AFUDC-equity in the 2015 quarter. Results for the quarter reflected a 1.6% higher average number of customers. Energy sales were higher due to above normal summer weather compared to the third quarter of 2015 when weather was only slightly above normal. Third quarter results also reflected higher operations and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense than in 2015, as further discussed below. 
 Total degree days in Tampa Electric's service area in the third quarter of 2016 were 8% above normal and 6% above the 2015 period. Pretax base revenues were $16.5 million higher than in 2015 due to higher energy sales from above normal weather, customer growth and a $1.5 million increase from higher base rates effective Nov. 1, 2015 as a result of the 2013 rate case settlement.   
 While net energy for load is a calendar measurement of retail energy sales rather than a billing-cycle measurement, the quarterly energy sales shown on the following table reflect the energy sales based on billing cycles, which can vary period to period. Retail energy sales to residential and commercial customers increased in the third quarter of 2016 primarily due to above-normal summer temperatures compared to the 2015 quarter when summer temperatures were slightly above normal.  Sales to non-phosphate industrial customers increased due to the strength of the Tampa area economy.  Sales to lower-margin industrial-phosphate customers increased as self-generation by those customers decreased.   
 In the third quarter of 2016, operations and maintenance expense, excluding all FPSC-approved cost-recovery clauses, increased $4.0 million driven by  higher employee-related accruals in 2016 compared to 2015.  Depreciation and amortization expense increased $1.8 million in 2016 as a result of normal additions to facilities to reliably serve customers.    
 Tampa Electric s year-to-date net income was $212.9 million, compared with $198.0 million in the 2015 period, driven by higher base revenue from 1.6% higher average number of customers partially offset by higher operations and maintenance and depreciation expense.  Year-to-date net income in 2016 included $17.8 million of AFUDC-equity and $6.2 million of federal R D tax credits, compared with $12.1 million of AFUDC-equity in the 2015 period. Energy sales were higher compared to 2015 due to the above-normal third quarter temperatures and customer growth. 
 Year-to-date total degree days in Tampa Electric's service area were 6% above normal but 2% below the 2015 period, when degree days where 7% above normal. Total net energy for load increased 1.8% in the year-to-date 2016 period, compared with the same period in 2015. In the 2016 year-to-date period, pretax base revenues were $20.2 million higher than in 2015, including approximately $4 million of higher pretax base revenue resulting from higher base rates effective Nov. 1, 2015 as a result of the 2013 rate case settlement.   
 In the 2016 year-to-date period, retail energy sales to residential and commercial customers increased primarily from customer growth.  Sales to non-phosphate industrial customers and to lower-margin industrial-phosphate customers increased as a result of the same factors as the third quarter.    
 In the 2016 year-to-date period, operations and maintenance expense, excluding all FPSC-approved cost-recovery clauses, was approximately $5.0 million higher than in the 2015 period,  reflecting higher costs to safely and reliably operate and maintain the generating, transmission and distribution systems and provide high-quality customer service; and higher employee-related costs, including higher short-term incentive accruals in 2016 compared to 2015.  Depreciation and amortization expense increased $5.3 million in 2016, as a result of normal additions to facilities to reliably serve customers.   
 Tampa Electric s regulated operating statistics for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  
 49 

Tampa Electric Company   Natural Gas Division  
 PGS reported net income of $6.5 million for the third quarter, compared with $6.2 million in the 2015 quarter. Results reflect a 2.7% higher average number of customers in the quarter and increased therm sales to commercial customers as a result of customer growth and a stronger economy. Off system sales increased due to power generation demand resulting from warmer weather and coal-to-gas switching. Third-quarter results in 2016 reflected operations and maintenance expense $0.6 million higher than in the 2015 period driven by higher employee-related costs in 2016 compared to 2015. Depreciation and amortization increased $0.6 million due to normal additions to facilities to serve customers.   
 PGS reported net income of $26.7 million for the year-to-date period, compared with $28.4 million in the 2015 year-to-date period. Results reflect a 2.4% higher average number of customers and increased residential and commercial therm sales due to strong economic conditions in Florida. Off system sales increased due to the same reasons as in the third quarter. Operations and maintenance expense increased $2.8 million compared to the 2015 period, driven by higher general operating costs around pipeline safety compliance and customer growth. Depreciation and amortization increased $1.6 million due to normal additions to facilities to serve customers.  
 PGS s regulated operating statistics for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  
 50 

New Mexico Gas Company    
 NMGC reported a third-quarter 2016 loss of $19.8 million, compared with a $2.8 million loss in the 2015 period. In the third quarter of 2016, NMGC recorded approximately $18 million of costs ($30.4 million pretax) related to the conditions contained in the Emera acquisition stipulation agreement approved by the NMPRC, of which the bill credit was recognized as a reduction in revenues and the remaining items recorded as expenses (see  Note 14  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements ). Excluding the impact of the stipulation agreement, NMGC s loss for the quarter was $1.3 million compared to the prior year quarter loss of $2.8 million. 
 Growth in the average number of customers in the 2016 third quarter and year-to-date periods were 0.6%. In the third quarter, heating degree days were above the 2015 quarter but 16% below normal. Excluding the costs related to the stipulation mentioned above, non-fuel operating and maintenance expense was slightly lower than in the 2015 quarter due to cost efficiency initiatives.  
 NMGC reported a year-to-date loss of $4.8 million compared with net income of $11.0 million in the 2015 period, due to the recording of costs in the third quarter related to the conditions contained in the Emera acquisition stipulation agreement. Excluding the impact of the stipulation agreement, year-to-date net income was $13.7 million compared to $11.0 million in 2015. Year-to-date results reflected customer growth and the benefit of heating degree days that were slightly higher than in 2015, but more than 4% below normal. Excluding the costs related to the stipulation mentioned above, operating and maintenance expense was slightly lower due to cost efficiency initiatives.  
 51 

NMGC s regulated operating statistics for the three   and nine     months ended   Sept.   30  , 2016 and 2015     are   as   follows:  

Other (net)  
 The segment data in  Note 9  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements  presents Other and Eliminations as separate segments. The discussion below nets the two segments. 
   
 The third quarter 2016 net loss for Other   net was $11.4 million, compared with $20.2 million in the third quarter 2015, which included $0.4 million income from discontinued operations. The third quarter 2016 net loss from continuing operations for Other   net was $11.4 million, which included $9.6 million of costs associated with the Emera transaction primarily for accelerated vesting of outstanding stock-based compensation awards, a $3.5 million tax benefit related to stock-based compensation awards paid in the third quarter, and a $3.2 million tax benefit related to recharacterizing certain prior year lobbying expenses as deductible for tax purposes. The third quarter 2015 net loss from continuing operations for Other-net was $20.6 million, which included $12.2 million of transaction costs related to the Emera transaction.  
   
 52 

Year-to-date 2016 net loss   for Other   net   was $  86.3   million  , which   included   a   $0.1 million   loss from discontinued operations, compared with   a net loss   of   $44.8     million   for Other - net   in the 2015 period, which included   $2.4 million   of   in  come from   discontinued operations related to   TECO Coal  . Year-to-date   2016   net loss   from continuing operations for Other   net   was $  86.2   million  , which included $68.1   of costs related to the Emera transaction   primarily for employee-related and consultant fees  ,   a $5.8 million tax benefit due to an   accounting rule change related to stock-based incentive compensation recorded in the first quarter   of 2016  , lower interest expense as a result of refinancing debt maturities  , and tax benefits recorded in the third quarter  .   In compar  ison, the year-to-date 2  015 net loss   from continuing operations was   $47.2   million  , which included $12.2 million of costs relat  ed to the Emera transaction and     $1.2 million of NMGC integration-related costs  .   
   
 Discontinued Operations   TECO Coal 
 The third quarter 2016 loss from discontinued operations was zero, compared with a $11.7 million loss in the 2015 period, which reflected TECO Coal s operating results prior to its sale in September 2015 and a $7.7 million charge related to black lung liabilities. The year-to-date 2016 loss from discontinued operations was $0.1 million, compared with a loss of $67.2 million in the 2015 period, which reflected TECO Coal s operating loss, net of impairment charges of $50.8 million and the black-lung related charge (see  Note 15  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements ).  
   
 Income Taxes 
 The provisions for income taxes from continuing operations for the nine month periods ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015 were $77.2 million and $122.1 million, respectively. The provision for income taxes for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 was impacted by lower pre-tax income, tax benefits related to federal R D tax credits and long-term incentive compensation, offset by the tax impact of the nondeductible Merger transaction costs (see  Notes 2  and  14  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements ). 
   
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 The table below sets forth the Sept. 30, 2016 consolidated liquidity and cash balances, the cash balances at the operating companies and Parent, and amounts available under the TECO Energy/TECO Finance, TEC and NMGC credit facilities.  

(1)   
 
  Includes amounts under the TECO Energy/TECO Finance $400 million one-year term loan facility which was fully funded on Sept. 30, 2016 .    

We are evaluating refinancing alternatives for the March 2017 maturity of the one-year term loan facility at TECO Finance and expect capital market conditions will continue to allow for a variety of financing options. 
   
 Cash Impacts of the Merger with Emera  
 In 2016, TECO Energy had net cash outflows associated with the Merger of approximately $55 million. In 2017, TECO Energy expects to pay approximately $20 million, primarily representing transaction costs accrued at June 30, 2016.  In connection with the stipulation agreement approved by the NMPRC, pre-tax costs of approximately $30 million were recorded in the third quarter of 2016, with associated cash outflows over a 5-year period. In addition, a $27 million pro-rated dividend was paid to TECO Energy shareholders in July 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, Emera contributed $22 million to TECO Energy primarily related to funding accelerated stock compensation payments.   
 Cash Impacts Related to Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 increased compared to the same period in 2015. The change is primarily due to a higher deferred recovery clause balance due to over-recovery in 2016 as fuel prices were lower than projected, higher accounts payable primarily due to Merger-related transaction costs in 2016 and higher fuel and purchased power accruals, and lower fuel inventory due to increased use of coal units. 
 53 

Covenants in Financing Agreements   
 In order to utilize their respective bank credit facilities, TECO Energy and its subsidiaries must meet certain financial tests as defined in the applicable agreements. In addition, TECO Energy and its subsidiaries have certain restrictive covenants in specific agreements and debt instruments. At Sept. 30, 2016, TECO Energy and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all required financial covenants. The table that follows lists the significant financial covenants and the performance relative to them at Sept. 30, 2016. Reference is made to the specific agreements and instruments for more details. 

Significant Financial Covenants 

(1)   
 
 As defined in each applicable instrument.    

(2)   
 
 See  Note 6   to the   TECO Energy Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements  for a description of the credit facilities.    

Credit Ratings of Senior Unsecured Debt at Sept. 30, 2016 

Standard   
 Poor s (S P)  

Moody s  

Fitch  

Tampa Electric Company  

BBB+  

A3  

A-  

New Mexico Gas Company  

BBB+  

-  

-  

TECO Energy/TECO Finance  

BBB  

Baa2  

BBB  

On July 6, 2016, following the Merger with Emera, Moody s downgraded the senior unsecured credit ratings of TECO Energy/TECO Finance to Baa2 from Baa1 and the issuer rating and senior unsecured ratings of Tampa Electric Company to A3 from A2. This concluded the ratings review commenced by Moody s on June 2, 2016. Moody s described the ratings outlook for the companies as  Stable .  
 On July 1, 2016, following the Merger with Emera, S P affirmed the issuer credit ratings of TECO Energy and the senior unsecured debt ratings of its subsidiaries, TECO Finance, Tampa Electric Company and NMGC, and maintained the ratings outlook at negative. 
   
 On Oct. 9, 2015, Fitch Ratings affirmed the issuer default ratings of TECO Energy at BBB and TEC at BBB+ and affirmed the senior unsecured debt rating of its subsidiaries, TECO Finance and TEC. Fitch Ratings also described the ratings outlook as "Stable".  
 S P, Moody s and Fitch describe credit ratings in the BBB or Baa category as representing adequate capacity for payment of financial obligations. The lowest investment grade credit ratings for S P is BBB-, for Moody s is Baa3 and for Fitch is BBB-; thus, the credit rating agencies assign TECO Energy, TECO Finance, TEC and NMGC s senior unsecured debt investment-grade credit ratings.   
   A credit rating agency rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Our access to capital markets and cost of financing, including the applicability of restrictive financial covenants, are influenced by the ratings of our securities. In addition, certain of TEC s derivative instruments contain provisions that require TEC s debt to maintain investment grade credit ratings (see  Note 10  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements ). The credit ratings listed above are included in this report in order to provide information that may be relevant to these matters and because downgrades, if any, in credit ratings may affect our ability to borrow and may increase financing costs, which may decrease earnings (see the  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of  Part II  of this quarterly report). These credit  
 54 

ratings are not necessarily applicable to any particular security that we may offer and therefore should not be relied upon for making a decision to buy, sell or hold any of our securities.   
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 See  Note 8  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements  for information regarding the company s commitments and contingencies as of Sept. 30, 2016. 
 Fair Value Measurements  
 All natural gas derivatives were entered into by the regulated utilities to manage the impact of natural gas prices on customers. As a result of applying accounting standards for regulated operations, the changes in value of natural gas derivatives of Tampa Electric, PGS and NMGC are recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities to reflect the impact of the risks of hedging activities in the fuel recovery clause. Because the amounts are deferred and ultimately collected through the fuel clause, the unrealized gains and losses associated with the valuation of these assets and liabilities do not impact our results of operations.  
 The valuation methods used to determine fair value are described in  Notes 7 and 11  to the  TECO Energy Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements . In addition, the company considered the impact of nonperformance risk in determining the fair value of derivatives. The company considered the net position with each counterparty, past performance of both parties and the intent of the parties, indications of credit deterioration and whether the markets in which the company transacts have experienced dislocation. At Sept. 30, 2016, the fair value of derivatives was not materially affected by nonperformance risk.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 The company s critical accounting policies relate to deferred income taxes, employee postretirement benefits, long-lived assets, goodwill and regulatory accounting. For further discussion of critical accounting policies and estimates, see  TECO Energy s Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015.  
   
 55 

Item 3.   
 
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK      

 Changes in Fair Value of Derivatives 
 The change in fair value of derivatives is largely due to settlements of natural gas swaps and the increase in the average market price component of the company s outstanding natural gas swaps of approximately 7% from Dec. 31, 2015 to Sept. 30, 2016. For natural gas, the company increased the volume hedged as of Sept. 30, 2016 as compared to Dec. 31, 2015 by approximately 18%.  
 The following tables summarize the changes in and the fair value balances of derivative assets (liabilities) for the nine-month period ended Sept. 30, 2016:  
   
  Change in Fair Value of Derivatives   (millions)  

Roll-Forward of Derivative Net Assets (Liabilities)   (millions)  

Total derivative net assets (liabilities) as of Dec. 31, 2015  

$  
 
 (26.0  
 
 )  

Change in fair value of derivative net assets (liabilities):  

Recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities or other comprehensive income  

1.6  

Recorded in earnings  

0.0  

Realized net settlement of derivatives  

24.3  

Option premium payments  

0.6  

Net fair value of derivatives as of Sept. 30, 2016  

$  
 
 0.5  

Below is a summary table of sources of fair value, by maturity period, for derivative contracts at Sept. 30, 2016:     

(1)   
 
 Reflects over-the-counter natural gas derivative contracts for which the primary pricing inputs in determining fair value are NYMEX quoted closing prices of exchange-traded instruments.     

(2)   
 
 Model prices are used for determining the fair value of energy derivatives where price quotes are infrequent or the market is illiquid. Significant inputs to the models are derived from market-observable data and actual historical experience.     

 For all unrealized derivative contracts, the valuation is an estimate based on the best available information. Actual cash flows could be materially different from the estimated value upon maturity.  

56 

Item 4.   
 
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES      

 TECO Energy, Inc.  

(a)   
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  TECO Energy s management, with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of TECO Energy s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report (the Evaluation Date). Based on such evaluation, TECO Energy s principal financial officer and principal executive officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, TECO Energy s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.      

(b)   
 
 Changes in Internal Controls . There was no change in TECO Energy s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of TECO Energy s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during TECO Energy s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, such controls.      

 Tampa Electric Company  

(a)   
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . TEC s management, with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of TEC s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the Evaluation Date. Based on such evaluation, TEC s principal financial officer and principal executive officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, TEC s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.      

(b)   
 
 Changes in Internal Controls . There was no change in TEC s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of TEC s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during TEC s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, such controls.      

57 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
   
 Item 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
 From time to time, TECO Energy and its subsidiaries are involved in legal, tax and regulatory proceedings before various courts, regulatory commissions and governmental agencies in the ordinary course of its business. Where appropriate, accruals are made in accordance with accounting standards for contingencies to provide for matters that are probable of resulting in an estimable loss. While the outcome of such proceedings is uncertain, management does not believe that their ultimate resolution will have a material adverse effect on the company s results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.  
 For a discussion of certain legal proceedings and environmental matters, including an update of previously disclosed legal proceedings and environmental matters, see  Note 8  of the  TECO Energy  and  Tampa Electric Company Consolidated Financial Statements .  
 Item 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
 For a discussion of TECO Energy s risk factors, see  TECO Energy s Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015 and the update in  TECO Energy s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016. 
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION  
 As a result of the consummation of the Merger contemplated in the Merger Agreement on July 1, 2016 and as more fully described in  Note 14  of the  TECO Energy  and  Tampa Electric Company Consolidated Financial Statements , TECO Energy became a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Emera. As the sole shareholder, EUSHI has the ability to appoint the members of TECO Energy s board of directors. 

Item 6.   
 
 EXHIBITS     

 Exhibits  - See index on page 60.   

58 

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

TECO ENERGY, INC.  

(Registrant)  

Date: Nov. 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Gregory W. Blunden  

Gregory W. Blunden  

Senior Vice President-Finance and Accounting and Chief Financial Officer (Chief Accounting Officer)  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY  

(Registrant)  

Date: Nov. 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Gregory W. Blunden  

Gregory W. Blunden  

Senior Vice President-Finance and Accounting and  Chief Financial Officer (Chief Accounting Officer)  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

59 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

Exhibit  

No.  

Description  

3.1  

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of TECO Energy, Inc., as filed on July 1, 2016 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K dated July 1, 2016 of TECO Energy, Inc.).  
 
 *  

3.2  

Bylaws of TECO Energy, Inc., as amended and restated effective Aug. 17, 2016.  

3.3  

Restated Articles of Incorporation of Tampa Electric Company, as amended on Nov. 30, 1982 (Exhibit 3 to Registration Statement No. 2-70653 of Tampa Electric Company).  
 
 *  

3.4  

Bylaws of Tampa Electric Company, as amended effective Feb. 2, 2011 (Exhibit 3.4, Form 10-K for 2010 of TECO Energy, Inc. and Tampa Electric Company).  
 
 *  

10.1  

Amendment No. 1 to Loan and Servicing Agreement dated as of Aug. 10, 2016, among TEC Receivables Corp., as Borrower, Tampa Electric Company, as Servicer, certain lenders named therein, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as Program Agent.  

31.1  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of TECO Energy, Inc. pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of TECO Energy, Inc. pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.3  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Tampa Electric Company pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.4  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Tampa Electric Company pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of TECO Energy, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   (1)    

32.2  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Tampa Electric Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   (1)    

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

(1)   
 
 This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is not filed as part of it.     

*   
 
 Indicates exhibit previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by reference. Exhibits filed with periodic reports of TECO Energy, Inc. and TEC were filed under Commission File Nos. 1-8180 and 1-5007, respectively.    

 60  

<EX-3.2>
 2
 te-ex32_290.htm
 EX-3.2

te-ex32_290.htm

Exhibit 3.2 

Adopted:                   July 1, 2016 
 As Amended:     August 17, 2016 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 tECO ENERGY, INC. 
 A Florida For Profit Corporation 

Table of Contents  

-i- 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (continued) 

-ii- 

AMENDED AND RESTATED   BYLAWS  
 OF 
 TECO ENERGY, INC. 
 The Bylaws of TECO Energy, Inc. are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows: 
   ARTICLE 1 
 MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
   1.1  Annual Meeting . The annual meeting of the shareholders of this corporation shall be held at the time and place designated by the Board of Directors of this corporation. Business transacted at the annual meeting shall include the election of directors of this corporation. 
   1.2  Special Meetings . Special meetings of the shareholders shall be held when directed by the President or the Board of Directors, or when requested in writing by the holders of not less than ten percent (10%) of all the shares entitled to vote at the meeting. The call for the meeting shall be issued by the Secretary, unless the President, Board of Directors or shareholders requesting the meeting shall designate another person to do so. Meetings of shareholders may be held within or outside of the State of Florida. If no place is designated in the notice for a meeting of shareholders, the place of meeting shall be the principal office of this corporation. 
   1.3  Notice . Except as provided in the Florida Business Corporation Act (the  Act ), written notice stating the place, day and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise provided by law, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be delivered to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting, either personally or by first class mail, by or at the direction of the President, the Secretary, or the officer or other persons calling the meeting. If the notice is mailed at least thirty (30) days before the date of the meeting, it may be done by a class of United States mail other than first class. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the shareholder at the shareholder s address as it appears in the current records of shareholders of this corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. 
   1.4  Notice of Adjourned Meetings . When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the adjourned meeting if the time and place to which the meeting is adjourned are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, and at the adjourned meeting any business may be transacted that might have been transacted on the original date of the meeting. If, however, after the adjournment the Board of Directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as provided in Section 1.4 to each shareholder of record on the new record date entitled to vote at such meeting. 
     1.5  Waiver of Notice of Shareholders  Meetings . Whenever any notice is required to be given to any shareholder, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the shareholder or shareholders entitled to such notice, whether before, during or after the time of the meeting stated therein and  
 1 

delivered to this corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records, shall be equivalent to the giving of such notice  .   Attendance by a shareholder at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of:  (a) lack of notice or defective notice of such meeting, unless at the beginning of the meeting, the shareholder objects to holding the meeting; or (b) asserting defective notice of a particular matter at a meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described in the meeting notice, unless the person objects to considering that particular matter when it is presented  .   Unless otherwise required by the Articles of Incorporation, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the shareholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice.  
   1.6  Fixing Record Date . For the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or to demand a special meeting, or to receive payment of any distribution, or in order to make a determination of shareholders for any other purpose,  the Board of Directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for any determination of shareholders, such date in any case to be not more than seventy (70) days prior to the date on which the particular action requiring such determination of shareholders is to be taken. A determination of shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any meeting of shareholders shall apply to any adjournment thereof, unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting, which it must do if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date fixed for the original meeting. 
 If no prior action is required by the Board of Directors pursuant to the Act, the record date for determining shareholders entitled to take action without a meeting is the date the first signed written consent is delivered to this corporation under Section 1.16. 
   1.7  Voting Record . After fixing a record date for a meeting of shareholders, this corporation shall prepare an alphabetical list of the names of all shareholders who are entitled to notice of such meeting, arranged by voting group, with the address of, and the number and class and series, if any, of the shares held by, each shareholder. The shareholders  list must be available for inspection by any shareholder for a period of ten (10) days prior to the meeting or such shorter time as exists between the record date and the meeting and continuing through the meeting at this corporation s principal office, at a place identified in the meeting notice in the city where the meeting will be held, or at the office of this corporation s transfer agent or registrar. Any shareholder of this corporation or his agent or attorney is entitled on written demand to inspect the shareholders  list (subject to the requirements of the Act), during regular business hours and at his or her expense, during the period it is available for inspection. This corporation shall make the shareholders  list available at the meeting of shareholders, and any shareholder or his or her agent or attorney is entitled to inspect the list at any time during the meeting or any adjournment. 
 August 17, 2016 
 If the requirements of this Section have not been substantially complied with, the meeting shall be adjourned until such time as this corporation complies with such requirements on demand of any shareholder in person or by proxy who failed to get such access. If no such demand is made, failure to comply with the requirements of this Section 1.7 shall not affect the validity of any action taken at such meeting. 
 -2- 

1.8   Shareholder Quorum and Voting  .   Shares entitled to vote as a separate voting group may take action on a matter at a meeting only if a quorum of those shares exists with respect to that matter  .   Except as otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or by the Act, a majority of the shares entitled to vote on the matter by each voting group, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at any meeting of shareholders, but in no event shall a quorum consist of less than one third of the shares of each voting group entitled to vote  .   If less than a majority of outstanding shares entitled to vote are represented at a meeting, a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice  .   After a quorum has been established at any shareholders  meeting, the subsequent withdrawal of shareholders, so as to reduce the number of shares entitled to vote at the meeting below the number required for a quorum, shall not affect the validity of any action taken at the meeting or any adjournment thereof.  
 Once a share is represented for any purpose at a meeting, it is deemed present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting, unless a new record date is or must be set for that adjourned meeting. When a specified item of business is required to be voted on by a class or series of stock, a majority of the shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of such item of business by that class or series. 
   1.9  Votes Per Share . Except as otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or by the Act, each outstanding share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders. 
   1.10  Manner of Action . If a quorum is present, action on a matter (other than the election of directors) by a voting group is approved if the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, unless a greater or lesser number of affirmative votes is required by the Articles of Incorporation or by law. 
   1.11  Voting for Directors . At each election for directors, every shareholder entitled to vote at such election shall have the right to vote, in person or by proxy, the number of shares owned by him or her for as many persons as there are directors to be elected at that time and for whose election he or she has a right to vote. Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, cumulative voting is not authorized and the directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to vote in the election at a meeting at which a quorum is present. 
   1.12  Voting of Shares . A shareholder may vote at any meeting of shareholders of this corporation, either in person or by proxy. 
   Shares standing in the name of another corporation, domestic or foreign, may be voted by the officer, agent or proxy designated by the bylaws of the corporate shareholder or, in the absence of any applicable bylaw, by such person as the board of directors of the corporate shareholder may designate. Proof of such designation may be made by presentation of a certified copy of the bylaws or other instrument of the corporate shareholder. In the absence of any such designation or, in the case of conflicting designation by the corporate shareholder, the Chair of  
 -3- 

the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary and the Treasurer of the corporate shareholder shall be presumed to possess, in that order, authority to vote such shares.  
 Shares held by an administrator, executor, guardian, personal representative or conservator may be voted by him or her, either in person or by proxy, without a transfer of such shares into his or her name. Shares standing in the name of a trustee may be voted by him or her, either in person or by proxy, but no trustee shall be entitled to vote shares held by him or her without a transfer of such shares into his or her name or the name of his or her nominee. 
 Shares held by or under the control of a receiver, a trustee in a bankruptcy proceeding or an assignee for the benefit of creditors may be voted by such person without the transfer thereof into his or her name. 
 If shares stand of record in the names of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety or otherwise, or if two or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship with respect to the same shares, unless the Secretary of this corporation is given notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, then acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect: (a) if only one votes, in person or by proxy, that act binds all; (b) if more than one votes, in person or by proxy, the act of the majority so voting binds all; (c) if more than one votes, in person or by proxy, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each faction is entitled to vote the share or shares in question proportionally; or (d) if the instrument or order so filed shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interest, a majority or a vote evenly split for purposes hereof shall be a majority or a vote evenly split in interest. The principles of this paragraph shall apply, insofar as possible, to execution of proxies, waivers, consents, or objections and for the purpose of ascertaining the presence of a quorum. 
   1.13  Proxies . Any shareholder of this corporation, other person entitled to vote on behalf of a shareholder pursuant to the Act, or attorney in fact for such persons, may vote the shareholder s shares in person or by proxy. Any shareholder of this corporation may appoint a proxy to vote or otherwise act for him or her by signing an appointment form, either personally or by an attorney in fact. An executed telegram or cablegram appearing to have been transmitted by such person, or a photographic, photostatic, or equivalent reproduction of an appointment form, shall be deemed a sufficient appointment form. 
 An appointment of a proxy is effective when received by the Secretary of this corporation or such other officer or agent which is authorized to tabulate votes, and shall be valid for up to eleven (11) months, unless a longer period is expressly provided in the appointment form. 
 The death or incapacity of the shareholder appointing a proxy does not affect the right of this corporation to accept the proxy s authority unless notice of the death or incapacity is received by the Secretary or other officer or agent authorized to tabulate votes before the proxy exercises his or her authority under the appointment. 
 An appointment of a proxy is revocable by the shareholder unless the appointment form conspicuously states that it is irrevocable and the appointment is coupled with an interest. 
 -4- 

1.14   Voting Trusts  .   One or more shareholders may create a voting trust, conferring on a trustee the right to vote or otherwise act for them, by signing an agreement setting out the provisions of the trust and transferring their shares to the trustee  .   When   a voting   trust agreement is signed, the trustee shall prepare a list of the names and addresses of all owners of beneficial interest in the trust, together with the number and class of shares each transferred to the trust, and deliver copies of the list and agreement to this corporation s principal office  .   
   1.15  Shareholders  Agreements . Two or more shareholders may provide for the manner in which they will vote their shares, and providing for such other matters as are permitted by the Act, by signing an agreement for that purpose. When a shareholders  agreement is signed, the shareholders who are parties thereto shall deliver copies of the agreement to this corporation s principal office. After filing a copy of the agreement in this corporation s principal office, such copies shall be open to inspection by any shareholder of this corporation, subject to the requirements of the Act, or any party to the agreement during business hours. 
   1.16  Action by Shareholders Without a Meeting . Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote if the action is taken by the holders of outstanding shares of each  voting group entitled to vote thereon having not less than the minimum number of votes with respect to each voting group that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all voting groups and shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. In order to be effective, the action must be evidenced by one or more written consents describing the action taken, dated and signed by approving shareholders having the requisite number of votes of each voting group entitled to vote thereon, and delivered to this corporation by delivery to its principal office in Florida, its principal place of business, the Secretary of this corporation, or any other officer or agent of this corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of shareholders are recorded. No written consent shall be effective to take such corporate action unless, within sixty (60) days of the date of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this Section, written consents signed by the number of holders required to take such action are delivered to this corporation as set forth in this Section. 
 Any written consent may be revoked prior to the date that this corporation receives the required number of consents to authorize the proposed action. No revocation is effective unless in writing and until received by this corporation at its principal office in Florida or its principal place of business, or received by the Secretary or other officer or agent of this corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of shareholders are recorded. 
 Within ten (10) days after obtaining such authorization by written consent, notice shall be given to those shareholders who have not consented in writing or who are not entitled to vote on the action. The notice shall fairly summarize the material features of the authorized action and, if the action is one for which dissenters  rights are provided under the Articles of Incorporation or by law, the notice shall contain a clear statement of the right of shareholders dissenting therefrom to be paid the fair value of their shares upon compliance with applicable law. 
 A consent signed as required by this Section 1.16 has the effect of a meeting vote and may be described as such in any document. 
 -5- 

Whenever action is taken as set forth in this Section 1.1  6  , the written consent of the shareholders consenting thereto or the written reports of Inspectors of Election appointed to tabulate such consents shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of shareholders.  
   1.17  Inspectors of Election . Prior to each meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors or the President may appoint one or more Inspectors of Election. Upon his or her appointment, each such Inspector of Election shall take and sign an oath to faithfully execute the duties of Inspector of Election at such meeting with strict impartiality and to the best of his or her ability. Such Inspectors of Election shall determine the number of shares outstanding, the number of shares present at the meeting and whether a quorum is present at such meeting. The Inspectors of Election shall receive votes and ballots and shall determine all challenges and questions as to the right to vote and shall thereafter count and tabulate all votes and ballots and determine the result. Such Inspectors of Election shall do such further acts as are proper to conduct the elections of directors and the vote on other matters with fairness to all shareholders. The Inspectors of Election shall make a certificate of the results of the elections of directors and the vote on other matters. No Inspector of Election shall be a candidate for election as a director of this corporation. 
   ARTICLE 2 
 DIRECTORS 
   2.1  Functions . Except as provided in the Articles of Incorporation or by law, all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of this corporation shall be managed under the direction of, the Board of Directors. 
   2.2  Number . The current Board of Directors of this corporation consists of three (3) persons. The number of directors may at any time and from time to time be increased or decreased by action of either the shareholders or the Board of Directors, but no decrease in the number of directors shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director. 
   2.3  Qualifications . A director must be a natural person who is 18 years of age or older but need not be a citizen of the United States, a resident of the State of Florida or a shareholder of this corporation. 
   2.4  Term . Each director shall hold office until a successor has been elected and qualified or until an earlier resignation, removal from office or death. 
   2.5  Removal of Directors . Any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed, with or without cause, by action of the shareholders, unless the Articles of Incorporation provide that the directors may be removed only for cause. If a director was elected by a voting group of shareholders, only the shareholders of that voting group may participate in the vote to remove that director. The notice of the meeting at which a vote is taken to remove a director must state that the purpose or one of the purposes of the meeting is the removal of the director or directors. 
     2.6  Resignation . Any director may resign at any time by delivering written notice to this corporation, the Board of Directors or the Chair of the Board. Such resignation is effective when  
 -6- 

the notice is delivered unless the notice specifies a later effective date, in which event the Board of Directors may fill the pending vacancy before the effective date if the Board of Directors provides that the successor does not take office until the effective date.  
   2.7  Vacancies . Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors, including any vacancy created by reason of an increase in the number of directors, may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or by the shareholders. A director elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office only until the next shareholders  meeting at which directors are elected. 
 August 17, 2016 
   2.8  Chair of the Board . If the Board of Directors appoints a chair of the board, he or she shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors. He or she shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are customarily vested in the office of the chair of the board or as may be vested in him or her by the Board of Directors. 
 August 17, 2016 
   2.9  Regular Meetings.  An annual regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held without notice immediately after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of shareholders for the purpose of the election of officers and the transaction of such other business as may come before the meeting, or at such other time and place as may be determined by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, at any time and from time to time, provide by resolution, the time and place, either within or outside of the State of Florida, for the holding of the annual regular meeting or additional regular meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
   2.10  Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chair of the Board, the President or any one (1) director. 
 The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may designate any place, either within or outside of the State of Florida, as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. If no designation is made, the place of meeting shall be the principal office of this corporation in the State of Florida. 
 Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors may be given by any reasonable means, whether oral or written, and at any reasonable time prior to such meeting. The reasonableness of any notice given in connection with any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be determined in light of all of the pertinent circumstances. It shall be presumed that notice of any special meeting given at least two (2) days prior to such special meeting, either orally (by telephone or in person), or by written notice delivered personally or mailed to each director at his or her business or residence address, is reasonable. If mailed, such notice of any special meeting shall be deemed to be delivered on the second day after it is deposited in the United States mail, so addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. If notice is given by telegram, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when the telegram is delivered to the telegraph company. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose or purposes of, any special meetings of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice or in any written waiver of notice of such meeting. 
 -7- 

2.11   Waiver of Notice of Meeting  .   Notice of a meeting of the Board of Directors need not be given to any director who signs a written waiver of notice either before, during or after the meeting  .   Attendance of a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting and waiver of any and all objections to the place of the meeting, the time of the meeting and the manner in which it has been called or convened, except when a director states, at the beginning of the meeting or promptly upon arrival at the meeting, any objection to the transaction of business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.  
   2.12  Quorum and Voting . A majority of the number of directors fixed in the manner provided by these bylaws shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; provided however, that whenever, for any reason, a vacancy occurs in the Board of Directors, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the remaining directors until the vacancy has been filled. The act of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present when the vote is taken shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 
 A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum exists, may adjourn any meeting of the Board of Directors to another time and place. Notice of any such adjourned meeting shall be given to the directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment and, unless the time and place of the adjourned meeting are announced at the time of the adjournment, to the other directors. 
   2.13  Presumption of Assent . A director of this corporation who is present at a meeting of its Board of Directors, or a committee of the Board of Directors, at which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken, unless he or she (i) objects at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon his or her arrival) to holding the meeting or transacting specified business at the meeting, or (ii) votes against such action or abstains from the action taken. 
   2.14  Meetings of the Board of Directors by Means of Telephone Conference or Similar Communications.  Members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting of such Board by means of a telephone conference or similar communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at a meeting. 
   2.15  Action Without a Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by all of the directors of this corporation, or all the members of the committee, as the case may be. Action taken under this Section is effective when the last director or member of the committee signs the consent, unless the consent specifies a different effective date. Such consent shall have the effect as a meeting vote and may be described as such in any document. 
     2.16  Compensation . Each director may be paid his or her expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and a committee thereof, and may be paid a stated salary as a director or a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) or both, as may from time to time be determined by action of the Board of  
 -8- 

Directors  .   No such payment shall preclude any director from serving this corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.  
   2.17  Director Conflicts of Interests . No contract or other transaction between this corporation and one or more of its directors or any other corporation, firm, association or entity in which one or more of the directors of this corporation are directors or officers or are financially interested shall be either void or voidable because of such relationship or interest, or because such director or directors of this corporation are present at the meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof which authorizes, approves or ratifies such contract or transaction, or because his or her or their vote(s) are counted for such purpose, if: 
 2.17.1 The fact of such relationship or interest is disclosed or known to the Board of Directors or committee which authorizes, approves or ratifies the contract or transaction by a vote or consent sufficient for the purpose without counting the vote(s) or written consent(s) of such interested director(s); or 
 2.17.2 The fact of such relationship or interest is disclosed or known to the shareholders entitled to vote and they authorize, approve or ratify such contract or transaction by vote or written consent; or 
 2.17.3 The contract or transaction is fair and reasonable as to this corporation at the time it is authorized by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the shareholders. 
 Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof which authorizes, approves or ratifies such contract or transaction. 
   ARTICLE 3 
 COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 The Board of Directors, by resolution adopted by a majority of the full Board of Directors, may designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other committees each of which, to the extent provided in such resolution, shall have and may exercise all the authority of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by the Act. 
 August 17, 2016 
 Each committee must have two (2) or more members who serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors, by resolution adopted in accordance with this Article 3, may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any such committee who may act in the place and stead of any absent member or members at any meeting of such committee. 
 -9- 

ARTICLE 4  
 OFFICERS 
 August 17, 2016 
   4.1  Officers . If so appointed by the Board of Directors, the officers of this corporation shall consist of a President and/or Chief Executive Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers as appointed by the Board of Directors. Any two (2) or more offices may be held by the same person.  Assistant officers may be appointed by the President from time-to-time. 
 August 17, 2016 
   4.2  Appointment and Term of Office . The officers of this corporation shall be appointed annually by the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until a successor has been duly appointed and qualified, or until an earlier resignation, removal from office, or death. 
 August 17, 2016 
   4.3  Removal of Officers . Any officer of this corporation may be removed from his or her office or position at any time, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors. Any officer or assistant officer, if appointed by another officer pursuant to authority, if any, received from the Board of Directors, may likewise be removed by such appointing officer. 
   4.4  Resignation . Any officer of this corporation may resign at any time from his or her office or position by delivering notice to this corporation, the Board of Directors or the Chair of the Board. Such resignation is effective when the notice is delivered unless the notice specifies a later effective date. If a resignation is made effective at a later date and this corporation accepts the future effective date, the Board of Directors may fill the pending vacancy before the effective date if the Board provides that the successor does not take office until the effective date. 
   4.5  Duties . If so appointed by the Board of Directors, the officers of this corporation shall have the following duties: 
 The President shall be the chief executive officer of this corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, in general, supervise and control all of the business and affairs of this corporation. In addition, the President shall possess, and may exercise, such power and authority, and shall perform such duties, as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, and as are incident to the office of President. 
 Each Vice President shall possess, and may exercise, such power and authority, and shall perform such duties, as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors or the President. 
 The Secretary shall have custody of, and maintain, all of the corporate records except the financial records, shall record the minutes of all meetings of the shareholders and Board of Directors, see that all notices of meetings are duly given, keep a register of the mailing address of each shareholder of this corporation, be responsible for authenticating records of this corporation and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the President. 
 -10- 

The Treasurer shall have custody of all corporate funds and financial records, shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the President.  
   4.6  Other Officers, Employees, and Agents . Each and every other officer, employee, and agent of this corporation shall possess, and may exercise, such power and authority, and shall perform such duties, as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the officer appointing him or her, and such officer or officers who may from time to time be designated by the Board to exercise supervisory authority. 
   ARTICLE 5 
 STOCK CERTIFICATES 
   5.1  Certificates for Shares . The Board of Directors shall determine whether shares of this corporation shall be uncertificated or certificated. If certificated shares are issued, certificates representing shares in this corporation shall be signed (either manually or by facsimile) by the President or Vice President and the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary and may be sealed with the seal of this corporation or a facsimile thereof. A certificate which has been signed by an officer or officers who later shall have ceased to be such officer when the certificate is issued shall nevertheless be valid. No certificate shall be issued for any share until such share is fully paid. Upon receipt of the consideration for which the Board of Directors has authorized for the issuance of the shares, such shares so issued shall be fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Each share certificate representing shares shall state upon the face thereof: (a) the name of this corporation; (b) that this corporation is organized under the laws of the State of Florida; (c) the name of the person or persons to whom issued; (d) the number and class of shares, and the designation of the series, if any, which such certificate represents; and (e) if different classes of shares or different series within a class are authorized, a summary of the designation, relative rights, preferences, and limitations applicable to each class and the variations in rights, preferences, and limitations determined for each series (and the authority of the Board of Directors to determine variations for future series), or in the alternative, that this corporation will provide the shareholder with a full statement of this information on request and without charge. If the share is uncertificated, this corporation shall, within a reasonable time after the issue or transfer of such share, send the shareholder a written statement of the information required to be placed on a certificate as above set forth. 
   5.2  Transfer of Shares; Ownership of Shares . Transfers of shares of stock of this corporation shall be made only on the stock transfer books of this corporation, and only after the surrender to this corporation of the certificates representing such shares, if any. Except as provided by the Act, the person in whose name the shares stand on the books of this corporation shall be deemed by this corporation to be the owner thereof for all purposes and this corporation shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof. 
     5.3  Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . This corporation shall issue a new stock certificate in the place of any certificate previously issued if the holder of record of the  
 -11- 

certificate: (a) makes proof in affidavit form that it has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken; (b) requests the issuance of a new certificate before this corporation has notice that the certificate has been acquired by a purchaser for value in good faith and without notice of any adverse claim; (c) at the discretion of the Board of Directors, gives bond in such form and amount as this corporation may require, to indemnify this corporation, the transfer agent and registrar against any claim that may be made on account of the alleged loss, destruction or theft of such certificate; and (d) satisfies any other reasonable requirements imposed by this corporation.  
   ARTICLE 6 
 ACTIONS WITH RESPECT TO SECURITIES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS 
 Unless otherwise directed by the Board of Directors, the President or a designee of the President shall have the power to vote and to otherwise act on behalf of this corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of shareholders on, or with respect to, any action of shareholders of any other corporation in which this corporation may hold securities and to otherwise exercise any and all rights and powers which this corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities in other corporations. 
   ARTICLE 7 
 BOOKS AND RECORDS 
   7.1  Books and Records . This corporation shall maintain accurate accounting records and shall keep records of minutes of all meetings of its shareholders and Board of Directors, a record of all actions taken by the shareholders or Board of Directors without a meeting, and a record of all actions taken by a committee of the Board of Directors in place of the Board of Directors on behalf of this corporation. 
 This corporation or its agent shall also maintain a record of its shareholders in a form that permits preparation of a list of names and addresses of all shareholders in alphabetical order by classes  of shares showing the number and series of shares held by each. 
 This corporation shall keep a copy of the following records:  (a) its Articles or Restated Articles of Incorporation and all amendments thereto currently in effect; (b) its bylaws or restated bylaws and all amendments thereto currently in effect; (c) written communications to all shareholders generally or all shareholders of a class or series within the past three years, including the financial statements furnished for the past three years; (d) a list of the names and business street addresses of its current directors and officers; and (e) its most recent annual report delivered to the Department of State. 
 Any books, records and minutes may be in written form or in any other form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable time. 
     7.2  Financial Information . Unless modified by resolution of the shareholders, not later than four months after the close of each fiscal year this corporation shall prepare a balance sheet showing in reasonable detail the financial condition of the corporation as of the close of its fiscal  
 -12- 

year, and a profit and loss statement showing the results of the operations of the corporation during its fiscal year.  
 Upon the written request of any shareholder or holder of voting trust certificates for shares of the corporation, the corporation shall mail to such shareholder or holder of voting trust certificates a copy of the most recent such balance sheet and profit and loss statement. 
   ARTICLE 8 
 CORPORATE SEAL 
 The Board of Directors shall provide for a corporate seal which may be facsimile, engraved, printed or an impression seal which shall be circular in form and shall have inscribed thereon the name of this corporation, the words  seal  and  Florida  and the year of incorporation. 
   ARTICLE 9 
 AMENDMENTS 
 These bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed and new bylaws may be adopted, by either the Board of Directors or the shareholders, but the Board of Directors may not alter, amend or repeal any bylaw adopted by shareholders if the shareholders specifically provide that such bylaw is not subject to amendment or repeal by the directors. 
   
 -13-  

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 te-ex101_445.htm
 EX-10.1

te-ex101_445.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 EXECUTION COPY 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 TO 
 LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) dated as of August 10, 2016 is by and among Tampa Electric Company, in its capacity as   Servicer   under the Loan Agreement (as defined below); TEC Receivables Corp., in its capacity as   Borrower  , The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, in its capacities as   Program Agent   and a   Managing Agent,   The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., in its capacity as a   Committed Lender ;  and Royal Bank of Canada, in its capacities as a   Managing Agent   and a   Committed Lender.   Capitalized terms used herein but not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Loan Agreement (as defined below). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: 
 (1) The Servicer, the Borrower, the Committed Lenders, the Managing Agents, the Program Agent and certain Conduit Lenders are parties to that certain Loan and Servicing Agreement dated as of March 24, 2015 (the   Loan Agreement  ). 
 (2) The parties hereto wish to amend the Loan Agreement, in accordance with Section 10.01(b) thereof, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1.  Amendments to the Loan Agreement . Effective as of the date hereof and subject to the satisfaction of the condition precedent set forth in  Section 2  hereof, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
 A.  Section 1.01   of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended to add the following sentence at the end of the definition of    LIBO Rate   :  
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, at no time shall the LIBO Rate be less than 0%.   
 B.  Section 7.01   of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete   subsection 7.01(g)(i) and replace it with the following:  
  (i) (A) the average of the Dilution Ratios for any three (3) consecutive Monthly Periods ending during the period from July 31, 2016 through December 31, 2016 shall exceed 5.00% or (B) the average of the Dilution Ratios for any three (3) consecutive Monthly Periods ending January 31, 2017 or thereafter shall exceed 3.00%.  
 ACTIVE 216431687v.3 

SECTION 2.        Conditions of Effectiveness  .     This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof upon the receipt by the Program Agent of this Amendment duly executed by all of the parties hereto.  
 SECTION 3.  Representations and Warranties . 
 A.  Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby reaffirms all covenants, representations and warranties made by it in the Loan Agreement and agrees that all such covenants, representations and warranties shall be deemed to have been re-made as of the effective date of this Amendment, unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date than the Effective Date, in which case they shall be correct on and as of such earlier date.  
 B.  Each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby represents and warrants as to itself (i) that this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such party enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and general principles of equity which may limit the availability of equitable remedies and (ii) upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, that no event shall have occurred and be continuing which constitutes an Event of Termination or an Incipient Event of Termination.  
 SECTION 4.  Reference to and Effect on the Loan Agreement . 
 A.  On and after the effective date of this Amendment, each reference in the Loan Agreement to  this Agreement ,  hereunder ,  hereof ,  herein  or words of like import referring to the Loan Agreement and each reference to the Loan Agreement in any certificate delivered in connection therewith, shall mean and be a reference to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby.  
 B.  Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, except as specifically amended above, the Loan Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed and shall continue to be in full force and effect and enforceable, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors  rights generally and general equitable principles.  
 C.  The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender, any Managing Agent or the Program Agent under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision contained therein.  
 SECTION 5.   Execution in Counterparts .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. 
 2 
 ACTIVE 216431687v.3 

SECTION 6.        Governing Law  .      THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  
 [Signature pages follow.] 

3 
 ACTIVE 216431687v.3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of     the day and year first above written.  

TAMPA   ELECTRIC   COMPANY,  

as   Servicer  

By:  

/s/ K. M. Caruso  

Name:  

K. M. Caruso  

Title:  

Treasurer  

TEC RECEIVABLES CORP., as Borrower  

By:  

/s/ K. M. Caruso  

Name:  

K. M. Caruso  

Title:  

Treasurer  

4 
 ACTIVE 216431687v.3 

THE   BANK   OF   TOKYO-MITSUBISHI   UFJ,  

LTD.,   NEW   YORK   BRANCH,   as   Program   Agent  

and as a Managing Agent  

By:  

/s/ Christopher Pohl  

Name:  

Christopher Pohl  

Title:  

Managing Director  

THE   BANK   OF   TOKYO-MITSUBISHI   UFJ,  

LTD., as a Committed Lender  

By:  

/s/ Christopher Pohl  

Name:  

Christopher Pohl  

Title:  

Managing Director  

5 
 ACTIVE 216431687v.3 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Managing  

Agent and as a Committed Lender  

By:  

/s/ Veronica L. Gallagher  

Name:  

Veronica L. Gallagher  

Title:  

Authorized Signatory  

6 
 ACTIVE 216431687v.3  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 te-ex311_13.htm
 EX-31.1

te-ex311_13.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Robert R. Bennett, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of TECO Energy, Inc.;  

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  
 
 Nov. 7, 2016  

/s/  ROBERT R. BENNETT  

ROBERT R. BENNETT  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 te-ex312_10.htm
 EX-31.2

te-ex312_10.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Gregory W. Blunden, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of TECO Energy, Inc.;  

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  
 
 Nov. 7, 2016  

/s/  GREGORY W. BLUNDEN  

GREGORY W. BLUNDEN  

Senior Vice President-Finance and  Accounting and Chief Financial Officer (Chief Accounting Officer)  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 te-ex313_7.htm
 EX-31.3

te-ex313_7.htm

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Gordon L. Gillette, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tampa Electric Company;  

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  
 
 Nov. 7, 2016  

/s/  GORDON L. GILLETTE  

GORDON L. GILLETTE  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 7
 te-ex314_12.htm
 EX-31.4

te-ex314_12.htm

Exhibit 31.4 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Gregory W. Blunden, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tampa Electric Company;  

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  
 
 Nov. 7, 2016  

/s/  GREGORY W. BLUNDEN  

GREGORY W. BLUNDEN  

Senior Vice President-Finance and Accounting  and Chief Financial Officer  (Chief Accounting Officer)  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 te-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

te-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 TECO ENERGY, INC 
   
 Certification of Periodic Financial Report 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
   
 Each of the undersigned officers of TECO Energy, Inc. (the  Company ) certifies, under the standards set forth in and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:   
 
 Nov. 7, 2016  

/s/  ROBERT R. BENNETT  

ROBERT R. BENNETT  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:  
 
 Nov. 7, 2016  

/s/  GREGORY W. BLUNDEN  

GREGORY W. BLUNDEN  

Senior Vice President-Finance  and Accounting and Chief Financial Officer  (Chief Accounting Officer)  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
   
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-Q.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 te-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

te-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 
   
 Certification of Periodic Financial Report 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
   
 Each of the undersigned officers of Tampa Electric Company (the  Company ) certifies, under the standards set forth in and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:   
 
  Nov. 7, 2016  

/s/  GORDON L. GILLETTE  

GORDON L. GILLETTE  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:  
 
 Nov. 7, 2016  

/s/  GREGORY W. BLUNDEN  

GREGORY W. BLUNDEN  

Senior Vice President-Finance and Accounting  
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Chief Accounting Officer)  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
   
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-Q.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 te-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 te-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 te-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 te-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 te-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 te-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

