<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1572702_0001564590-16-027922_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5297608</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81216</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>197632</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1272910</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1756638</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1090645</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027922.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107154659
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027922
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atlas Growth Partners, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001572702
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				800906030
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55603
		FILM NUMBER:		161977993

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PARK PLACE CORPORATE CENTER ONE
		STREET 2:		1000 COMMERCE DRIVE, SUITE 400
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15275
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4124890006

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PARK PLACE CORPORATE CENTER ONE
		STREET 2:		1000 COMMERCE DRIVE, SUITE 400
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15275

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027922.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 agp-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

agp-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES   
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR  

For the transition period from                 to                 
 Commission file number: 000-55603  
   
 Atlas Growth Partners, L.P.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

80-0906030  

(State or other jurisdiction or  
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)  

Park Place Corporate Center One 
 1000 Commerce Drive, Suite 400 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania  

15275  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

Zip code  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 412-489-0006  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes               No           
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes            No           
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes            No         
 The number of outstanding common limited partner units of the registrant on November 4, 2016 was 23,300,410.  

1 
 
    ATLAS GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P.  
 INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT 
 ON FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Partners  Capital for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    

6  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

7  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

8  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

17  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

25  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

26  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

27  

SIGNATURES      

28  

2 
 
    Forward-Looking Statements  
 The matters discussed within this report include forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  anticipate,   assume,   believe,   budget,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   might,   plan,   potential,   predict,   should,  or  will,  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. In particular, statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance contained in this report are forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations include:  

the suspension of our primary offering efforts and our quarterly distribution;     

our ability to continue as a going concern;     

our use of the proceeds of our public offering;     

our business and investment strategy;     

our ability to make acquisitions and other investments in a timely manner or on acceptable terms;      

current credit market conditions and our ability to obtain long-term financing for our property acquisitions and drilling activities in a timely manner and on terms that are consistent with what we project when we invest in a property;     

the effect of general market, oil and gas market (including volatility of realized price for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids), economic and political conditions, including the recent economic slowdown in the oil and gas industry;     

uncertainties with respect to identified drilling locations and estimates of reserves;     

our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to make distributions to our unitholders;     

the degree and nature of our competition; and     

the availability of qualified personnel at our general partner and Atlas Energy Group, LLC, or ATLS.     

The forward-looking statements contained in this report reflect our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider these risks before you make an investment decision with respect to our common units.  
 Other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements in this report are more fully described under  Risk Factors  in our prospectus for our public offering, as amended and supplemented and Part II,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016 and in this report. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of these statements to reflect future events or developments.  
   
 3 
 
    ATLAS GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 
 
    ATLAS GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per unit data) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 
 
    ATLAS GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PARTNERS  CAPITAL 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 
 
    ATLAS GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 
 
    ATLAS GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P.  
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
 NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 We are a Delaware limited partnership and an independent developer and producer of natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids ( NGL ) with operations primarily focused in the Eagle Ford Shale in south Texas. Our general partner, Atlas Growth Partners GP, LLC ( AGP GP ) owns 100% of our general partner units (which are entitled to receive 2% of the cash distributed by us without any obligation to make further capital contributions) and all of the incentive distribution rights through which it manages and effectively controls us. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to  Atlas Growth Partners, L.P.,   Atlas Growth Partners,   the Partnership,   we,   us,   our  and  our company  refer to Atlas Growth Partners, L.P. and our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Atlas Energy Group, LLC ( ATLS  or  Atlas Energy ), a publicly traded Delaware limited liability company (OTC: ATLS) manages and controls us through its 2.1% limited partner interest in us and 80.0% member interest in AGP GP. Current and former members of ATLS management own the remaining 20% member interest in AGP GP. 
 In addition to its general and limited partner interest in us, ATLS also holds a Series A Preferred Share (which entitles it to receive 2% of distributions, subject to potential dilution in the event of future equity interests and to appoint four of seven directors) in Titan Energy, LLC ( Titan ), an independent developer and producer of natural gas, crude oil and NGLs, with operations in basins across the United States, and a general and limited partner interest in Lightfoot Capital Partners, L.P. and Lightfoot Capital Partners GP, LLC, which incubate new MLPs and invest in existing MLPs. 
 To date, we have funded our operations through the private placement of 23,300,410 of our common limited partner units at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit which ended June 30, 2015 (the  Private Placement Offering ). The common units are a class of limited partner interests in us. The holders of common units are entitled to participate in partnership distributions, exercise the rights or privileges available to them, have limited voting rights and have limited liability, all as outlined in the partnership agreement. 
 Our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration Number: 333-207537) (our  Form S-1 ) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on April 5, 2016. We are offering in the aggregate up to 100,000,000 Class A common units and Class T common units, each representing limited partner interests in us, pursuant to a primary offering on a "best efforts" basis. We must receive minimum offering proceeds of $1.0 million to break escrow, and the maximum offering proceeds of the primary offering may not exceed $1.0 billion. The Class A common units will be sold for a cash purchase price of $10.00 and the Class T common units will be sold for a cash purchase price of $9.60, with the remaining $0.40 constituting the Class T common unitholders' deferred payment obligation to us. We are also offering up to 21,505,376 Class A common units at $9.30 per unit pursuant to a distribution reinvestment plan. As disclosed in Note 2, our management recently decided to temporarily suspend our primary offering efforts. 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, which are unaudited except that the balance sheet at December 31, 2015 was derived from audited financial statements, have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC and are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim reporting. They do not include all disclosures normally made in financial statements contained in our Form S-1. It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Form S-1. In management s opinion, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed have been made. The results of operations for the interim periods presented may not necessarily be indicative of the results of operations for the full year. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Transactions between us and other ATLS managed operations have been identified in the condensed consolidated financial statements as transactions between affiliates, where applicable. All material intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
 8 
 
    Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities that exist at the date of our condensed consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and costs and expenses during the reporting periods. Our condensed consolidated financial statements are based on a number of significant estimates, including revenue and expense accruals, accruals for well drilling and completion costs, depletion, depreciation and amortization and fair value of derivative instruments. The oil and gas industry principally conducts its business by processing actual transactions as many as 60 days after the month of delivery.  Consequently, the most recent two months  financial results were recorded using estimated volumes and contract market prices. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have historically funded our operations, acquisitions and cash distributions primarily through cash generated from operations and financing activities, including the Private Placement Offering completed in 2015. Our future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including oil and natural gas prices. Prices for oil and natural gas began to decline significantly during the fourth quarter of 2014 and have continued to decline and remain low in 2016. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted our revenues, earnings and cash flows. Sustained low commodity prices will have a material and adverse effect on our liquidity position. 
 On November 2, 2016, management decided to temporarily suspend our current primary offering efforts in light of new regulations and the challenging fund raising environment until such time as market participants have had an opportunity to ascertain the impact of such issues. In addition, our Board of Directors determined to suspend our quarterly common unit distributions, beginning with the three months ended September 30, 2016, in order retain our cash flow and reinvest in our business and assets due to the suspension of our current primary offering.  Accordingly, these decisions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  Management determined that substantial doubt is alleviated through management s plans to reduce general and administrative expenses, the majority of which represent allocations from ATLS. 
 ARP Restructuring and Emergence from Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Proceedings 
 Atlas Resource Partners, L.P. ( ARP ), was a publicly traded Delaware master-limited partnership in which ATLS held general and limited partner interests. On July 25, 2016, ARP and certain of its subsidiaries and ATLS, solely with respect to certain sections thereof, entered into a restructuring support agreement with ARP s lenders (the  Restructuring Support Agreement ) for a prepackaged restructuring that reduced debt on its balance sheet (the  ARP Restructuring ). On July 27, 2016, ARP and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ( Chapter 11 ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. The cases commenced thereby were jointly administered under the caption  In re: ATLAS RESOURCE PARTNERS, L.P., et al.   We and ARP were affiliates through the ownership by our common parent, ATLS. ARP emerged from bankruptcy on September 1, 2016, as Titan.  
 We were not a party to the Restructuring Support Agreement, and the ARP Restructuring did not materially impact us.  
 The ARP Restructuring did not materially impact ATLS or its ownership interest in us, including ATLS  control of our general partner, AGP GP. The debt structure of ATLS was recently modified, and ATLS was not a party to the ARP Restructuring. ATLS remains controlled by the same ownership group and management team and thus, the ARP Restructuring did not have a material impact on the ability of management to operate us or the other ATLS managed businesses.  
 Eagle Ford Acquisition 
   On November 5, 2014, we and ARP completed an acquisition of oil and natural gas liquid interests in the Eagle Ford Shale in Atascosa County, Texas from Cima Resources, LLC and Cinco Resources, Inc. (together  Cinco ) for $342.0 million, net of purchase price adjustments (the  Eagle Ford Acquisition ).  On March 31, 2015, we paid $28.3 million to satisfy our second installment related to the Eagle Ford Acquisition. On June 30, 2015, we paid $16.0 million to satisfy our third installment related to the Eagle Ford Acquisition. On July 8, 2015, we sold to ARP, for a purchase price of $1.4 million, our interest in a portion of the acreage we acquired in the Eagle Ford Acquisition. On September 21, 2015, we and ARP, in accordance with the terms of the Eagle Ford shared acquisition and operating agreement, agreed that ARP would fund our remaining two deferred purchase price installments of $16.2 million and $20.1 million, which were paid by ARP on October  
 9 
 
  1, 2015 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In conjunction with this agreement, we assigned   ARP a portion of our non-operating Eagle Ford assets that have a value (as such value was agreed upon by the sellers and the buyers in connection with the Eagle Ford Acquisition) equal to both installments to be paid by ARP. The transaction was approved by   our and ARP s respective conflicts committees.   
   Segment Reporting 
 We derive revenue from our gas and oil production. These production facilities have been aggregated into one reportable segment, because the facilities have similar long-term economic characteristics, products and types of customers. 
 Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit 
 Basic net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners per unit is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners, which is determined after the deduction of the general partner s interest, by the weighted average number of common limited partner units outstanding during the period. The general partner s interest in net income (loss) is calculated on a quarterly basis based upon our general partner units and incentive distributions to be distributed for the quarter (see Note 9), with a priority allocation of net income to the general partner s incentive distributions, if any, in accordance with our partnership agreement, and the remaining net income (loss) allocated with respect to the general partner s and limited partners  ownership interests. 
 We present net income (loss) per unit under the two-class method, which considers whether the incentive distributions represent a participating security. The two-class method considers whether our partnership agreement contains any contractual limitations concerning distributions to the incentive distribution rights that would impact the amount of earnings to allocate to the incentive distribution rights for each reporting period. If distributions are contractually limited to the incentive distribution rights  share of currently designated available cash for distributions as defined under our partnership agreement, undistributed earnings in excess of available cash should not be allocated to the incentive distribution rights. Under the two-class method, our management believes our partnership agreement contractually limits cash distributions to available cash; therefore, undistributed earnings are not allocated to the incentive distribution rights. 
 The following is a reconciliation of net loss allocated to the common limited partners for purposes of calculating net loss attributable to common limited partners per unit (in thousands): 

Diluted net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners per unit is calculated by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common limited partners by the sum of the weighted average number of common limited partner units outstanding and the dilutive effect of common limited partner warrants, as calculated by the treasury stock method. 
 The following table sets forth the reconciliation of our weighted average number of common units used to compute basic net income (loss) attributable to common unit holders per unit with those used to compute diluted net income (loss) attributable to common unit holders per unit (in thousands): 

10 

(1)   
 
        For   both   the three months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, 2,330,000   common limited partner warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings attributable to common limited partners per unit, because the inclusion of units issuable upon the exercise of the warrants would have been anti-dilutive. For the   nine     months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, 2,330,000 and 1,  700  ,000  , respectively,   common limited partner warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings attributable to common limited partners per unit, because the inclusion of units issuabl  e upon the exercise of the warrants would have been anti-dilutive.     

 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 As stated in our Form S-1, we qualify for emerging growth company status; however, we do not elect this exemption in relation to accounting standards. 
 In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) updated the accounting guidance related to leases. The updated accounting guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease asset and liability at the commencement date of all leases (with the exception of short-term leases), initially measured at the present value of the lease payments. The updated guidance is effective for us as of January 1, 2019 and requires a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest period presented. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated accounting guidance will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In August 2014, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to the evaluation of whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The updated accounting guidance requires an entity s management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and provide footnote disclosures, if necessary. We adopted this accounting guidance on January 1, 2016, and provided enhanced disclosures, as applicable, within our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standards update related to revenue recognition. The updated accounting guidance provides a single, contract-based revenue recognition model to help improve financial reporting by providing clearer guidance on when an entity should recognize revenue, and by reducing the number of standards to which an entity has to refer. This update is effective for us as of January 1, 2018. We are currently in process of determining the impact that the update will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and our method of adoption. 
   
 NOTE 3   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 The following is a summary of property, plant and equipment at the dates indicated (in thousands): 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized $7.3 million of asset impairment related to proved oil and gas properties in the Marble Falls and Mississippi Lime operating areas, which were impaired due to lower forecasted commodity prices. There were no impairments of proved gas and oil properties for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
   
   During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $1.9 million and $2.1 million, respectively, of non-cash property, plant and equipment additions, which were included within the changes in accounts  
 11 
 
  payable and accrued liabilities on our condensed consolidated statements of cash flow  s.     During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we assigned a portion   of our non-operating Eagle Ford assets to ARP in exchange for ARP funding our remaining $36.3 million of deferred Eagle Ford Acquisition purchase price, which represented a   non-cash transaction within     our condensed   consolidated statement of cash flow  s  .  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $4,000 and $3,000, respectively, of accretion expense related to our asset retirement obligations within in depreciation, depletion and amortization in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $11,000 and $10,000, respectively, of accretion expense related to our asset retirement obligations within depreciation, depletion and amortization in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

NOTE 4   DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
 We use swaps in connection with our commodity price risk management activities. We do not apply hedge accounting to any of our derivative instruments. As a result, gains and losses associated with derivative instruments are recognized as gains on mark-to-market derivatives on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 We enter into commodity future option contracts to achieve more predictable cash flows by hedging our exposure to changes in commodity prices. At any point in time, such contracts may include regulated New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) futures and options contracts and non-regulated over-the-counter futures contracts with qualified counterparties. NYMEX contracts are generally settled with offsetting positions, but may be settled by the physical delivery of the commodity. Crude oil contracts are based on a West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) index. Natural gas liquids fixed price swaps are priced based on a WTI crude oil index, while other natural gas liquids contracts are based on an OPIS Mt. Belvieu index. 
 We recorded net derivative liabilities of $0.2 million and net derivative assets of $0.4 million on our condensed consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the commodity derivative activity for the period indicated (in thousands): 

The following table summarizes the gross fair values of our derivative instruments, presenting the impact of offsetting the derivative assets and liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of the date indicated (in thousands): 

12 
 
    As of   September   30, 2016, we had the following commodity derivatives:  
 Crude Oil   Fixed Price Swaps 

(1)   
 
 Volumes for crude oil are stated in barrels.    

(2)   
 
 Fair value of crude oil fixed price swaps are based on forward WTI crude oil prices, as applicable.    

On May 1, 2015, we entered into a secured credit facility agreement with a syndicate of banks. As of September 30, 2016, the lenders under the credit facility have no commitment to lend to us under the credit facility and we have a zero dollar borrowing base, but we and our subsidiaries have the ability to enter into derivative contracts to manage our exposure to commodity price movements which will benefit from the collateral securing the credit facility. Obligations under the credit facility are secured by mortgages on our oil and gas properties and first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets. The credit facility may be amended in the future if we and the lenders agree to increase the borrowing base and the lenders  commitments thereunder. The secured credit facility agreement contains covenants that limit our and our subsidiaries  ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make loans or investments, make distributions, merge into or consolidate with other persons, enter into commodity or interest rate swap agreements that do not conform to specified terms or that exceed specified amounts, or engage in certain asset dispositions, including a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. We were in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2016. In addition, our credit facility includes customary events of default, including failure to timely pay, breach of covenants, bankruptcy, cross-default with other material indebtedness (including obligations under swap agreements in excess of any agreed upon threshold amount), and change of control provisions. 

NOTE 5   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 We use a market approach fair value methodology to value our outstanding derivative contracts. The fair value of a financial instrument depends on a number of factors, including the availability of observable market data over the contractual term of the underlying instrument. We separate the fair value of our financial instruments into the three level hierarchy (Levels 1, 2 and 3) based on our assessment of the availability of observable market data and the significance of non-observable data used to determine fair value. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of our derivative financial instruments were classified as Level 2. 
 13 
 
    Information f  or financial instruments measured at fair value at   September   30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows (in thousands):  

Other Financial Instruments 
 Our other current assets and liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets are considered to be financial instruments. The estimated fair values of these instruments approximate their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature and thus are categorized as Level 1. 
 The fair value of the warrants associated with the issuance of common limited partner units in 2015 (see Note 8) was measured using a Black-Scholes pricing model which was based on Level 3 inputs including an exercise price of $10.00, discount rate of 0.5%, an expected term of 1.5 years, expected dividend yield of 7.0% and estimated volatility rate of 50%. The volatility rate used was consistent with that of ARP at the time the warrants were issued. The estimated fair value per warrant was $1.47, which includes a $0.37 liquidity adjustment. There were no warrants issued for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

NOTE 6   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 Relationship with ATLS . We do not directly employ any persons to manage or operate our business. These functions are provided by employees of ATLS and/or its affiliates, including Titan. AGP GP receives an annual management fee in connection with its management of us equivalent to 1% of capital contributions per annum. During both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid $0.6 million, related to this management fee. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid $1.7 million and $1.2 million, respectively, related to this management fee. We were required to pay AGP GP an amount equal to any actual, out-of-pocket expenses related to the Private Placement Offering and the formation and financing of us, including legal costs incurred by AGP GP, which payments were approximately 2% of the gross proceeds of the Private Placement Offering. Other indirect costs, such as rent for offices, are allocated by Titan at the direction of ATLS based on the number of its employees who devoted their time to activities on our behalf. We reimburse ATLS at cost for direct costs incurred on our behalf. We reimburse all necessary and reasonable costs allocated to us by ATLS. All of the costs paid or payable to ATLS and AGP GP discussed above were included in general and administrative expenses   affiliate in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had payables to ATLS of $0.5 million and $0.7 million, respectively, related to the management fee, direct costs and allocated indirect costs, which was recorded in advances from affiliates in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
   Relationship with Titan/ARP . At the direction of ATLS, we reimburse Titan/ARP for direct costs, such as salaries and wages, charged to us based on ATLS employees who incurred time to activities on our behalf and indirect costs, such as rent and other general and administrative costs, allocated to us based on the number of ATLS employees who devoted their time to activities on our behalf. In addition, Anthem Securities, Inc. ( Anthem ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Titan (previously of ARP), acted as dealer manager for our Private Placement Offering, which was completed in June 2015. As the dealer manager, Anthem received compensation from us equal to a maximum of 12% of the gross proceeds of the Private Placement   
 14 
 
  Offering as selling commissions, marketing efforts, and other issuance cos  ts. We recorded $0.  4   million and $12.  7   million of costs to Anthem within common limited partners  interests on our condensed consolidated statements of partners  capital for the three and   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015, respectively. Anthem is currently acting as the dealer manager for our issuance and sale in a continuous offering of up to a maximum agreement amount of 100,000,000 common units representing limited partner interests in us as further described i  n our registration statement on Form S-1. We will pay Anthem (1) compensation equal to 3.00% of the gross proceeds of the offering (Anthem may reallow up to 1.50% of gross offering proceeds it receives as dealer manager fees to participating broker-dealers  , but expects to reallow 1.25% of gross offering proceeds to participating broker-dealers); (2) 7.00% and 3.00% of aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of Class A common units and Class T common units, respectively, as sales commissions; (3) with respect   to Class T common units, a distribution and unitholder servicing fee in the aggregate amount of 4.00% of the gross proceeds from the sale of Class T common units, which distribution and unitholder servicing fee will be withheld from cash distributions oth  erwise payable to the purchasers of Class T common units at a rate of $0.025 per quarter per unit. As of   September   30, 2016  , we had a $  0.1   million payable   to Titan and as of December 31, 2015, we had a   $8.7 millio  n receivable   from ARP related to the direct   costs, indirect cost allocation, dealer manager costs and timing of funding of cash accounts, which was recorded in advances to/from affiliates in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.     As   disclosed   in Note 2, our management recently   decided   to   tempor  arily   suspend our primary offering efforts.  

NOTE 7   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 General Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2016, certain of our executives are parties to employment agreements with ATLS or Titan that provide compensation and certain other benefits. The agreements provide for severance payments under certain circumstances. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any commitments related to our drilling and completion and capital expenditures. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We and our subsidiaries are parties to various routine legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of business. Our management and our subsidiaries believe that none of these actions, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

NOTE 8   ISSUANCES OF UNITS 
 Under the terms of our initial offering, we offered in a private placement $500.0 million of our common limited partner units. The termination date of the Private Placement Offering was December 31, 2014, subject to two 90 day extensions to the extent that we had not sold $500.0 million of common units at any extension date. We exercised each of such extensions. Under the terms of the offering, an investor received, for no additional consideration, warrants to purchase additional common units in an amount equal to 10% of the common units purchased by such investor. The warrants are exercisable at a price of $10.00 per common unit being purchased and may be exercised from and after the warrant date (generally, the date upon which we give the holder notice of a liquidity event) until the expiration date (generally, the date that is one day prior to the liquidity event or, if the liquidity event is a listing on a national securities exchange, 30 days after the liquidity event occurs). Under the warrant, a liquidity event is defined as either (i) a listing of the common units on a national securities exchange, (ii) a business combination with or into an existing publicly-traded entity, or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 Through the completion of our Private Placement Offering on June 30, 2015, we issued $233.0 million, or 23,300,410 of our common limited partner units, in exchange for proceeds to us, net of dealer manager fees and commissions and expenses, of $203.4 million. ATLS purchased 500,010 common units for $5.0 million during the offering. In connection with the issuance of common limited partner units, unitholders received 2,330,041 warrants to purchase our common units at an exercise price of $10.00 per unit. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we sold an aggregate of 12,623,500 of our common limited partner units at a gross offering price of $10.00 per unit. In connection with the issuance of common limited partner units, unitholders received 1,262,350 warrants to purchase our common limited partner units at an exercise price of $10.00 per unit. 
   As a result of management s decision to temporarily suspend our current primary offering efforts (see Note 2), we reclassified $5.3 million of offering costs to other loss on our condensed consolidated statement of operations.  These  
 15 
 
  offering costs were previously capital  ized within our condensed consolidated statement of partners  capital as an offset to any proceeds raised in our current primary offering   and includes $1.5 million that were previously capitalized in our condensed consolidated statements of partners  capit  al as of December 31, 2015  .   

NOTE 9   CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 
 We have a cash distribution policy under which we distribute to holders of common units and Class A units on a quarterly basis a target distribution of $0.175 per unit, or $0.70 per unit per year, to the extent we have sufficient available cash after establishing appropriate reserves and paying fees and expenses, including reimbursements of expenses to the general partner and its affiliates. Distributions are generally paid within 45 days of the end of the quarter to unitholders of record on the applicable record date. Unitholders are entitled to receive distributions from us beginning with the quarter following the quarter in which we first admit them as limited partners. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid distributions of $12.2 million to common limited partners ($0.1750 per unit per quarter) and $0.3 million to the general partner s Class A units ($0.1750 per unit per quarter). During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we paid distributions of $6.5 million to common limited partners ($0.1750 per unit per quarter) and $0.1 million to the general partner s Class A units ($0.1750 per unit per quarter). 
   
 NOTE 10   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 Primary Offering Suspension . As disclosed in Note 2, on November 2, 2016, management decided to temporarily suspend our current primary offering efforts in light of new regulations and the challenging fund raising environment until such time as market participants have had an opportunity to ascertain the impact of such issues.  
 Cash Distributions Suspension . As disclosed in Note 2, on November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors determined to suspend our quarterly common unit distributions, beginning with the three months ended September 30, 2016, in order retain our cash flow and reinvest in our business and assets due to the suspension of our current primary offering.   

16 

ITEM 2:   
 
          MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     

 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 We are a Delaware limited partnership and an independent developer and producer of natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids ( NGL ) with operations primarily focused in the Eagle Ford Shale in south Texas. Our general partner, Atlas Growth Partners GP, LLC ( AGP GP ) owns 100% of our general partner units (which are entitled to receive 2% of the cash distributed by us without any obligation to make further capital contributions) and all of the incentive distribution rights through which it manages and effectively controls us. 
 Atlas Energy Group, LLC ( ATLS  or  Atlas Energy ), a publicly traded Delaware limited liability company (OTC: ATLS) manages and controls us through its 2.1% limited partner interest in us and 80% member interest in AGP GP. Current and former members of ATLS management own the remaining 20% member interest in AGP GP. 
 In addition to its general and limited partner interest in us, ATLS also holds a Series A Preferred Share (which entitles it to receive 2% of distributions, subject to potential dilution in the event of future equity interests and to appoint four of seven directors) in Titan Energy, LLC ( Titan ), an independent developer and producer of natural gas, crude oil and NGLs, with operations in basins across the United States, and a general and limited partner interest in Lightfoot Capital Partners, L.P. and Lightfoot Capital Partners GP, LLC, which incubate new MLPs and invest in existing MLPs. 
 FINANCIAL PRESENTATION 
 Our consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include our accounts and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of operations. Actual balances and results could be different from those estimates. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in the consolidation of the financial statements. 
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 ARP Restructuring and Emergence from Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Proceedings.  Atlas Resource Partners, L.P. ( ARP ), was a publicly traded Delaware master-limited partnership in which ATLS held general and limited partner interests. On July 25, 2016, ARP and certain of its subsidiaries and ATLS, solely with respect to certain sections thereof, entered into a restructuring support agreement with ARP s lenders (the  Restructuring Support Agreement ) for a prepackaged restructuring that reduced debt on its balance sheet (the  ARP Restructuring ). On July 27, 2016, ARP and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ( Chapter 11 ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. The cases commenced thereby were jointly administered under the caption  In re: ATLAS RESOURCE PARTNERS, L.P., et al.   We and ARP were affiliates through the ownership by our common parent, ATLS. ARP emerged from bankruptcy on September 1, 2016, as Titan.   
 We were not a party to the Restructuring Support Agreement, and the ARP Restructuring did not materially impact us.  
 The ARP Restructuring did not materially impact ATLS or its ownership interest in us, including ATLS  control of our general partner, AGP GP. The debt structure of ATLS was recently modified, and ATLS was not a party to the ARP Restructuring. ATLS remains controlled by the same ownership group and management team and thus, the ARP Restructuring did not have a material impact on the ability of management to operate us or the other ATLS managed businesses.  
   
 Effective Registration Statement . Our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration Number: 333-207537) (our  Form S-1 ) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on April 5, 2016. We are offering in the aggregate up to 100,000,000 Class A common units and Class T common units, each representing limited partner interests in us, pursuant to a primary offering on a "best efforts" basis. We must receive minimum offering proceeds of $1.0 million to break escrow, and the maximum offering proceeds of the primary offering may not exceed $1.0 billion. The Class A common units will be sold for a cash purchase price of $10.00 and the Class T common units will be sold for a cash purchase price of $9.60, with the remaining $0.40 constituting the Class T common unitholders' deferred payment obligation to us. We are also offering up to 21,505,376 Class A common units at $9.30 per unit pursuant to a distribution reinvestment plan. Our management recently decided to temporarily suspend our primary offering efforts.  
 17 
 
    Primary   Offering Suspension  .   O  n November 2, 2016,   management decided to temporarily   suspend our current primary offering efforts   in light of new regulations and the challenging fund raising environment   until such time as market participants have had an opportunit  y to ascertain the impact of such issues  .  
 Cash Distributions Suspension . On November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors determined to suspend our quarterly common unit distributions, beginning with the three months ended September 30, 2016, in order retain our cash flow and reinvest in our business and assets due to the suspension of our current primary offering.   
 GENERAL TRENDS AND OUTLOOK 
 We expect our business to be affected by key trends in natural gas and oil production markets. Our expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. To the extent our underlying assumptions about or interpretations of available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results. 
 The natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids commodity price markets have suffered significant declines since the fourth quarter of 2014 through the third quarter of 2016. The causes of these declines are based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, a significant increase in natural gas, oil and NGL production. While we anticipate continued high levels of exploration and production activities over the long-term in the areas in which we operate, fluctuations in energy prices can greatly affect production rates and investments in the development of new natural gas, oil and NGL reserves. 
 Our future gas and oil reserves, production, cash flow, our ability to make payments on our obligations and our ability to make distributions to our unitholders, including ATLS, depend on our success in producing our current reserves efficiently, developing our existing acreage and acquiring additional proved reserves economically. We face the challenge of natural production declines and volatile natural gas, oil and NGL prices. As initial reservoir pressures are depleted, natural gas and oil production from particular wells decrease. We attempt to overcome this natural decline by drilling to find additional reserves and acquiring more reserves than we produce. To the extent we would not have access to sufficient capital, our ability to drill and acquire more reserves would be negatively impacted. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Gas and Oil Production 
 Production Profile.  Currently, our gas and oil production revenues and expenses consist of our gas and oil production activities derived from our wells drilled in the Eagle Ford, Marble Falls and Mississippi Lime plays. We have established production positions in the following operating areas:  

the Eagle Ford Shale in southern Texas, an oil-rich area, in which we acquired acreage in November 2014;     

the Marble Falls play in the Fort Worth Basin in northern Texas, in which we own acreage and producing wells, contains liquids rich natural gas and oil, and;     

the Mississippi Lime play in northwestern Oklahoma, an oil and NGL-rich area.     

 18 
 
    There were no gross or net dry wells drilled during the periods presented below. The following table presents the number of wells we drilled and the number of wells we turned in line, both gross and net duri  ng the periods indicated:  

(2)    
 
 Wells turned in line refers to wells that have been drilled, completed and connected to a gathering system.    

 19 
 
    Production Volumes. The following table presents total net natural gas, crude oil and NGL production volumes and production volumes per day for the three and   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015:  

(1)    
 
 Oil and NGLs are converted to gas equivalent basis at the rate of one barrel of oil or NGLs to six Mcf of natural gas. This ratio is an estimate of the equivalent energy content of the products and does not necessarily reflect their relative economic value.    

 20 
 
    Production Revenues, Prices and Costs.   Production revenues and estimated gas and oil reserves are substantially dependent on prevailing market prices for oil. The   following table presents our production revenues and average sales prices for our natural gas, oil, and natural gas liquids production for the three and   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015 along with our average production costs, which include le  ase operating expenses, taxes, and transportation and compression costs, in each of the reported periods:  

(1)    
 
 Production revenues exclude the impact of our commodity derivative cash settlements because we do not apply hedge accounting (see  Item 1. Financial Statements   Note 4 ).     

(2)    
 
  Mcf  represents thousand cubic feet;  Mcfe  represents thousand cubic feet equivalents; and  Bbl  represents barrels.    

21 

The decrease in gas and oil production revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period consisted of a $1.1 million decrease attributable to production from our Eagle Ford operations and a $0.1 million decrease attributable to our Marble Falls operations.  
   
 The increase in gas and oil production revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period consisted of a $2.2 million increase attributable to production from our Eagle Ford operations, partially offset by a $0.8 million decrease attributable to our Marble Falls operations and a $0.1 million decrease attributable to our Mississippi Lime operations. 
 The decrease in gas and oil production expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period primarily consisted of a decrease of $0.2 million attributable to our Marble Falls operations.  
 The increase in gas and oil production expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period primarily consisted of a $0.9 million increase attributable to our Eagle Ford operations, partially offset by a decrease of $0.5 million attributable to our Marble Falls operations.  
 OTHER REVENUES AND EXPENSES 

Gain (Loss) on Mark-to-Market Derivatives.  We recognize changes in fair value of derivatives immediately within gain (loss) on mark-to-market derivatives on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. The recognized losses and gains during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, are related to the changes in oil prices during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year periods.  
   
 Other loss.  The increases in other loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year periods were due to a $5.3 million write-off of issuer costs in light of new regulations and the challenging fund raising environment until such time as market participants have had an opportunity to ascertain the impact of such issues.  
   
 General and Administrative Expenses.  The decrease in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period was due to a $2.0 million decrease in salaries, wages and other corporate activity costs allocated to us by ATLS and ARP in connection with the completion of our private placement offering in June 2015.  
 22 
 
    Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization.   The increase  s     in depreciation, depletion and am  ortization for the three and nine   months ended   September   30, 2016  , respectively,   w  ere   primarily due to   a $1.1 million increase and   a $  6.3   million increase in our depletion expense as compared to the pr  ior year period  s  , respectively.   The following table presents our depletion expense per Mcfe for our operations for the respective periods (i  n thousands, except per Mcfe data):  

The increases in depletion expense, depletion expenses as a percentage of gas and oil revenues and depletion expenses per Mcfe, were primarily due to an increase in our depletion expense associated with the expansion of our Eagle Ford operations, partially offset by a decrease in oil volumes from our Marble Falls operations. 
   
 Asset Impairment . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized $7.3 million of asset impairment related to our proved oil and gas properties in the Marble Falls and Mississippi Lime operating areas, which were impaired due to lower forecasted commodity prices. There were no impairments of proved gas and oil properties recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 General 
 We have historically funded our operations, acquisitions and cash distributions primarily through cash generated from operations and financing activities, including our private placement offering completed in June 2015. Our future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including oil and natural gas prices. Prices for oil and natural gas began to decline significantly during the fourth quarter of 2014.  Although oil and natural gas prices increased slowly over the three months ended September 30, 2016, these lower commodity prices have negatively impacted our revenues, earnings and cash flows. Sustained low commodity prices will have a material and adverse effect on our liquidity position. 
 On November 2, 2016, management decided to temporarily suspend our current primary offering efforts in light of new regulations and the challenging fund raising environment until such time as market participants have had an opportunity to ascertain the impact of such issues. In addition, our Board of Directors determined to suspend our quarterly common unit distributions, beginning with the three months ended September 30, 2016, in order retain our cash flow and reinvest in our business and assets due to the suspension of our current primary offering.  Accordingly, these decisions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  Management determined that substantial doubt is alleviated through management s plans to reduce general and administrative expenses, the majority of which represent allocations from ATLS. 
 Cash Flows  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

The change in cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities when compared with the comparable prior year period was primarily due to: 

an increase in our advances from affiliates of $29.3 million related to the direct costs, indirect cost allocation, dealer manager costs for operating activities and timing of funding of cash accounts; and     

an increase in our gas and oil production revenues of $1.3 million primarily related to the expansion of our Eagle Ford operations.     

 23 
 
    The change in cash flows used in investing activities when compared with the comparable prior year period was primarily due to:  

a decrease of $44.7 million in net cash paid for acquisitions related to the funding of our Eagle Ford asset acquisition in 2015; and     

a decrease of $14.2 million in capital expenditures due to lower capital expenditures related to our drilling activities.     

 The change in cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities when compared with the comparable prior year period was primarily due to: 

a decrease of $104.7 million in net proceeds from issuance of common limited partner units due to our Private Placement Offering funds raised in the first half of 2015; and     

an increase of $5.9 million in distributions paid to unitholders due to an increase in the number of common units outstanding after the completion of our Private Placement Offering.     

 Capital Requirements 
 At September 30, 2016, our capital expenditures primarily relate to our well drilling and leasehold acquisition costs. The following table summarizes our total capital expenditures, excluding amounts paid for acquisitions, for the periods presented (in thousands): 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, our total capital expenditures consisted primarily of $0.2 million for wells drilled compared with $9.8 million for the comparable prior year period, $3,000 of leasehold acquisition costs compared with a reduction of $2.1 million for the prior year comparable period and $0.1 million of gas and gathering costs compared with no costs for the prior year comparable period. 
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our total capital expenditures consisted primarily of $6.2 million for wells drilled compared with $22.1 million for the comparable prior year period, $0.1 million of leasehold acquisition costs compared with a reduction of $1.3 million for the prior year comparable period and $0.3 million of gas and gathering costs compared with no costs for the prior year comparable period. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any commitments for our drilling and completion and capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions. 
 OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet commitment arrangements for our drilling and completion and capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions  
 CREDIT FACILITY 
   On May 1, 2015, we entered into a secured credit facility agreement with Wells Fargo. As of September 30, 2016, the lenders under the credit facility have no commitment to lend to us under the credit facility and we have a zero dollar borrowing base, but we and our subsidiaries have the ability to enter into derivative contracts to manage our exposure to commodity price movements that will benefit from the collateral securing the credit facility. Obligations under the credit facility are secured by mortgages on our oil and gas properties and first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets. The credit facility may be amended in the future if we and the lenders agree to increase the borrowing base and the lenders  commitments thereunder. The secured credit facility agreement contains covenants that limit our and our subsidiaries  ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make loans or investments, make distributions, merge into or consolidate with other persons, enter into commodity or interest rate swap agreements that do not conform to specified terms or that exceed specified amounts, or engage in certain asset dispositions, including a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. We were in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2016. In addition, our credit facility includes customary events of default, including failure to timely pay, breach of covenants, bankruptcy, cross-default with other  
 24 
 
  material indebtedness (including obligations under swap agreements in excess of any agreed upon threshold amount), and change of control provisions  .  
 ISSUANCE OF UNITS 
 On April 5, 2016, our Form S-1 was declared effective by the SEC. 
 Under the terms of our initial offering, we offered in a private placement $500.0 million of our common limited partner units. The termination date of the private placement offering was December 31, 2014, subject to two 90 day extensions to the extent that we had not sold $500.0 million of common units at any extension date. We exercised each of such extensions. Under the terms of the offering, an investor received, for no additional consideration, warrants to purchase additional common units in an amount equal to 10% of the common units purchased by such investor. The warrants are exercisable at a price of $10.00 per common unit being purchased and may be exercised from and after the warrant date (generally, the date upon which we give the holder notice of a liquidity event) until the expiration date (generally, the date that is one day prior to the liquidity event or, if the liquidity event is a listing on a national securities exchange, 30 days after the liquidity event occurs). Under the warrant, a liquidity event is defined as either (i) a listing of the common units on a national securities exchange, (ii) a business combination with or into an existing publicly-traded entity, or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 Through the completion of our Private Placement Offering on June 30, 2015, we issued $233.0 million, or 23,300,410 of our common limited partner units, in exchange for proceeds to us, net of dealer manager fees and commissions and expenses, of $203.4 million. ATLS purchased 500,010 common units for $5.0 million during the offering. In connection with the issuance of common limited partner units, unitholders received 2,330,041 warrants to purchase our common units at an exercise price of $10.00 per unit. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we sold an aggregate of 12,623,500 of our common limited partner units at a gross offering price of $10.00 per unit. In connection with the issuance of common limited partner units, unitholders received 1,262,350 warrants to purchase our common limited partner units at an exercise price of $10.00 per unit. 
 On November 2, 2016, management decided to temporarily suspend our current primary offering efforts in light of new regulations and the challenging fund raising environment until such time as market participants have had an opportunity to ascertain the impact of such issues. 
 As a result of management s decision to temporarily suspend our current primary offering efforts (see Note 2), we reclassified $5.3 million of offering costs to other loss on our condensed consolidated statement of operations.  These offering costs were previously capitalized within our condensed consolidated statement of partners  capital as an offset to any proceeds raised in our current primary offering and includes $1.5 million that were previously capitalized in our condensed consolidated statements of partners  capital as of December 31, 2015.  
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 For a more complete discussion of the accounting policies and estimates that we have identified as critical in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, please refer to our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Form S-1. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information related to recently issued accounting standards. 

ITEM 3:    
 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

 The primary objective of the following information is to provide forward-looking quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term  market risk  refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates and commodity prices. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses, but rather indicators of reasonable possible losses. This forward-looking information provides indicators of how we view and manage our ongoing market risk exposures. All of the market risk-sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than trading. 
 25 
 
    General  
 All of our assets and liabilities are denominated in U.S. dollars, and as a result, we do not have exposure to currency exchange risks. 
 We are exposed to various market risks, principally changes in commodity prices. These risks can impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. We manage these risks through regular operating and financing activities and periodic use of derivative financial instruments such as forward contracts and swap agreements. The following analysis presents the effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position as if the hypothetical changes in market risk factors occurred on September 30, 2016. Only the potential impact of hypothetical assumptions was analyzed. The analysis does not consider other possible effects that could impact our business. 
 Current market conditions elevate our concern over counterparty risks and may adversely affect the ability of these counterparties to fulfill their obligations to us, if any. The counterparties related to our commodity derivative contracts are banking institutions or their affiliates, who also participate in ARP s revolving credit facilities. The creditworthiness of our counterparties is monitored, and we currently believe them to be financially viable. We are not aware of any inability on the part of our counterparties to perform under their contracts and believe our exposure to non-performance is remote. 
 Commodity Price Risk.  Our market risk exposures to commodities are due to the fluctuations in the commodity prices and the impact those price movements have on our financial results. To limit the exposure to changing commodity prices, we use financial derivative instruments, including financial swap and option instruments, to hedge portions of future production. The swap instruments are contractual agreements between counterparties to exchange obligations of money as the underlying commodities are sold. Under these swap agreements, we receive or pay a fixed price and receive or remit a floating price based on certain indices for the relevant contract period. Option instruments are contractual agreements that grant the right, but not the obligation, to purchase or sell commodities at a fixed price for the relevant period.  
 Holding all other variables constant, including the effect of commodity derivatives, a 10% change in average commodity prices would result in a change to our net loss for the twelve-month period ending September 30, 2017 of $0.7 million. 
 Realized pricing of natural gas, oil, and natural gas liquids production is primarily driven by the prevailing worldwide prices for crude oil and spot market prices applicable to United States natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids production. Pricing for natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids production has been volatile and unpredictable for many years. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had the following commodity derivatives: 
 Crude Oil   Fixed Price Swaps 

(1)  Bbl  represents barrels.  
 (2)  The production volumes for 2016 include the remaining three months of 2016 beginning October 1, 2016. 

ITEM 4:   
 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
   We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934 reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the  
 26 
 
  desired control objectives, and our management nec  essarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
 Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and with the participation of our disclosure committee appointed by such officers, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 PART II 

ITEM 1A:   
 
 RISK FACTORS     

 There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors disclosed in our registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration Number: 333-207537) except as set forth in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016 and as follows: 
 Due to our substantial liquidity concerns, we may be unable to continue as a going concern.  
 Continued declines in commodity prices coupled with the suspension of our primary offering activities raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. While our management has taken what it believes to be appropriate actions to mitigate the concern, including reducing our general and administrative expenses and suspending our quarterly distributions, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient. 

ITEM 6:   
 
     EXHIBITS    

(1) Previously filed as an exhibit to registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207537) filed on October 21, 2015. 
   
 (2) Previously filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2016. 
   
 27 
 
    (3) Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language). The financial information contained in the XBRL-related document  s is  unaudited  or  unreviewed.   
   
     SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ATLAS GROWTH PARTNERS, L.P.  

By: Atlas Growth Partners GP, LLC, its General Partner  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ EDWARD E. COHEN  

Edward E. Cohen 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ JEFFREY M. SLOTTERBACK  

Jeffrey M. Slotterback 
 Chief Financial Officer   

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ MATTHEW J. FINKBEINER  

Matthew J. Finkbeiner 
 Chief Accounting Officer   

28  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 agp-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

agp-ex311_6.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Edward E. Cohen, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Atlas Growth Partners, L.P.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(c)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ EDWARD E. COHEN  

Edward E. Cohen  

Chief Executive Officer  

November 7, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 agp-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

agp-ex312_7.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jeffrey M. Slotterback, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Atlas Growth Partners, L.P.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(c)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ JEFFREY M. SLOTTERBACK  

Jeffrey M. Slotterback  

Chief Financial Officer  

November 7, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 agp-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

agp-ex321_9.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Atlas Growth Partners, L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Edward E. Cohen, Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.    

/s/ EDWARD E. COHEN  

Edward E. Cohen  

Chief Executive Officer  

November 7, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 agp-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

agp-ex322_8.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Atlas Growth Partners, L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jeffrey M. Slotterback, Chief Financial Officer of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.    

/s/ JEFFREY M. SLOTTERBACK  

Jeffrey M. Slotterback  

Chief Financial Officer  

November 7, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 agp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 agp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 agp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 agp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 agp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 agp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

