<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_887247_0001387131-16-007979_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4360872</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125990</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>260907</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1015713</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1804969</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1087530</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-007979.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173604
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-007979
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000887247
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				820429727
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36242
		FILM NUMBER:		161996321

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11455 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 997-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11455 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CELLEGY PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950615

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-007979.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 admp-10q_093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, DC 20549   

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
   OR   
 
   For the transition period from                        to                          
   Commission File Number: 001-36242   
 
   ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION   
   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware   
     
   82-0429727   

(State or other jurisdiction   
   of incorporation or organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer   
   Identification Number)   

11682 El Camino Real, Suite 300, San Diego, CA 92130   
   (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)   
   (858) 997-2400   
   (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes        No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes        No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  larger accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer     

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes       No      
  The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as of November 14, 2016, was 21,584,833.  

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
   CONTENTS OF QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   

Page   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
   Financial Statements:   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
     
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   
     
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
     
  5-6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
     
 7 

Item 2.   
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     
  20  

Item 3.   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure of Market Risk   
     
  26  

Item 4.   
   Controls and Procedures   
     
  26  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
   Legal Proceedings   
     
  27  

Item 1A.   
   Risk Factors   
     
  27  

Item 2.   
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     
  27  

Item 3.   
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     
  27  

Item 4.   
   Mine Safety Disclosures   
     
  27  

Item 5.   
   Other Information   
     
  27  

Item 6.   
   Exhibits   
     
  28  

Signatures    
     
  29  

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

The
accompanying notes are in an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements     

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   Note 1: Basis of Presentation  
 The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Articles 8 and 10 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements have been condensed or omitted. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (including normal recurring adjustments and the elimination of intercompany accounts) considered necessary for a fair statement of all periods presented. The results of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation s operations for any interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for any other interim period or for a full fiscal year. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 On April 11, 2016, Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (the  Company  or  Adamis ) completed its acquisition of U.S. Compounding, Inc., an Arkansas corporation ( USC ), pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 28, 2016 (the  Merger Agreement ) and entered into by and among the Company, USC and Ursula MergerSub Corp., an Arkansas corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( MergerSub ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, MergerSub merged with and into USC (the  Merger ), with USC surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
  Segment Information  
 The Company is engaged primarily in the discovery, development and sales of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other drug products. Accordingly, the Company has determined that it operates in one operating segment. 
  Overview of U.S. Compounding, Inc.  
 USC, which is registered as a drug compounding outsourcing facility under Section 503B of the U.S. Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act and the U.S. Drug Quality and Security Act, provides prescription compounded medications, including compounded sterile preparations and non-sterile compounds to patients, physician clinics, hospitals, surgery centers and other clients in many states throughout the United States. USC s product offerings broadly include, among others, corticosteroids, hormone replacement therapies, hospital outsourcing products, injectables, urological preparations, ophthalmic preparations, topical compounds for pain and men s and women s health products. USC s compounded formulations in many circumstances are offered as therapeutic alternatives to drugs approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA. USC also provides certain veterinary pharmaceutical products for animals. 
  Revenue Recognition  
 The Company recognizes revenues when all of the following criteria have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues from our USC subsidiary consist of sales of compounded drugs for humans and animals, including sterile injectable and non-sterile integrative therapies. Sales discounts and rebates are sometimes offered to customers if specified criteria are met. Additionally, sales are generally made with a limited right of return under certain conditions. Revenues are recorded net of provisions for sales discounts and returns, which are established at the time of sale.   
  Cost of Sales  
 Our cost of sales includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, royalties, shipping and handling costs, the write-off of obsolete inventory and other related expenses. 
   A   ccounts Receivable  
 Accounts receivable are reported at the amount management expects to collect on outstanding balances. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and credit to allowance for doubtful accounts. Uncollectible amounts are based on USC's history of past write-offs and collections and current credit conditions. Provision for bad debt totaled $40,711 as of September 30, 2016. 
  Inventories  
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. The costs of inventories are determined using the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method. Inventories consist of compounding formulation raw materials, currently marketed products, and device supplies. A reserve for obsolescence is recorded monthly based on a percentage of raw materials and finished goods inventory and was $109,206 as of September 30, 2016. 

Acquisitions and Intangibles  
 The Company has engaged in business combination activity. The accounting for business combinations requires management to make judgments and estimates of the fair value of assets acquired, including the identification and valuation of intangible assets, as well as liabilities assumed. Such judgments and estimates directly impact the amount of goodwill recognized in connection with each acquisition, as goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of its net tangible and identifiable intangible assets. 
  Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets  
 Goodwill, which has an indefinite useful life, represents the excess of purchase consideration over fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events occur indicating the potential for impairment. During its goodwill impairment review, the Company may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The qualitative factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, and the overall financial performance of the Company. If, after assessing the totality of these qualitative factors, the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then no additional assessment is deemed necessary. Otherwise, the Company proceeds to perform the two-step test for goodwill impairment. The first step involves comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to determine the amount of loss, which involves comparing the implied fair value of the goodwill to the carrying value of the goodwill. The Company may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment in a period and elect to proceed to perform the first step of the goodwill impairment test. 
 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets with definite lives, such as property and equipment, acquired technology, customer relationships, patent and license rights, for impairment by considering competition by products prescribed for the same indication, the likelihood and estimated future entry of non-generic and generic competition with the same or similar indication and other related factors. The factors that drive the estimate of the life are often uncertain and are reviewed on a periodic basis or when events occur that warrant review. Recoverability is measured by comparison of the assets' book value to future net undiscounted cash flows that the assets are expected to generate. 
  Claims Liabilities  
 USC is self-insured up to certain limits for health insurance. Provisions are made for both the estimated liabilities for known claims as incurred and estimates for those incurred but not reported. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was self-insured for up to the first $40,000 of claims per covered person with an aggregate deductible of $766,497. The Claims Payable at September 30, 2016 was $225,540 consisting of the estimated IBNR (Incurred But Not Reported) provided by the plan administrator of $161,790 and claims reported but not yet paid of $63,750.  
  Deferred Income Taxes  
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the tax basis of such assets and liabilities. The Company maintains a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty regarding the future realization of such assets, which is based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. Until such time as the Company can demonstrate that it will no longer incur losses, or if the Company is unable to generate sufficient future taxable income, it could be required to maintain the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. 
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 Our cash was $8,810,522,including the $1.0 million in restricted cash held by the bank as loan collateral, and $4,080,648 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 We prepared the condensed consolidated financial statements assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities during the normal course of business. In preparing these condensed consolidated financial statements, consideration was given to the Company s future business as described below, which may preclude the Company from realizing the value of certain assets. 
 The Company has significant operating cash flow deficiencies. Additionally, the Company will need significant funding for future operations and the expenditures that will be required to conduct the clinical and regulatory work to develop the Company s product candidates, commercially launch any products that may be approved by applicable regulatory authorities, market and sell products and otherwise support the Company's intended business activities. Management s plans include attempting to secure additional required funding through equity or debt financings, sales or out-licensing of intellectual property assets, seeking partnerships with other pharmaceutical companies or third parties to co-develop and fund research and development efforts, or similar transactions, in order to satisfy existing obligations, liabilities and future working capital needs, to build working capital reserves, to fund the Company s research and development projects and to support the operations of USC. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining the necessary funding to meet its business objectives. 

Basic and Diluted (Loss) per Share  
 The Company computes basic loss per share by dividing the loss attributable to holders of common stock for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The diluted loss per share calculation is based on the treasury stock method and gives effect to dilutive options, warrants, convertible notes, convertible preferred stock and other potential dilutive common stock. Except as noted below, the effect of common stock equivalents was anti-dilutive and was excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding. Potential dilutive securities, which are not included in diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 consist of outstanding equity classified warrants (9,194,044 and 1,730,868, respectively), outstanding options (4,403,519 and 2,146,133, respectively), outstanding restricted stock units (350,000 and 5,590, respectively), and convertible preferred stock (1,724,137 and 1,009,021, respectively). 
  The calculation of diluted loss per share requires that, to the extent the average market price of the underlying shares for the reporting period exceeds the exercise price of liability classified equity securities and the presumed exercise of such securities are dilutive to loss per share for the period, an adjustment to net loss used in the calculation is required to remove the change in fair value of the warrants from the numerator for the period. Likewise, an adjustment to the denominator is required to reflect the related dilutive shares, if any, under the treasury stock method. Accordingly, the Company considered the impact of the warrants from the June 2013 private placement (see Note 7) on the calculation of the diluted earnings per share.  
  In July 2016, the Company issued 1,724,137 shares of Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase up to 1,724,137 shares of common stock or Series A-2 Preferred. The shares of Series A-2 Preferred and warrants were sold in units, with each unit consisting of one share and one warrant, at a purchase price of $2.90 per unit. Using the guidance provided by Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820, Fair Value Measurements, the Convertible Series A-2 Preferred and the Warrants were valued at $3.18 per share and $0.69 per unit, respectively, using the Binomial Option Pricing Model. After calculating the values of the Convertible Series A-2 and the warrants, the Beneficial Conversion Feature ( BCF ) at issuance was approximately $1,374,000. Accordingly, the Company considered the impact of the BCF from the July 2016 private placement (see Note 6) on the calculation of the earnings per share.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
  In  August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   ASU No. 2016-15 is intended to provide guidance regarding eight specific cash flow issues.  The amendments have been issued as an improvement to GAAP because they provide guidance for each of the eight issues, thereby reducing the current and potential future diversity in practice.  The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim fiscal periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.   We do not expect adoption of ASU No. 2016-15 to have a significant impact on our financial statements.  

Note 2: Acquisition of U.S. Compounding   
       
 On April 12, 2016, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K announcing the completion of its acquisition of USC pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 28, 2016 (the  Merger Agreement ), with USC and Merger-Sub. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into USC, with USC surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the Merger and the Merger Agreement, all of the outstanding shares of common stock of USC were converted into the right to receive a total of approximately 1,618,539 shares of Adamis common stock; and as described further below, in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Company assumed approximately $5,722,000 principal amount of debt obligations and related loan agreements of USC and certain related entities. 
 The merger is accounted for as an acquisition of USC under the purchase method of accounting in accordance with FASB Accounting Standard Codification Subtopic 805 Business Combinations. The assets and liabilities of USC will be reflected at fair value on the balance sheet of the Company. The fair value of the assets and liabilities reflected in the financial statements and notes appearing in this Report on Form 10-Q was based on the estimated value of USC as of April 11, 2016 (the date on which the Company acquired USC). A final determination of the purchase accounting adjustments, including the allocation of fair value to the USC assets and liabilities, has not been made. Actual adjustments and allocations will be based on the final purchase price and analyses of fair values of identifiable tangible and intangible assets, and estimates of the useful lives of tangible and intangible assets, which will be completed after the Company completes its valuation and assessment process, which the Company believes will be finalized not later than one year from the acquisition date. Accordingly, the purchase accounting adjustments made in connection with the development of the financial statements are preliminary. Differences between the preliminary and final purchase price allocations could have a material impact on the accompanying unaudited financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2016, and the Company's future results of operations and financial position. The Company's unaudited financial statements as of September 30, 2016 do not include any adjustments to income tax benefit/provision related to the Merger.      
 Total purchase price is summarized as follows:  

The purchase price has been preliminarily allocated based on the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Note 3:     Inventories   
       
  As of September 30, 2016, the inventories of  the Company, which consist of inventories of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary USC, consisted of the following:  

Note 4: Fixed Assets                          Fixed Assets at September 30, 2016 is summarized in the table below:                For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation expense was $167,719 and $319,772, respectively.            Note 5:     Intangible Assets and Goodwill            The Company s intangible assets at September 30, 2016, consisted of the following:                Amortization expense for intangible assets for the periods ended September 30, 2016, was as follows:               Estimated future amortization expense for the Company's intangible assets at September 30, 2016, is as follows:          

Goodwill recorded at the acquisition of USC was approximately $2,225,000. Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Goodwill is not amortized and is not deductible for income tax purposes. As indicated in Note 2 above, with respect to the Company s acquisition of USC in April 2016, a final allocation of fair value to the USC assets and liabilities, including intangible assets and goodwill, has not been made. As a result, the amount of intangible assets, amortization expense and goodwill are subject to change, and differences between the preliminary and final purchase price allocations could have a material impact on the determination of such amounts. 
  Note 6: Sale of Preferred Stock  
  August 2014 Series A Preferred Stock  
 In August 2014, the Company completed a private placement transaction with a small number of sophisticated investors pursuant to which the Company issued 1,418,439 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase up to 1,418,439 shares of common stock. The shares of Series A Preferred and warrants were sold in units, with each unit consisting of one share and one warrant, at a purchase price of $3.525 per unit. The Series A Preferred is convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion rate of 1-for-1 (subject to stock splits, reverse stock splits and similar events) at any time at the discretion of the investor. The exercise price of the warrants is $3.40 per share, and the warrants are exercisable for five years. If the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock equivalents pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the  Purchase Rights ), then a holder of Series A Preferred or warrants will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the holder could have acquired if the holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred or exercise of the warrants (without regard to any limitations on conversion). If the Company declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock, then a holder of Series A Preferred or warrants is entitled to participate in such distribution to the same extent as if the holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the Series A Preferred or exercise of the warrants (without regard to any limitations on conversion). In accordance with the transaction agreements, the Company filed a registration statement with the SEC, which has been declared effective, to register the resale from time to time of shares of common stock underlying the Series A Preferred and the warrants. 
 The warrants include call provisions giving the Company the option, subject to various conditions, to call the exercise of any or all of the 2014 warrants, by giving a call notice to the warrant holders. We may give a call notice only within (i) if a holder and its affiliates beneficially own 2% or less of our outstanding common stock, then 10 trading days after any 20-consecutive trading day period during which the daily volume weighted average price of the common stock (the  VWAP ) is not less than 250% of the exercise price for the 2014 warrants in effect for 10 out of such 20-consecutive trading day period, and (ii) if holder and its affiliates beneficially own more than 2% of the outstanding common stock, five trading days after any 30-consecutive trading day period during which the VWAP of the common stock is not less than 250% of the exercise price then in effect for 25 out of such 30-consecutive trading day period. The exercise price of the 2014 warrants is $3.40 per share, and accordingly 250% of such exercise price is $8.50 per share. During a  call period  of 30 trading days following the date on which the call notice is deemed given and effective (with the call period being extended for one trading day for each trading day during the call period during which the VWAP is less than 225% of the exercise price then in effect during the call period), a holder may exercise the 2014 warrant and purchase the called warrant shares. Subject to the foregoing and to the other provisions of the 2014 warrants, if the holder fails to timely exercise the called 2014 warrant, the Company may cancel the unexercised called warrant (or portion thereof that was called). 
 As of September 30, 2016, the investors have converted 1,418,439 shares of Series A Preferred into an equal number of shares of common stock, with no shares of Series A Preferred remaining outstanding. 
  January 2016 Series A-1 Preferred Stock  
 On January 26, 2016, the Company completed a private placement transaction with a small number of accredited investors pursuant to which the Company issued 1,183,432 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series A-1 Preferred ) and warrants to purchase up to 1,183,432 shares of common stock or Series A-1 Preferred. The shares of Series A-1 Preferred and warrants were sold in units, with each unit consisting of one share and one warrant, at a purchase price of $4.225 per unit. The Series A-1 Preferred is convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion rate of 1-for-1 (subject to stock splits, reverse stock splits and similar events) at any time at the discretion of the investor. The exercise price of the warrants is $4.10 per share, and the warrants are exercisable at any time over the five year term of the warrants. If the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock equivalents pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the  Purchase Rights ), then a holder of Series A-1 Preferred or warrants will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the holder could have acquired if the holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred or exercise of the warrants (without regard to any limitations on conversion). If the Company declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock, then a holder of Series A-1 Preferred or warrants is entitled to participate in such distribution to the same extent as if the holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred or exercise of the warrants (without regard to any limitations on conversion). Gross proceeds to the Company were approximately $5,000,000 excluding transactions costs, fees and expenses. In accordance with the transaction agreements, the Company filed a registration statement with the SEC, which has been declared effective, to register the resale from time to time of shares of common stock underlying the Series A-1 Preferred and the warrants. The January 2016 warrants include call provisions that are generally similar to the 2014 warrants. The exercise price of the January 2016 warrants is $4.10 per share, and accordingly 250% of such exercise price is $10.25 per share. 

As of September 30, 2016, the investors have converted 1,183,432 shares of Series A-1 Preferred into an equal number of shares of common stock, with no shares of Series A-1 Preferred Shares remaining outstanding. 
  July 2016 Series A-2 Preferred Stock  
 On July 11, 2016, the Company completed a private placement transaction with a small number of accredited investors pursuant to which the Company issued 1,724,137 shares of Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series A-2 Preferred ) and warrants to purchase up to 1,724,137 shares of common stock or Series A-2 Preferred. The shares of Series A-2 Preferred and warrants were sold in units, with each unit consisting of one share and one warrant, at a purchase price of $2.90 per unit. The Series A-2 Preferred is convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion rate of 1-for-1 (subject to stock splits, reverse stock splits and similar events) at any time at the discretion of the investor. The exercise price of the warrants is $2.90 per share, and the warrants are exercisable at any time over the five year term of the warrants. If the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock equivalents pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the  Purchase Rights ), then a holder of Series A-2 Preferred or warrants will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the holder could have acquired if the holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon conversion of the Series A-2 Preferred or exercise of the warrants (without regard to any limitations on conversion). If the Company declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock, then a holder of Series A-2 Preferred or warrants is entitled to participate in such distribution to the same extent as if the holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the Series A-2 Preferred or exercise of the warrants (without regard to any limitations on conversion). Gross proceeds to the Company were approximately $5,000,000 excluding transactions costs, fees and expenses. In accordance with the transaction agreements, the Company filed a registration statement with the SEC, which has been declared effective, to register the resale from time to time of shares of common stock underlying the Series A-2 Preferred and the warrants. The July 2016 warrants include call provisions that are generally similar to the 2014 warrants. The exercise price of the July 2016 warrants is $2.90 per share, and accordingly 250% of such exercise price is $7.25 per share.  
 On the date of the issuance, the fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A-2 preferred stock was greater than the proceeds received for the Series A-2 convertible preferred stock. As such, the Company accounted for the beneficial conversion feature under ASC 470-20,  Debt with Conversion and Other Options . The Company identified a deemed dividend charge of approximately $1,374,000 for the recognition of a discount on the Series A-2 convertible preferred stock, resulting from an allocation of the proceeds received between the warrants and the beneficial conversion feature embedded within the Series A-2 preferred stock, which equals the amount by which the estimated fair value of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the issued Series A-2 convertible preferred stock exceeded the proceeds from such issuance. The deemed dividend on preferred stock was a non-cash transaction and reflected below the net loss in the Consolidated Statement of Operations to arrive at net loss applicable to common stock.      
  Note 7: Debt  
  Ben Franklin Note  
 Biosyn, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, issued a note payable to Ben Franklin Technology Center of Southeastern Pennsylvania ( Ben Franklin Note ) in October 1992, in connection with funding the development of Savvy, a compound then under development to prevent the transmission of HIV/AIDS.  
 The Ben Franklin Note was recorded at its estimated fair value of $205,000 and was assumed by the Company as an obligation in connection with its acquisition of Biosyn in 2004. The repayment terms of the non-interest bearing obligation include the remittance of an annual fixed percentage of 3.0% applied to future revenues of Biosyn, if any, until the principal balance of $777,902 (face amount) is satisfied. Under the terms of the obligation, revenues are defined to exclude the value of unrestricted research and development funding received by Biosyn from nonprofit sources. Absent a material breach of contract or other event of default, there is no obligation to repay the amounts in the absence of future Biosyn revenues. The Company accreted the discount of $572,902 against earnings using the interest rate method (approximately 46%) over the discount period of five years, which was estimated in connection with the Ben Franklin Note s valuation at the time of the acquisition. 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States emphasize market-based measurement through the use of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable or market-based inputs. The Ben Franklin Note s peculiar repayment terms outlined above affects its comparability with main stream market issues and also affects its transferability. The value of the Ben Franklin Note would also be impacted by the ability to estimate Biosyn s expected future revenues which in turn hinge largely upon future efforts to commercialize the product candidate, the results of which efforts are not known by the Company. Given the above factors and therefore the lack of market comparability, the Ben Franklin Note would be valued based on Level 3 inputs (see Note 8). As such, management has determined that the Ben Franklin Note will have no future cash flows, as we do not believe the product will create a revenue stream in the future. As a result, the Note had no fair market value at the time of the merger in April 2009 between the Company (which was then named Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) and the corporation then-named Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation. 
  Secured Convertible Promissory Notes   
 On   June 26, 2013, the Company completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction (the  Transaction ) with a small number of accredited institutional investors. Pursuant to a Subscription Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) and other transaction documents, we issued Secured Convertible Promissory Notes ( Secured Notes ) and common stock purchase warrants ( Warrants ) to purchase up to 764,960 shares of common stock ( Warrant Shares ), and received gross cash proceeds of $5,300,000, of which $286,349 was used to pay for transaction costs, fees and expenses. The Secured Notes had an aggregate principal amount of $6,502,158. The Secured Notes are no longer outstanding. The exercise price of the Warrants was subject to anti-dilution provisions providing that, with the exception of certain excluded categories of issuances and transactions, if we issue any shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, or if common stock equivalents are repriced, at an effective price per share less than the exercise price, without the consent of a majority in interest of the investors, the exercise price would be adjusted downward to equal the per share price of the securities issued or deemed issued in such transaction.  
 The Warrants were exercisable for a period of five years from the date of issuance. The exercise price of the Warrants was initially $12.155 per share (and was subsequently reduced to $3.40 per share), which was 110% of the closing price of the common stock on the day before the closing. The Warrants provided for proportional adjustment of the number and kind of securities purchasable upon exercise of the Warrants and the per share exercise price upon the occurrence of certain specified events, and included price anti-dilution provisions which provided for an adjustment to the per share exercise price of the Warrants and, in certain instances, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, if the Company issued common stock or common stock equivalents at effective per share prices lower than the exercise price of the Warrants. The Warrants included call provisions and, as described in great detail in the paragraph below, subject to a call notice given by the Company in May 2016, after expiration of the applicable call period all unexercised Warrants were cancelled in June 2016.  

On May 31, 2016, the Company gave a Call Notice to all outstanding warrant holders to exercise the warrants. A Call Notice may be given only within 10 trading days after any 20-consecutive trading day period during which the volume weighted average price ( VWAP ) of the Company s common stock is not less than 250% of the exercise price for the Warrants in effect for 10 out of such 20-consecutive trading day period. A holder must exercise the Warrant and purchase the called Warrant Shares within 14 trading days after the Call Date, or the Warrant will be cancelled with respect to the unexercised portion of the Warrant that was subject to the Call Notice. After the expiration of the applicable period, in June 2016 the holders of unexercised warrants were informed that the unexercised warrants subject to the Call Notice were canceled. 
 The Warrants with the embedded call option at issuance were valued using the Binomial Option Pricing Model ( BOPM ). The estimated fair value of a single Warrant, including the call option, was $2.329 per share and the estimated value of the Warrant anti-dilution reset feature was $1.2002 per share. As a result, the Company recorded liabilities for the warrant and warrant down-round protection derivative totaling $2,398,280. The warrant and warrant derivative liabilities at September 30, 2016 were zero with the cancellation of the June 2013 warrants, see Note 8. 
  Working Capital Line of Credit  
 On March 28, 2016, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (sometimes referred to as the  Adamis New Working Capital Line ) with Bear State Bank, N.A. (the  Lender  or the  Bank ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate of $2,000,000 to provide working capital to USC, subject to the terms and conditions of the loan agreement. Interest on amounts borrowed under the Adamis New Working Capital Line accrues at a rate equal to the prime interest rate, as defined in the agreement. Interest payments are required to be made quarterly. The entire outstanding principal balance, and all accrued and unpaid interest and all other sums payable pursuant to the loan documents, are due and payable on March 1, 2017, or sooner upon the occurrence of certain events as provided in the loan agreement and related documents. The Company's obligations under the loan agreement are secured by certain collateral, including without limitation its interest in amounts that it has loaned to USC, and a warrant that the Company issued to the Bank to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to par value per share, exercisable only if the Company is in default under the loan agreement or related loan documents. 
 On November 14, 2016, the Adamis
New Working Capital Line with the Bank was amended to include a Certificate of Deposit of the Company for $1.0 million as
additional collateral to the working capital line of credit, and to make certain other amendments to the loan documents
relating to the Adamis New Working Capital Line, including to the provisions governing the warrant issued to the Bank to provide that if before full repayment
of the Company s obligations under the Adamis New Working Capital Line the value of the sum of (i) the amount of funds in
the certificate of deposit plus (ii) the product of (A) the number of unexercised shares under the warrant multiplied by (B) the
value of the Company s common stock, falls below the product of (Y) 1.5 multiplied by (Z) the outstanding principal balance
of the note evidencing the Adamis New Working Capital Line, then following delivery of a notice from the Bank to the Company, the
Company agrees to either amend the warrant or provide an additional warrant to the Bank to provide the Bank with rights to acquire
additional shares of common stock, or reduce the principal balance of the note, to bring the Company in compliance with the foregoing
provisions. The  $1.0 million in Certificate of Deposit with the Bank, included as
collateral, was recorded as Restricted Cash. 
 As of September 30, 2016, the loan balance on the Adamis New Working Capital Line of credit was $2,000,000 and interest expense related to the loan was approximately $29,000. 
  Loans Assumed from Acquisition of USC:   
  Building Loan    
              In connection with the closing of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, 4 HIMS, LLC, an entity of which Eddie Glover, the chief executive officer of USC, and certain other former stockholders of USC are members, agreed to sell to the Company, the building and property owned by 4 HIMS on which USC's offices are located, in consideration of the Company being added as an additional  borrower  and assuming the obligations under the loan agreement, promissory note and related loan documents that 4 HIMS and certain other parties previously entered into with the Lender (the  4 HIMS Loan Documents ). 
              On
November 14, 2016, a Loan Amendment and Assumption Agreement was entered with into the Bank. Pursuant to the agreement, the
Company agreed to pay the Bank monthly payments of principal and interest of  $15,411, with a final monthly payment and
any other amounts due under the 4 HIMS Loan Documents due and payable in August 2019.     
               As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding principal balance owed on the applicable note was approximately $2,454,000. The loan currently bears an interest of 3.75% per year and the Company paid all accrued interest of approximately $60,000 on September 30,2016. 

USC Working Capital Loan  
 In connection with the Merger, Adamis agreed to be added as a Borrower and to assume the obligations as a Borrower under the USC Working Capital Loan Agreement and related promissory note and other related loan documents (the  USC Working Capital Loan Documents ). Under the USC Working Capital Loan Agreement, Lender agreed to loan funds to USC, as the  Borrower,  up to an aggregate principal amount of $2,500,000, and evidenced by the USC Working Capital Note. Borrowings are limited to 80% of qualified trade accounts receivables and 50% of qualified inventories per the borrowing base agreement and are collateralized with trade accounts receivables and inventory. 
 On November 14, 2016, the Company
and Lender agreed to amend the USC Working Capital Loan Documents to provide that the personal property securing the
Loan will also secure the Borrower's obligations under the other Existing Loan Documents with the Lender. In addition, a
new financial covenant replaced the previous financial covenants, providing that USC will, at all times during the term of
the loan, maintain a  Cash Flow Coverage Ratio  of not less than 1.2:1.  Cash Flow Coverage
Ratio  is defined as: (i) net income plus non-cash expense items including, but not limited to, depreciation expense,
amortization expense and option expense for the month in which the measurement date occurs times 12; divided by (ii) the cash
required for payments of interest for the prospective twelve (12) month period and current maturities of principal on all
outstanding debt to any person or entity, including without limitation to debt by the Company to the Lender. The Cash Flow
Coverage Ratio will be measured on the last day of each December, March, June and September, commencing on December 31, 2016.
 Under the amendment, in lieu of compliance with the foregoing covenant, Borrower has the option, at the time of each
quarterly measuring period, of making a principal reduction in the amount of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($250,000).  
 In addition, pursuant to the
amendment, Borrower and Lender agreed that certain other financial covenants set forth in the loan agreement included in the
4 HIMS Loan Documents, the loan agreement included in the Tribute Loan Documents, and the loan agreement included in the USC
Equipment Loan Agreement, as well as the original USC Working Capital Loan Agreement described above, are waived for the
remainder of the term of the respective loans, and certain individual guarantors, including without limitation Eddie W. Glover, the chief executive officer
of USC, were released from their individual guarantor obligations under certain of the loan documents. The amended loan will mature on September 30, 2017.  
            
 As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding unpaid principal balance was approximately $2,116,000. The note currently accrues interest at 3.25% per year, and the Company paid all accrued interest of approximately $60,000 on September 30, 2016.  
  Equipment Loans, Consolidated  
              Equipment Loan, Tribute . In connection with the Merger, Tribute Labs, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company and former related party of USC ( Tribute  or  Borrower ) assigned to Adamis all of its rights under the loan agreement, promissory note and related loan documents that Tribute and certain other parties previously entered into with the Lender (the  Tribute Loan Documents ). Adamis agreed to become an additional co-borrower and to assume Borrower s obligations under the Tribute Loan Documents, in consideration of the transfer to USC of laboratory equipment owned by Tribute and used to perform testing services for USC s products, and Lender consented to such assignment. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding unpaid principal balance under the applicable note was approximately $518,000. The loan currently bears an interest of 4.75% per year, and the Company paid all accrued interest of approximately $26,000 on September 30, 2016. 
              USC Equipment Loan.  In connection with the Merger, Adamis agreed to become a Borrower and to assume the obligations as a Borrower under the USC Equipment Loan Agreement and the related USC Equipment Loan Documents. Under the USC Equipment Loan Agreement, Lender agreed to loan funds to USC, as the  Borrower,  up to an aggregate principal amount of $700,000, with amounts loaned evidenced by the Commercial Line of Credit Agreement and Note (the  USC Equipment Note ). The loan is collateralized by USC's property and equipment. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding unpaid principal balance under the USC Equipment Note was approximately $635,000. The note currently accrues interest at 3.25% per year and, the Company paid interest of approximately $18,000 on September 30, 2016. 
              Consolidated
Equipment Loans . On November 14, 2016, the Company and the Lender agreed to the amendment and consolidation of the above
USC and Tribute equipment loans. The principal amount of the consolidated loans is $1,152,890 with an interest rate of 3.75%
per annum. The loan is payable in three years at an equal monthly amortization of $33,940 commencing on November 1, 2016, and
continuing on the first day of each succeeding month through October 1, 2019.  
   Loan Amendment, Forbearance and Assumption Agreement   
  In connection with our acquisition of USC in April 2016, Lender, Adamis, USC, 4 HIMS and Tribute (USC, 4 HIMS and Tribute sometimes referred to as the  Initial Loan Parties  and together with Adamis, collectively the  Loan Parties ), and certain individual guarantors, entered into a Loan Amendment, Forbearance and Assumption Agreement (the  Loan Amendment Agreement ).  
  Pursuant to the Loan Amendment Agreement, Adamis was added as a  Borrower  and co-borrower under the existing loan agreements and related loan documents between USC (and certain other entities) and Lender (the  Existing Loan Documents ), and assumed all of the rights, duties, liabilities and obligations as a Borrower and a party under the Existing Loan Documents, jointly and severally with the current borrower or borrowers under each of the Existing Loan Documents.   
  In the Loan Amendment Agreement, the Initial Loan Parties acknowledged that the Existing Loans were in default with respect to certain nonmonetary covenants contained in the Existing Loan Documents. The Bank agreed that all obligations of the Bank to forbear from pursuing its available remedies to collect the obligations evidenced and secured by the Existing Loan Documents shall conditionally exist until October 31, 2016 (the  Forbearance Period ). During the Forbearance Period, and subject to the terms of the Loan Amendment Agreement and the compliance by the Loan Parties with their obligations under the Loan Amendment Agreement, the Bank agreed that it would not pursue available remedies existing as a result of the Loan Parties  failure to comply with the nonmonetary covenants of the Loan Parties as set forth in the Existing Loan Documents. Upon the expiration of the Forbearance Period, all monetary and nonmonetary obligations of the Loan Parties as set forth in the Existing Loan Documents will be fully reinstated or waived. As described above, in connection with the November 2016 amendments to the loan documents with the Bank, the nonmonetary covenants contained in the Existing Loan Documents were amended and modified.  

The Loan Parties agreed during the Forbearance Period to (i) continue to make all regularly scheduled payments of principal and interest due as set forth in the Existing Loan Documents, and (ii) except to the extent modified in the Loan Amendment Agreement, comply with all covenants of the Loan Parties set forth in the Existing Loan Documents. In the Loan Amendment Agreement, each Initial Loan Party reaffirmed its obligations under the Existing Loans and made certain other representations, warranties and agreements regarding the Existing Loans, and the Bank acknowledged that the applicable Borrower was current in its interest payments or other obligations under the applicable Loan Documents that are due and payable before the date of the Loan Amendment Agreement. The parties also agreed that the real and personal property securing each of the Existing Loans will also secure each of the other Existing Loans, as well as the Adamis New Working Capital Line of $2.0 million.  
  Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Amendment Agreement, the terms and provisions set forth in the Existing Loan Documents were not modified and remain in full force and effect. Subject to the satisfaction of all conditions precedent set forth in the Loan Amendment Agreement, the Bank consented to the transfer of the real and personal property by 4 HIMS and Tribute to Adamis and the foregoing acceptance and assumptions by Adamis. The Loan Amendment Agreement provide for a number of conditions precedent to Bank s obligations under the agreement, including without limitation: (i) satisfactory title insurance and other insurance regarding the 4 HIMS Property; (ii) satisfactory lien searches and UCC-1 financing statements; (iii) any other document and agreements required by the Bank; (iv) accuracy of the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Amendment Agreement; and (v) certain other customary conditions.      
  Future principal payments under the amended bank loans identified below are as follows:  

Note 8: Derivative Liabilities and Fair Value Measurements  
  Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 815 - Derivatives and Hedging, provides guidance to determine what types of instruments, or embedded features in an instrument, are considered derivatives. This guidance can affect the accounting for convertible instruments that contain provisions to protect holders from a decline in the stock price, referred to as anti-dilution or down-round protection. Down-round provisions reduce the exercise price of a convertible instrument if a company either issues equity shares for a price that is lower than the exercise price of those instruments, or issues new convertible instruments that have a lower exercise price. The Company has determined that the warrant liability and related down-round provision related to the Secured Notes should be treated as derivatives. The Company is required to report derivatives at fair value and record the fluctuations in fair value in current operations.  

The Company recognizes the derivative liabilities at their respective fair values at inception and on each reporting date. The Company values its financial assets and liabilities on a recurring basis and certain nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities on a nonrecurring basis based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In order to increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements, a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs is used to measure fair value into three broad levels, which are described below:        
 
  Level 1:      
  Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs.  

Level 2:  
  Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in inactive markets; or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated with observable market data.  

Level 3:  
  Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.  
 
   In determining fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value.    The Company recognizes derivative liabilities at their respective fair values at inception and on each reporting date. The Company utilized the BOPM to develop its assumptions for determining the fair value of the Warrants and related anti-dilution features.    The number of liability classified Warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were zero and 575,164, respectively. As shown in the table below, after the cancellation of the Warrants with call options the carrying value at September 30, 2016 was $0 and the carrying value of the down-round protection derivative for the same date was $0.     The table below provides a reconciliation of beginning and ending balances for the liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):      The derivative liabilities are considered Level 3 liabilities on the fair value hierarchy as the determination of fair values includes various assumptions about future activities and stock price and historical volatility inputs.    The following table describes the valuation techniques used to calculate fair values for assets in Level 3. There were no changes in the valuation techniques during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from December 31, 2015.         

Fair Value at   
     
   Fair Value at   
     
   Valuation   
     
   Unobservable   

9/30/2016   
     
   12/31/2015   
     
   Technique   
     
   Input   
     
   Range   

Warrant Derivative and Warrant Down-round  Protection Derivative (combined)  
  $  
      
      $  
   1,557,716  
          
  Binomial  Option Pricing  Model  
        
  Probability of common stock  issuance at prices less than exercise prices stated in agreements  
        
       & 50%  

Probability of reset provision  being waived  
     
        5%  
 
   Significant unobservable inputs for the derivative liabilities include (1) the estimated probability of the occurrence of a down-round financing during the term over which the related warrants are exercisable, (2) the estimated magnitude of the down-round and (3) the probability of the reset provision being waived. These estimates which are unobservable in the market were utilized to value the anti-dilution features of the warrants as of December 31, 2015.              

Note 9: License Agreement                          On May 9, 2016, the Company entered into a Development, License and Commercialization Agreement (the  Agreement ) with Allergan plc s wholly owned subsidiary, Watson Laboratories, Inc. ( Licensee ), regarding the Company s Epinephrine Pre-filled Syringe ( PFS ) product candidate for the emergency treatment of anaphylaxis. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company granted Licensee exclusive commercial rights to market and sell the PFS product in the United States and related territories. Licensee agreed to pay the Company an upfront payment and agreed to make additional potential regulatory, performance and sales based milestone payments. If the FDA does not approve the Company's New Drug Application ( NDA ) relating to the PFS product within the time period specified in the Agreement, Licensee has the right, but not the obligation, to terminate the Agreement, and if Licensee elects to terminate the Agreement then the upfront payment previously paid to the Company will be refunded.                  On July 21, 2016, the Company received a notice from Licensee exercising its right to terminate the Agreement; in the absence of termination of the Agreement before expiration of the time period specified in the Agreement, any milestone or other payments would not be refundable. No upfront fee or payment was made, and as a result the Company is not obligated to refund any amounts to Licensee as a result of the termination.                 Note 10: Common Stock     On August 3, 2016, the Company completed a registered direct offering of 3,573,255 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 3,573,255 shares of common stock under its existing shelf registration statements. The shares and warrants were sold in units, each unit consisting of (i) one share of common stock and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.98 per share, at a purchase price of $3.095 per unit. The warrants will expire five years from the date on which they become exercisable. Gross proceeds from the offering, after deducting placement agent fees, were approximately $10.2 million, excluding any future proceeds from the potential exercise of the warrants and before deducting other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.   On August 25, 2016, the Company issued 5,590 shares of common stock upon the vesting of restricted stock units ( RSU ) with a total value of approximately $63,670.       Note 11: Stock Option Plans, Shares Reserved and Warrants      The Company has a 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2009 Plan ). The 2009 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards, and other forms of equity compensation  (collectively  stock awards ). In addition, the 2009 Plan provides for the grant of performance cash awards. The initial aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued initially pursuant to stock awards under the 2009 Plan was 411,765 shares. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, from January 1, 2010 through and including January 1, 2019, by the lesser of (a) 5.0% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or (b) a lesser number of shares of common stock determined by the Company s board of directors before the start of a calendar year for which an increase applies. On May 25, 2016, upon the approval of the Company's stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders, the number of shares reserved for issuance increased by 4,500,000, aggregating to 8,566,800 at September 30, 2016, including shares that have previously been issued under the 2009 Plan and shares that are covered by outstanding options, restricted stock units, or other awards under the 2009 Plan.   On July 11, 2016, warrants previously issued to consultants to purchase 17,647 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.74 per share expired.      From July 18, 2016 to September 12, 2016, the Company granted options to purchase 40,000 shares of common stock to the new hires of the Company under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan with exercise prices ranging from $2.62 to $3.08 per share. These options will vest over a period of three years and were valued using a Black Scholes model; the expected volatility was approximately 60%, the term was six years, the dividend rate was 0.0% and the risk-free interest rate was approximately 1.4%. The calculated fair value of the options was $64,950.   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, previously granted and unvested options to purchase 152,500 shares of common stock were canceled following the holders  termination of employment.            The following table summarizes the stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:             

The aggregate intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) of the 4,403,519 and 2,112,800 stock options outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was approximately $38,000 and approximately $916,000, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of 1,910,880 and 1,173,443 stock options exercisable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was approximately $18,000 and $681,000, respectively.    The following table summarizes warrants outstanding at September 30, 2016:            *Exercisable upon default of Line of Credit at Bear State Bank, see Note 7.    At September 30, 2016, the Company has reserved shares of common stock for issuance upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants, convertible preferred stock units, and options and other awards that may be granted in the future under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as follows:                 Note 12: Subsequent Events              Amendments to Loan Agreements           As  described in Note 7, which is incorporated herein by reference, on November 14, 2016, the Bank, the Company and certain other parties entered into agreements and documents amending the Existing Loan Documents and the Adamis New Working Capital Line to, among other things, amend and eliminate certain of the financial covenants that were contained in the Existing Loan Documents, amend the maturity dates of certain of the Existing Loan Documents, consolidate the Tribute Loan Documents and the USC Equipment Loan Agreement and related loan documents, provide for monthly payments under the 4 HIMS Loan Documents, include a certificate of deposit of the Company as part of the collateral securing the Company s obligations under the Adamis New Working Capital Line, and make certain other amendments to the Existing Loan Documents and the Adamis New Working Capital Line.               

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
   Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements   
   This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes  forward-looking  statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. These forward-looking statements include statements about our strategies, objectives and our future achievement. To the extent statements in this Quarterly Report involve, without limitation, our expectations for growth, estimates of future revenue, our sources and uses of cash, our liquidity needs, our current or planned clinical trials or research and development activities, product development timelines, our future products, regulatory matters, expense, profits, cash flow balance sheet items or any other guidance on future periods, these statements are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of word or phrases such as  believe,   will,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend,   plan,  and  would.  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and concern matters that could subsequently differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this Report. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements are identified in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in the most recent Annual Report on Form 10- K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in the other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this report as well as in other risks identified from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases and other communications. In addition, the statements contained throughout this Quarterly Report concerning future events or developments or our future activities, including concerning, among other matters, current or planned clinical trials, anticipated research and development activities, anticipated dates for commencement of clinical trials, anticipated completion dates of clinical trials, anticipated meetings with the FDA or other regulatory authorities concerning our product candidates, anticipated dates for submissions to obtain required regulatory marketing approvals, anticipated dates for commercial introduction of products, and other statements concerning our future operations and activities, are forward-looking statements that in each instance assume that we are able to obtain sufficient funding in the near term and thereafter to support such activities and continue our operations and planned activities in a timely manner. There can be no assurance that this will be the case. Also, such statements assume that there are no significant unexpected developments or events that delay or prevent such activities from occurring. Failure to timely obtain sufficient funding, or unexpected developments or events, could delay the occurrence of such events or prevent the events described in any such statements from occurring.   
   Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms  we,   our,  and  the Company  refer to Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries.     
   General   
   Company Overview   
  We are an emerging pharmaceutical company focused on combining specialty pharmaceuticals and biotechnology to provide innovative medicines for patients and physicians. We are currently primarily focused on our specialty pharmaceutical products. We are currently developing several products in the allergy and respiratory markets, including our Epinephrine PFS product, for the emergency treatment of acute allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, and a dry powder inhaler technology. Our goal is to create low cost therapeutic alternatives to existing treatments. Consistent across all specialty pharmaceuticals product lines, we intend to submit Section 505(b)(2) New Drug Applications, or NDAs, or Section 505(j) Abbreviated New Drug Applications or ANDAs, to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, whenever possible, in order to potentially reduce the time to market and to save on costs, compared to those associated with Section 505(b)(1) NDAs for new drug products. We also have a number of biotechnology product candidates and technologies, including therapeutic vaccine and cancer product candidates and technologies intended to treat patients with unmet medical needs in the global cancer market. To achieve our goals and support our overall strategy, we will need to raise a substantial amount of funding and make significant investments in equipment, new product development and working capital.   
  Our USC subsidiary, which is registered as a drug compounding outsourcing facility under Section 503B of the U.S. Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act and the U.S. Drug Quality and Security Act, provides prescription compounded medications, including compounded sterile preparations, and nonsterile compounds to patients, physician clinics, hospitals, surgery centers and other clients throughout most of the United States. USC s product offerings broadly include, among others, corticosteroids, hormone replacement therapies, hospital outsourcing products, injectables, urological preparations, ophthalmic preparations, topical compounds for pain and men s and women s health products. USC s compounded formulations in many circumstances are offered as therapeutic alternatives to drugs approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA. USC prepares and provides a broad range of customized stock keeping units to meet the individual requirements of customers located throughout most of the United States. USC also provides certain veterinary pharmaceutical products for animals.  
   Segment Information   
  The Company is engaged primarily in the discovery, development and sales of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other drug products. Accordingly, the Company has determined that it operates in one operating segment.  

Recent Developments   
    Epinephrine Injection USP 1:1000 0.3mg Pre-filled Single Dose Syringe    
  On May 28, 2014, we submitted a Section 505(b)(2) NDA application to the FDA for approval for sale of our Epinephrine Injection USP 1:1000 0.3mg Pre-filled Single Dose Syringe, or the Epinephrine PFS product. The Epinephrine PFS product delivers a premeasured dose of epinephrine for the emergency treatment of acute allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis. We received a complete response letter ( CRL ) from the FDA on March 27, 2015. A CRL is issued by the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research when it has completed its review of a file and questions remain that preclude the approval of the NDA in its current form. We resubmitted the NDA on December 4, 2015.  
  On June 6, 2016, we issued a press release announcing that we received a second Complete Response Letter from the FDA regarding our NDA for the Epinephrine PFS product. The CRL indicated that the FDA determined that it could not approve the NDA in its present form. The agency indicated that in order to support approval of the product, the Company must expand its human factors study (patient usability) and reliability study (product stress testing), with new studies, with protocols to be reviewed by the FDA before commencement of the studies. The CRL indicated that the new human factors study would need to provide additional, adequate and satisfactory data and information concerning, among other things, use of the product in different use environments and by different kinds of users and user groups. The CRL included comments on certain other aspects of the product and the materials and data submitted as part of the NDA. The CRL indicated that the agency had reserved comment, if any, on the proposed labeling for the product until the application was otherwise adequate. The FDA indicated that the NDA will remain open until the issues identified in the CRL are resolved.  
  The
Company is continuing to review the CRL and actions that may be responsive to the items raised in the CRL. The Company has
been in communication with the FDA regarding the CRL and plans to prepare and submit a response to the FDA that will be
intended to address the items raised in the CRL. Under the FDA s procedures concerning target response times, the
Company believes that the FDA should respond to the Company s additional submission within six months after the
Company s responsive submission, though that target deadline may be extended if FDA requests additional data,
information, materials or clarification or for other reasons, such as difficulties scheduling an advisory committee
meeting, FDA workload issues, or other reasons. The Company remains committed to attempting to obtain FDA approval of
the NDA for the Epinephrine PFS product and commercializing the product, and remains hopeful that the issues and
questions raised by the FDA in the CRL will be satisfactorily addressed and the product ultimately approved for
marketing. However, the Company cannot provide any assurances concerning if or when the NDA will be approved and whether the Epinephrine PFS product will ultimately be commercialized. In
addition, the Company will be required to devote additional cash resources, which could be significant, in order to
respond to the issues raised by the FDA in the CRL and any follow-up requests and to design and manufacture the
Epinephrine PFS product in a manner that is satisfactory to the FDA.  
    APC-1000    
  The Company is continuing development of the APC-1000 product candidate, a steroid hydrofluoroalkane, or HFA, metered dose inhaler product for asthma. Following discussions with the FDA and additional consideration of the development pathway for the product, the Company has decided to conduct additional development work for APC-1000. As a result, the Company intends, depending on the outcome of several factors including results of the additional development work and obtaining additional funding that will be required to commence a trial, to submit an IND for APC-1000 during the first half of 2017, although there can be no assurances concerning the timing of any such filing or the commencement of a clinical trial relating to APC-1000 after submission of such an IND.   
    Termination of License Agreements Relating to Vaccine and Cancer Technologies    
          As has been disclosed in the Company s previous filings, the Company has previously entered into a number of license agreements pursuant to which the Company has acquired license rights regarding patent rights relating to a number of potential therapeutic vaccine and cancer product candidate technologies.  In April 2010, the Company acquired rights as licensee under three exclusive license agreements (the  WARF Agreements ) with the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation ( WARF ) regarding certain prostate cancer technologies and product candidates, named APC-100, APC-200 and APC-300.  In April 2011, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement (the  UC/DF Agreement ) with The Regents of the University of California ( UCSD ) and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Inc. ( DFCI ), pursuant to which the Company licensed certain patent rights relating to a telomerase-based cancer vaccine technology.   
              The Company has also disclosed in its previous filings that it is currently primarily focused on its specialty pharmaceutical products and compounding pharmacy operations and does not intend to devote material financial resources for research and development of its licensed cancer and biotechnology product candidates and technologies.  
   
          On November 10, 2016, the Company delivered a notice of termination to UCSD and DFCI
of the UC/DF Agreement.  Under the terms of the agreement, the notice of termination is effective 90 days
after delivery.  Also on November 10, 2016, the Company delivered a notice of termination to WARF of the WARF
Agreements, which such termination to be effective 90 days after delivery of the notice.  These agreements permit either
party to terminate the agreements upon prior notice to the other party, without termination fees or penalties.  As a
result of termination of these agreements, the Company will not be responsible after the effective date of termination for
minimum annual payments under the agreements or for payment of patent-related fees and costs relating to the licensed patents
and technologies.  As part of the winding up and termination process, the Company is responsible for certain expenses
and costs incurred through the effective date of termination, and certain provisions of the agreements survive
the termination or expiration of the agreements.   
    Going Concern and Management Plan     
  Our independent registered public accounting firm has included a  going concern  explanatory paragraph in its report on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine-month transition period ended December 31, 2014 indicating that we have sustained substantial losses from continuing operations and have used, rather than provided, cash in its continuing operations, and incurred recurring losses from operations and have limited working capital to pursue our business alternatives, and that these factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of approximately $8,811,000, including the $1.0 million in restricted cash, an accumulated deficit of approximately $87.8 million, and liabilities of approximately $12.0 million. Even with the proceeds from our July 2016 private placement financing transaction and our registered direct offering of shares of common stock and warrants, we will need significant funding to continue operations, satisfy our obligations and fund the future expenditures that will be required to conduct the clinical and regulatory work to develop our product candidates and to support our other activities. Such additional funding may not be available, may not be available on reasonable terms, and could result in significant additional dilution to our stockholders. If we do not obtain required additional equity or debt funding, our cash resources will be depleted and we could be required to materially reduce or suspend operations, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock price and our relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships, at least until additional funding is obtained.   
  The above conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities during the normal course of business. In preparing these condensed consolidated financial statements, consideration was given to our future business as described elsewhere herein, which may preclude us from realizing the value of certain assets. Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of our assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Without additional funds from debt or equity financing, sales of assets, sales or out-licenses of intellectual property or technologies, or from a business combination or a similar transaction, after expenditure of our existing cash resources we would exhaust our resources and would be unable to continue operations.   
  Our management intends to attempt to secure additional required funding through equity or debt financings, sales or out-licensing of intellectual property assets, seeking partnerships with other pharmaceutical companies or third parties to co-develop and fund research and development efforts, or similar transactions. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any required additional funding. If we are unsuccessful in securing funding from any of these sources, we will defer, reduce or eliminate certain planned expenditures and delay development or commercialization of some or all of our products. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that could result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us.      

Results of Operations  
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
  Revenues  
 Revenues were approximately $4,004,000 and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The revenues for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, consist of and reflect our acquisition of USC effective April 11, 2016, but do not include revenues of USC before the closing date of the acquisition. Revenues for the nine-month period were adversely affected by the suspension of USC s sterile compounded formulations, product recall and remediation efforts in the third and fourth quarters of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016.  USC resumed production and sales of compounded sterile formulations in March and April 2016.    The suspension of production and sales of compounded sterile formulations adversely affected USC s relationships with certain of its customers and with certain of USC s independent contractors and sales representatives, and is expected to continue to adversely affect sales of compounded sterile formulations.   
  Cost of Sales  
 Cost of sales were approximately $3,167,000 and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We did not incur any cost of sales for the nine-month period of 2015, as we did not have any revenues for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, and our acquisition of USC was completed in April 2016. The cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was affected by an obsolescence expense of approximately $182,000 as a result of a surplus in production of sterile products in mid-March to April 2016, when USC resumed the production of sterile products, in anticipation of a larger number of customer orders following the resumption of sterile production than actually occurred before the products became obsolete. Moreover, some chemicals in inventory intended for sterile products had expired before the chemicals could be used. Our cost of sales includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, shipping and handling costs, the write-off of obsolete inventory and other related expenses.  
  Research and Development Expenses  
 Our research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services to be used in future research and development activities are recorded as an asset and are expensed when the research and development activities are performed. Research and development costs were approximately $8,325,000 and $3,807,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to the additional expense in product development, consisting mostly of expenditures related to product testing and product validation of approximately $4,422,000 relating to our Epinephrine PFS, APC-2000, APC-5000, and APC 100 product candidates and an initial trial relating to a veterinary product candidate, and an increase in regulatory fees.  These amounts were somewhat offset by a reduction in development costs for our APC 3000, APC 1000 and TeloB-VAX product candidates of approximately $548,000.  Compensation expense, which includes salaries, stock options, employee benefits and bonus accrual, increased by approximately $605,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the comparable period of the prior year, primarily as a result of salary increases and additional options granted.    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of depreciation and amortization, legal fees, accounting and audit fees, professional/consulting fees and employee compensation. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $12,535,000 and $7,180,000, respectively.  The increase was primarily due to expenses of approximately $5,403,000 relating to our USC subsidiary which we acquired in April 2016, including acquisition related expenses.  Expenses related to the commercialization activities of our Epinephrine PFS product candidate decreased by approximately $686,000 for the first nine months of the year compared to the comparable period of 2015.  Compensation expense for General and Administrative employees increased by approximately $537,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the comparable period of the prior year, primarily due to salary increases, additional stock options granted and monthly accrual of bonus. Other increases in expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included increases of approximately $100,000 for insurance, board of directors  fees and an increase in legal, accounting recruitment, SEC reporting fees, travel and other expenses.   
  Other Income (Expense)  
 Other income for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $1,256,000 and approximately $1,053,000, respectively. Other Income (Expense) consists primarily of a change in fair value of warrants, change in fair value of derivative liabilities, and interest expense. The net change in fair value of warrants and derivatives resulted in an income of approximately $1,397,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to income of approximately $1,053,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The fluctuation in the valuation of the warrants and warrant derivatives was primarily due to the changes in stock price, term and volatility. Debt related expense (Interest Expense) for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $143,000 and $0, respectively. The increase in debt related expenses for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, in comparison to the same period for fiscal 2015 was due to the working capital loan of $2.0 million and other bank liabilities assumed in relation to the acquisition of USC in April 2016. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
  Revenues  
 Revenues were approximately $2,076,000 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The revenues for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, consist of and reflect our acquisition of USC effective April 11, 2016, and only include revenues of USC for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. Revenues for the three-month period were adversely affected by the suspension of USC s sterile compounded formulations, product recall and remediation efforts in the third and fourth quarters of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016.  USC resumed production and sales of compounded sterile formulations in March and April 2016.    The suspension of production and sales of compounded sterile formulations adversely affected USC s relationships with certain of its customers and with certain of USC s independent contractors and sales representatives, and is expected to continue to adversely affect sales of compounded sterile formulations.   
  Cost of Sales  
 Cost of sales were approximately $1,821,000 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We did not incur any cost of sales for the three-month period of 2015, as we did not have any revenues for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, and our acquisition of USC was completed in April 2016. The cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was affected by an obsolescence expense of approximately $153,000 as a result of a surplus in production of sterile products in mid-March to April 2016, when USC resumed the production of sterile products, in anticipation of a larger number of customer orders following the resumption of sterile production than actually occurred before the products became obsolete. Moreover, some chemicals in inventory intended for sterile products had expired before the chemicals could be used. Our cost of sales includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, shipping and handling costs, the write-off of obsolete inventory and other related expenses.  
  Research and Development Expenses  
 Our research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services to be used in future research and development activities are recorded as an asset and are expensed when the research and development activities are performed. Research and development costs were approximately $1,494,000 and $1,183,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to the additional expense in product development, consisting mostly of expenditures related to product testing and product validation of approximately $230,000. Compensation expense, which includes salaries, stock options, employee benefits and bonus accrual, increased by approximately $63,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the comparable period of the prior year because of salary increases, additional stock options granted and monthly accrual of bonus.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of depreciation and amortization, legal fees, accounting and audit fees, professional/consulting fees and employee compensation. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $5,335,000 and $2,125,000, respectively.  The increase was primarily due to expenses related with our USC subsidiary that we acquired during the second quarter of 2016, of approximately $3,057,000. Expenses related to the anticipated commercialization of the Epinephrine PFS product candidate decreased approximately $84,000 compared to the comparable period of the prior year.  Compensation expense for General and Administrative employees increased by approximately $93,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the comparable period of the prior year, primarily due to salary increases, additional stock options granted and monthly accrual of bonus.  Other increases in expenditures for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the comparable quarter in 2015 included USC acquisition related and other expenses of approximately $106,000 and increase of approximately $113,000 in relation to legal, accounting, recruitment, SEC reporting fees, board of directors  fees, and patent expenses, which were somewhat offset by a reduction of approximately $75,000 in consulting and other expenses. 
  Other Income (Expense)  
  Other income (expense) for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately ($69,000) and approximately $159,000, respectively. Other Income (Expense) consists primarily of a change in fair value of warrants and change in fair value of derivative liabilities.  The net change in fair value of warrants and derivatives resulted in an income of  $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to an income of approximately $159,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $70,000 and $0.  The increase in debt related expenses for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, in comparison to the same period for fiscal 2015 was due to the working capital loan of $2.0 million and other bank liabilities assumed in relation to the acquisition of USC in April 2016.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 We have incurred net losses of approximately $18.8 million and $9.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Since inception, and through September 30, 2016, we have an accumulated deficit of approximately $87.8 million. Since inception and through September 30, 2016 we have financed our operations principally through debt financing, through private issuances of common stock and preferred stock, and through underwritten public offerings of common stock. Since inception, we have raised a total of approximately $95 million in debt and equity financing transactions, consisting of approximately $17.8 million in debt financing and approximately $77.2 million in equity financing transactions. We expect to finance future cash needs primarily through proceeds from equity or debt financings, loans, sales of assets, out-licensing transactions, and/or collaborative agreements with corporate partners. We have used the net proceeds from debt and equity financings for general corporate purposes, which have included funding for research and development, selling, general and administrative expenses, working capital, reducing indebtedness, pursuing and completing licenses, acquisitions or investments in other businesses, products or technologies, and for capital expenditures. 
 Total assets were approximately $36.7 million and $12.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. All liabilities are classified as current. Current assets exceeded current liabilities by approximately $1.9 million at September 30, 2016.  Current assets exceeded current liabilities by approximately $1.4 million as of December 31, 2015. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was approximately $17.9 million and $8.1 million, respectively. Net cash used in operating activities increased due to additional research and development costs, and increases in selling, general & administrative expenses. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was approximately $365,000 and $0 for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The net cash provided by investing activities increased due to the cash received from the acquisition of USC. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately $21.2 million and $10.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash flows provided by financing activities increased primarily due to the issuance of common stock, preferred stock and proceeds of a bank loan in 2016 that generated net proceeds of approximately $22 million, and an offset of approximately $1.0 million of restricted cash for the certificate of deposit held as collateral by the bank. 
 As noted above under the heading  Going Concern and Management Plan,  through September 30, 2016, Adamis had incurred substantial losses. The availability of any required additional funding cannot be assured. If we do not obtain additional equity or debt funding in the near future, our cash resources will be depleted and we will be required to materially reduce or suspend operations. Even if we are successful in obtaining additional funding to permit us to continue operations at the levels that we desire, substantial time will pass before we obtain regulatory marketing approval for any products and begin to realize revenues from product sales, and during this period Adamis will require additional funds. No assurance can be given as to the timing or ultimate success of obtaining future funding. As noted under the heading Recent Developments, the Company will be required to devote additional cash resources, which could be significant, in order to respond to the issues and questions raised by the FDA in the CRL regarding our Epinephrine PFS product and to continue development of our other product candidates including APC-1000 and APC-5000, and to support our other operations and activities.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 The Company s critical accounting policies and estimates previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 have not significantly changed except for the following policies that have been adopted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Revenue Recognition  
 The Company recognizes revenues when all of the following criteria have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues from our USC subsidiary consist of sales of compounded drugs for humans and animals, including sterile injectable and non-sterile integrative therapies. Sales discounts and rebates are sometimes offered to customers if specified criteria are met. Additionally, sales are generally made with a limited right of return under certain conditions. Revenues are recorded net of provisions for sales discounts and returns, which are established at the time of sale.   
  Cost of Sales  
 Our cost of sales includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, royalties, shipping and handling costs, the write-off of obsolete inventory and other related expenses. 

A   ccounts Receivable   Accounts receivable are reported at the amount management expects to collect on outstanding balances. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and credit to allowance for doubtful accounts. Uncollectible amounts are based on USC's history of past write-offs and collections and current credit conditions.    Inventories   Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. The cost of inventories are determined using the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method. Inventories consist of compounding formulation raw materials, currently marketed products, and device supplies. A reserve for obsolescence is recorded monthly based on a percentage of raw materials and finished goods inventory.   Acquisitions and Intangibles   The Company has engaged in business combination activity. The accounting for business combinations requires management to make judgments and estimates of the fair value of assets acquired, including the identification and valuation of intangible assets, as well as liabilities assumed. Such judgments and estimates directly impact the amount of goodwill recognized in connection with each acquisition, as goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of its net tangible and identifiable intangible assets.   Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets    Goodwill, which has an indefinite useful life, represents the excess of purchase consideration over fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events occur indicating the potential for impairment. During its goodwill impairment review, the Company may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The qualitative factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, and the overall financial performance of the Company. If, after assessing the totality of these qualitative factors, the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then no additional assessment is deemed necessary. Otherwise, the Company proceeds to perform the two-step test for goodwill impairment. The first step involves comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to determine the amount of loss, which involves comparing the implied fair value of the goodwill to the carrying value of the goodwill. The Company may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment in a period and elect to proceed to perform the first step of the goodwill impairment test.  The Company evaluates its long-lived assets with definite lives, such as property and equipment, acquired technology, customer relationships, patent and license rights, for impairment by considering competition by products prescribed for the same indication, the likelihood and estimated future entry of non-generic and generic competition with the same or similar indication and other related factors. The factors that drive the estimate of the life are often uncertain and are reviewed on a periodic basis or when events occur that warrant review. Recoverability is measured by comparison of the assets' book value to future net undiscounted cash flows that the assets are expected to generate.   Claims Liabilities   USC is self-insured up to certain limits for health insurance. Provisions are made for both the estimated liabilities for known claims as incurred and estimates for those incurred but not reported. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was self-insured for up to the first $40,000 of claims per covered person with an aggregate deductible of $766,497.     Deferred Income Taxes   Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the tax basis of such assets and liabilities. The Company maintains a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty regarding the future realization of such assets, which is based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. Until such time as the Company can demonstrate that it will no longer incur losses, or if the Company is unable to generate sufficient future taxable income, it could be required to maintain the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets.          

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   ASU No. 2016-15 is intended to provide guidance to eight specific cash flow issues.  The amendments have been issued as an improvement to GAAP because they provide guidance for each of the eight issues, thereby reducing the current and potential future diversity in practice described above.  The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim fiscal periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.   We do not expect adoption of ASU No. 2016-15 to have a significant impact on our financial statements.    Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   At September 30, 2016, Adamis did not have any off balance sheet arrangements.        ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure of Market Risk      Not required.                ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures       Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance and not absolute assurance of achieving their objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.    As required by the SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.      Changes in Internal Controls     Except as described in this paragraph, there has been no change during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. In connection with our acquisition of U.S. Compounding, Inc. ( USC ) in April 2016, we began implementing the Company s standards and procedures at USC, including controls over accounting systems, financial reporting, and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We are continuing to integrate the acquired operations of USC into our overall internal control over financial reporting process.           

PART II OTHER INFORMATION          ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings      Information regarding certain legal proceedings to which the Company is or may become a party can be found in the description of legal proceedings contained in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the nine-month period ended December 31, 2015, and is incorporated herein by reference.  There have not been any material developments with respect to any such proceedings during the quarter to which this Report on Form 10-Q relates.               Item 1A. Risk Factors      As a smaller reporting company, Adamis is not required under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, to provide information under this Item. Risks and uncertainties relating to the amount of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016, and uncertainties concerning the need for additional funding, are discussed above under the headings,  Going Concern and Management Plan  and  Liquidity and Capital Resources  in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section of this Form 10-Q, and are incorporated herein by this reference. Other material risks and uncertainties associated with Adamis  business have been previously disclosed in our most recent transition report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, included under the heading  Risk Factors,  and in our Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 28, 2016, including under the heading  Risk Factors,  and those disclosures are incorporated herein by reference.                ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, except as described below we did not issue securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ).     On July 11, 2016, the Company completed a private placement transaction with a small number of sophisticated investors pursuant to which the Company issued 1,724,137 shares of Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series A-2 Preferred ) and warrants to purchase up to 1,724,137 shares of common stock or Series A-2 Preferred. The shares of Series A-2 Preferred and warrants were sold in units, with each unit consisting of one share and one warrant, at a purchase price of $2.90 per unit. The Series A-2 Preferred is convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion rate of 1-for-1 (subject to stock splits, reverse stock splits and similar events) at any time at the discretion of the investor. The exercise price of the warrants is $2.90 per share, and the warrants are exercisable at any time over the five year term of the warrants. If the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock equivalents pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the  Purchase Rights ), then a holder of Series A-2 Preferred or warrants will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the holder could have acquired if the holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon conversion of the Series A-2 Preferred or exercise of the warrants (without regard to any limitations on conversion).    Gross proceeds to the Company were approximately $5,000,000 excluding transactions costs, fees and expenses. The securities were issued in a private placement transaction to a limited number of shareholders in reliance on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.  Each person or entity to whom securities were issued represented that the securities were being acquired for investment purposes, for the person s or entity s own account, not as nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and that the investor was an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act.  In accordance with the transaction agreements, the Company filed a registration statement with the SEC, which has been declared effective, to register the resale from time to time of shares of common stock underlying the Series A-2 Preferred and the warrants.             ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities      None.               ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures      Removed and Reserved.                ITEM 5. Other Information      See the discussion in Note 7 to the financial statements above, under the heading,  Working Capital Line of Credit  and  Loans Assumed From Acquisition of USC,  concerning the amendments to the Adamis New Working Capital Line and the USC Existing Loan Documents that the Company and certain other parties entered into with Bear State Bank, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference.    See the discussion under the heading,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   General   Termination of License Agreements Relating to Vaccine and Cancer Technologies,  which discussion is incorporated herein by reference, concerning notices of termination of certain license agreements that the Company delivered to the licensors under such agreements, relating to patent rights and related intellectual property previously licensed to the Company concerning certain vaccine and cancer technologies .           

ITEM 6. Exhibits      The following exhibits are attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference.                      

SIGNATURES      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.        

ADAMIS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
  By:  
  /s/ Dennis J. Carlo  

Dennis J. Carlo  

Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016  
  By:  
  /s/ Robert O. Hopkins  

Robert O. Hopkins  

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 10-Q  
  Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Dennis J. Carlo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and (15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting disclosure to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 10-Q  
  Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Robert O. Hopkins, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and (15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting disclosure to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 November 14, 2016 
   
 By: 
 /s/ Robert O. Hopkins 

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation 10-Q  
   
  Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT  
 The undersigned, Dennis J. Carlo, the Chief Executive Officer of Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (the  Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DENNIS J. CARLO 

Dennis J. Carlo 

Chief Executive Officer  

Dated: November 14, 2016 
 This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Adamis Pharmaceuticals, Corporation 10-Q  
  Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT  
 The undersigned, Robert O. Hopkins, as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Adamis Pharmaceuticals, Corporation (the  Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ ROBERT O. HOPKINS 

Robert O. Hopkins 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

Dated: November 14, 2016 
 This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 admp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 admp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 admp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 admp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 admp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 admp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

