<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1512228_0001615774-16-008189_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2514934</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63264</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>162485</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>574373</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1083284</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>573217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008189.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114075132
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008189
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001512228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55710
		FILM NUMBER:		161990611

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7000 S. YOSEMITE STREET
		STREET 2:		STE. 115
		CITY:			CENTENNIAL
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-639-4647

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7000 S. YOSEMITE STREET
		STREET 2:		STE. 115
		CITY:			CENTENNIAL
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUANTUM RARE EARTH DEVELOPMENTS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008189.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 s104556_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

  OR  

For the transition period from    to       

Commission
file number: 000-55710   

NioCorp
Developments Ltd.   

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter) 

British Columbia, Canada   
       
       98-1262185    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or   
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification    
 
      organization)  
       
      No.)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (604) 638-3246 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
      No   x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes
      No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer          
      Accelerated Filer       
 
      Non-Accelerated Filer       x  
      Small Reporting Company        
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes     
No   x  

As of November 11, 2016, the registrant
had 184,626,976 Common Shares outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    
 
        PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      1   
 
      ITEM 2.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      12   
 
      ITEM 3.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      19   
 
      ITEM 4.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      19   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      20   
 
      ITEM 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
      20   
 
      ITEM 2.  
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
      20   
 
      ITEM 3.  
       DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
      20   
 
      ITEM 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      21   
 
      ITEM 5.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      21   
 
      ITEM 6.  
       EXHIBITS   
      21   

SIGNATURES    
      22   

PART I  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Contents  

Page    

Condensed consolidated balance sheets    
       2    

Condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss    
       3    

Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows    
       4    

Condensed consolidated statements of equity    
       5    

Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements    
       6 - 11    

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

   Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets    

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share data)
(unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

   Condensed Consolidated
Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss      

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per
share data) (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

   Condensed Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows      

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars) (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

   Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders  Equity   

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share data)
(unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

September 30, 2016   

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, unless otherwise stated)
(unaudited) 

1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   

NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the  Company )
was incorporated on February 27, 1987 under the laws of the Province of British Columbia and currently operates in one reportable
operating segment consisting of exploration and development of mineral deposits in North America, specifically, the Elk Creek Niobium/Scandium/Titanium
property (the  Elk Creek Project ) located in Southeastern Nebraska. 

These financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis that contemplates the realization of assets and discharge of liabilities at their carrying values in the
normal course of business for the foreseeable future. These financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that may be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company currently earns no operating
revenues and will require additional capital in order to advance the Elk Creek Project. The Company s ability to continue
as a going concern is uncertain and is dependent upon the generation of profits from mineral properties, obtaining additional financing
and maintaining continued support from its shareholders and creditors. 

2.  BASIS OF PREPARATION   

a)  Basis of Preparation and Consolidation 

The accompanying unaudited interim
condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
of the United States of America ( US GAAP ) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). The interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the consolidated accounts of the Company and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries with all significant intercompany transactions eliminated. The accounting policies followed in preparing
these consolidated interim financial statements are those used by the Company as set out in the audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended June 30, 2016. 

In the opinion of management,
all adjustments considered necessary (including reclassifications and normal recurring adjustments) to present fairly the financial
position, results of operations and cash flows at September 30, 2016 and for all periods presented, have been included in these
interim condensed consolidated financial statements. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the consolidated
financial statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such SEC rules and regulations.
These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended June 30, 2016. The interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year ending
June 30, 2017, or future operating periods. 

b)  Recent Accounting Standards   

In February 2016, the FASB issued
Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2016-02, Leases. The standard requires that a lessee recognize on the balance sheet
assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. The recognition, measurement, and presentation of
expenses and cash flows arising from a lease have not significantly changed from the previous GAAP. The standard is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within such fiscal year, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results
of operations and liquidity. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements of FASB
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 605, Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance. ASU 2014-09
requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU
provides alternative methods of retrospective adoption and is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption would be permitted but not before annual periods beginning after December 15,
2016. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of adopting this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. 

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

September 30, 2016   

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, unless otherwise stated)
(unaudited) 

In August 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern. The new standard requires management of public and private
companies to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern and, if
so, disclose that fact. Management will also be required to evaluate and disclose whether its plans alleviate that doubt. The new
standard is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016. Adoption of the new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the financial statement presentation
of the Company. 

c)  Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related
to the deferred income tax asset valuations and share-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current
facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ
materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between estimates and
the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. 

3.  GOING CONCERN ISSUES   

The Company incurred a loss of $2,775
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (2015 - $2,807), and has an accumulated deficit of $62,997 as of September 30, 2016.
In addition, the Company has a working capital deficiency of $445 as of September 30, 2016. These factors indicate the existence
of a material uncertainty that raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s ability to continue
operations and fund its expenditures is dependent on Management s ability to secure additional financing. Management is actively
pursuing such additional sources of financing, and while it has been successful in doing so in the past, there can be no assurance
it will be able to do so in the future. These consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments required
to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those
reflected in the accompanying financial statements. 

4.  RESTRICTED CASH   

Restricted cash represents amounts held in escrow to secure
payment of feasibility study work. On October 5, 2016, $235 of these funds were released back to the Company. Under the terms of
the escrow agreement, the balance of $265 will be drawn against outstanding accounts payable once certain project milestones are
met. 

5.  CONVERTIBLE DEBT   

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

September 30, 2016   

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, unless otherwise stated)
(unaudited) 

Convertible Notes  

 Changes in the Notes balance are comprised
of the following: 

The changes in the derivative liability
related to the conversion feature are as follows: 

Lind Partners Convertible Security
Funding  

 Changes in the Convertible Security balance
are comprised of the following: 

The Convertible Security contains financial
and non-financial covenants customary for a facility of this size and nature, and includes a financial covenant defining an event
of default as all present and future liabilities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, exclusive of related party loans, for
an amount or amounts exceeding $2,000, and which have not been satisfied on time or within 90 days of invoice, or have become prematurely
payable as a result of its default or breach. The Company was in compliance as of September 30, 2016. 

6.  COMMON STOCK   

a)  Stock Options   

The Company has a rolling stock
option plan (the  Plan ) whereby the Company may grant stock options to executive officers and directors, employees,
and consultants at an exercise price to be determined by the board of directors, provided the exercise price is not lower than
the market value on the date of grant. The Plan provides for the issuance of up to 10% of the Company s issued common shares
as at the date of grant with each stock option having a maximum term of five years. The board of directors has the exclusive power
over the granting of options and their vesting provisions. 

Stock option transactions are
summarized as follows: 

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

September 30, 2016   

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, unless otherwise stated)
(unaudited) 

The following table summarizes
the information and assumptions used to determine option costs for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016: 

Fair value per option granted during the period (C$)    
     $  0.50     
 
     Risk-free interest rate    
        0.75  %  
 
     Expected dividend yield    
        0  %  
 
     Expected stock price volatility (historical basis)    
        97.2  %  
 
     Expected option life in years    
        2.15     

The following table summarizes
information about stock options outstanding at September 30, 2016: 

The aggregate intrinsic value
in the preceding table represents the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s closing stock price of C$0.81 as of September
30, 2016, which would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options as of that date.
The total number of in-the-money options vested and exercisable as of September 30, 2016 was 8,177,500. 

As of September 30, 2016, there
was $380 of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Plan. The
cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.25 years. 

b)  Warrants 

Warrant transactions are summarized
as follows: 

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

September 30, 2016   

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, unless otherwise stated)
(unaudited) 

At September 30, 2016, the Company has
outstanding exercisable warrants, as follows: 

7.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES 

Related party loan represents the amount
outstanding on a loan with Mark Smith, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of NioCorp. The loan is due June 17, 2017,
bears an interest rate of 10%, is secured by the Company s assets pursuant to a concurrently executed general security agreement,
and is subject to both a 2.5% establishment fee and 2.5% prepayment fee. As of September 30, 2016, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities included interest payable to Mr. Smith of $80. 

8.   Exploration Expenditures  

9.    Fair Value Measurements    

The Company measures the fair value of
financial assets and liabilities based on US GAAP guidance which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair
value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 

The Company classifies financial assets
and liabilities as held-for-trading, available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, loans and receivables or other financial liabilities
depending on their nature. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized at fair value on their initial recognition. 

Financial assets and liabilities classified
as held-for-trading are measured at fair value, with gains and losses recognized in net income. Financial assets classified as
held-to-maturity, loans and receivables, and financial liabilities other than those classified as held-for-trading are measured
at amortized cost, using the effective interest method of amortization. Financial assets classified as available-for-sale are measured
at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses being recognized in income. 

Financial instruments including receivables,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and related party loans are carried at amortized cost, which management believes approximates
fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

NioCorp Developments Ltd.  

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

September 30, 2016   

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, unless otherwise stated)
(unaudited) 

The following table presents information
about the assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016,
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general,
fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical instruments. Fair values
determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices, interest rates, and yield curves. Fair
values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the financial instrument, and included situations where there
is little, if any, market activity for the instrument: 

The Company measures the fair market value
of the Level 3 components using the Black-Scholes model and discounted cash flows, as appropriate. These models are prepared by
a third party and take into account management's best estimate of the conversion price of the stock, an estimate of the expected
time to conversion, an estimate of the stock's volatility, and the risk-free rate of return expected for an instrument with a term
equal to the duration of the convertible debt. 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation
of changes in the fair value of the Company's convertible debt components classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy: 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction our unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and the related notes thereto, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ). This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements
and forward-looking information that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements and information as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to,
those set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. See section heading  Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
below.  

All currency amounts are stated in thousands
of U.S. dollars unless noted otherwise.  

As used in this report, unless the context otherwise indicates,
references to  we,   our,  the  Company,   NioCorp  and  us  refer
to NioCorp Developments Ltd. and its subsidiaries collectively.  

Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q and the exhibits attached hereto contain  forward-looking statements  within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the United States Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and  forward-looking
information  within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation, collectively  forward-looking statements .
Such forward-looking statements concern our anticipated results and developments in the operations of the Company in future periods,
planned exploration activities, the adequacy of the Company s financial resources and other events or conditions that may
occur in the future. Forward-looking statements are frequently, but not always, identified by words such as  expects, 
 anticipates,   believes,   intends,   estimates,   potential,   possible 
and similar expressions, or statements that events, conditions or results  will,   may,   could 
or  should  (or the negative and grammatical variations of any of these terms) occur or be achieved. Any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions,
or future events or performance (often, but not always, using words or phrases such as  expects  or  does not
expect ,  is expected ,  anticipates  or  does not anticipate ,  plans ,
 estimates  or  intends , or stating that certain actions, events or results  may ,  could ,
 would ,  might  or  will  be taken, occur or be achieved) are not statements of historical
fact and may be forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements reflect the Company s current views with respect
to future events and are subject to certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Many factors could cause actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements that may be
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including, among others, risks related to: 

risks
related to our ability to operate as a going concern;  

risks
related to our requirement of significant additional capital;  

risks
related to our limited operating history;  

risks
related to our history of losses;  

risks
related to cost increases for our exploration and, if warranted, development projects;  

risks
related to our properties being in the exploration stage;  

risks
related to mineral exploration and production activities;  

risks
related to our lack of mineral production from our properties;  

12   

risks
related to estimates of mineral resources;  

risks
related to changes in mineral resource estimates;  

risks
related to differences in United States and Canadian reserve and resource reporting;  

risks
related to our exploration activities being unsuccessful;  

risks
related to our ability to obtain permits and licenses for production;  

risks
related to government and environmental regulations that may increase our costs of doing business or restrict our operations;  

risks
related to proposed legislation that may significantly affect the mining industry;  

risks
related to land reclamation requirements;  

risks
related to competition in the mining industry;  

risks
related to equipment and supply shortages;  

risks
related to current and future joint ventures and partnerships;  

risks
related to our ability to attract qualified management;  

risks
related to the ability to enforce judgment against certain of our Directors;  

risks
related to currency fluctuations;  

risks
related to claims on the title to our properties;  

risks
related to surface access on our properties;  

risks
related to potential future litigation;  

risks
related to our lack of insurance covering all our operations;  

risks
related to our status as a  passive foreign investment company  under US federal tax code;  

risks
related to the Common Shares, including price volatility, lack of dividend payments, dilution and penny stock rules; and  

risks
related to our debt.  

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein.
This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of the Company s forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements are statements about the future and are inherently uncertain, and actual achievements of the Company or other future
events or conditions may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including without limitation those discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  of our Registration
Statement on Form S-1, as filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016, as amended September 22, 2016, which are incorporated herein
by reference, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this report and the Company s other reports filed with the
SEC. 

The Company s forward-looking statements
contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based on the beliefs, expectations and opinions of management as of the date
of this report. The Company does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements if circumstances or management s
beliefs, expectations or opinions should change, except as required by law. For the reasons set forth above, investors should not
attribute undue certainty to or place undue reliance on forward-looking statement 

Company Overview  

NioCorp is developing the Elk Creek Project,
located in southeast Nebraska. The Elk Creek Project is an advanced Niobium/Scandium/Titanium exploration project. Niobium is used
to produce HSLA steel, which is a lighter, stronger steel used in automotive, structural, and pipeline applications. Scandium can
be combined with Aluminum to make an alloy with increased strength and improved corrosion resistance. Scandium also is a critical
component of advanced solid oxide fuel cells. Titanium is a key component of pigments used in paper, paint, and plastics, and is
also used for aerospace applications, armor, and medical implants. 

Our primary business strategy is to advance
our Elk Creek Project to commercial production. We are focused on obtaining additional funds to carry out our near-term planned
work programs and complete a feasibility study for the Elk Creek Project followed by project construction, commissioning and operations.
Subject to delivering a positive feasibility study for the Elk Creek Project, we intend to secure the project financing necessary
to complete the development and construction of the Elk Creek Project. 

Emerging Growth Company Status  

We qualify as an  emerging growth
company  as defined in Section 101 of the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act ( JOBS Act ) as we do not have
more than $1.0 billion in annual gross revenue and did not have such amount as of June 30, 2016, being the last day of our fiscal
year. 

We may lose our status as an emerging growth
company on the last day of our fiscal year during which (i) our annual gross revenue exceeds $1.0 billion or (ii) we issue more
than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period. We will lose our status as an emerging growth company if at any
time we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer. We will lose our status as an emerging growth company on the last day of our
fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective
registration statement. 

As an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act, we have elected to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised standards pursuant to
Section 107(b) of the Act. The election is irrevocable. 

As an emerging growth company, we are exempt
from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such sections
are provided below: 

Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires a public company s auditor to attest to, and report on, management's assessment of its internal controls.   

Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities and Exchange Act, implemented by Section 951 of the Dodd-Frank Act, require companies to hold shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute compensation.   

As long as we qualify as an emerging growth
company, we will not be required to comply with the requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section
14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Recent Corporate Events  

On July 1, 2016, we appointed Neal Shah
as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Shah had served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer since April of 2015. Prior to that,
he was our Vice President of Finance. 

On July 13, 2016, we announced that the
first sample of scandium material had been produced from our Elk Creek, Nebraska resource. The sample was produced during the on-going
bench testing and optimization program of the company s scandium recovery operations at SGS in Lakefield, Ontario. The scandium
precipitate was produced through a process that is a precursor to the commercial process that will make higher-purity commercial
grade scandium trioxide. 

On September 8, 2016, we announced the
successful completion of a Jurisdictional Determination (JD) process with the US Army Core of Engineers (ACOE) for the Elk Creek
Project. The JD issued by the ACOE identifies wetlands and streams within the Elk Creek Project s footprint that are considered
Waters of the US (WOTUS) and are therefore regulated under the federal Clean Water Act. The Elk Creek Project, as laid out in the
Company s October 15 Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA), was designed to minimize impacts on WOTUS wetlands and streams.
The JD reinforced our belief that there are no WOTUS wetlands and streams in the immediate footprint of the Elk Creek Project s
mine infrastructure and surface production facilities. 

On September 9, 2016, we announced that
the former Lt. Governor of Nebraska, Lavon Heidemann, had joined the NioCorp team as a Business Development Consultant. Mr. Heidemann,
who farms near the site of NioCorp s Elk Creek Project, will assist NioCorp on a consulting basis in various aspects of moving
the Elk Creek Superalloy Materials Project to commercial operation. Mr. Heidemann s primary focus will be on developing business
opportunities and the support infrastructure in the Southeast Nebraska area for NioCorp s proposed project. 

Financial and Operating Results  

The Company continues to expense all expenditures
when incurred, with the exception of equipment, which is capitalized.  The Company has no revenues from mining operations.  Operating
expenses incurred related primarily to performing exploration activities, as well as the activities necessary to support corporate
and shareholder duties, and are detailed in the following table. 

Overall, the increase in operating
expenses is primarily related to professional fees incurred in connection with the Company s initial registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company expects that professional fees through the remainder of the fiscal year
will continue to be higher than historical periods as the Company transitions to being a reporting issuer with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Other significant items affecting
operating expenses are noted below: 

Employee related costs  increased
primarily due to increased share-based compensation costs reflecting the timing and amount of stock option grants, as well as the
impact of additional headquarters personnel costs to support increased financing efforts and general operational activities. 

Exploration expenditures
 increased slightly, reflecting the timing of expenditures at the Elk Creek Project. 2016 expenditures primarily related to
project engineering and metallurgical bench and pilot plant testwork in support of our feasibility study, while 2015 costs were
directed towards engineering costs in support of the Preliminary Economic Assessment studies that were completed that year. The
Company expects exploration spending levels to remain in line with first quarter spending through the completion of the feasibility
study. The following table provides additional details on exploration expense by period: 

Other operating expenses 
include investor relations, general office expenditures, stock and proxy expenditures and other miscellaneous costs. The decline
in expenditures was related to financing-related costs incurred in 2015. 

Other
significant items impacting the change in the Company s net loss are noted below :  

Change in financial instrument
fair value  represents non-cash changes in the market value of the Convertible Security, which is carried at Fair value, as
well as changes in the market value of the derivative liability component of the Notes. 

Foreign exchange (gain) loss 
is primarily due to changes in the United States dollar ( USD ) against the Canadian dollar ( CAD ), and
reflects the timing of foreign currency transactions and subsequent changes in exchange rates. The impacts in both periods primarily
relates to the USD-denominated Convertible Security, which is recorded on the Canadian parent company books. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have no revenue generating operations
from which we can internally generate funds. To date, our ongoing operations have been financed by the sale of our equity securities
by way of private placements and the exercise of incentive stock options and share purchase warrants. We believe that we will be
able to secure additional private placements financings in the future, although we cannot predict the size or pricing of any such
financings. In addition, we can raise funds through the sale of interests in our mineral properties, although current market conditions
have substantially reduced the number of potential buyers/acquirers of any such interest(s). This situation is unlikely to change
until such time as we can develop a bankable feasibility study. When acquiring an interest in mineral properties through purchase
or option we will sometimes issue Common Shares to the vendor or optionee of the property as partial or full consideration for
the property interest in order to conserve our cash. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
cash of $1.7 million and a working capital deficiency of $0.4 million, compared to cash of $4.4 million and working capital of
$2.3 million on June 30, 2016. This change in working capital is the result of our continued work towards completion of a feasibility
study for the Elk Creek Project, primarily related to project engineering and metallurgical development. 

We expect that the Company will operate
at a loss for the foreseeable future. The Company s current planned operational needs are $6.7 million until June 30, 2017.
Burn rate averages to approximately $745 per month where approximately $275 is for administrative purposes and approximately $470
is for planned exploration expenditures related to the completion of the feasibility study, permitting efforts, and third party
consultants until June 30, 2017. We currently have sufficient cash on hand to meet these planned expenditures for approximately
the next two to three months (December 2016 - January 2017). The Company s ability to continue operations and fund our current
work plan is dependent on management s ability to secure additional financing on or prior to December 2016. The Company anticipates
that it will need to raise of minimum of $3.2 to $6.2 million to continue planned operations for the next twelve months. Management
is actively pursuing such additional sources of debt and equity financing, and while it has been successful in doing so in the
past, there can be no assurance it will be able to do so in the future. 

Exploration expenditure commitments (for
example, lease payments) are $125 until June 30, 2017 and planned exploration and development activities are approximately $3.8
million until June 30, 2017. To maintain its currently held properties and fund its currently anticipated general and administrative
costs and planned exploration and development activities at the Elk Creek Project for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2017, the
Company will require additional financing during 2016-2017. Should such financing not be available in that time-frame, we will
be required to reduce our activities and will not be able to carry out all of our presently planned exploration and development
activities at the Elk Creek Project on its currently anticipated scheduling. 

We currently have no further funding commitments
or arrangements for additional financing at this time (other than the potential exercise of options and warrants) and there is
no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all. There is significant uncertainty
that we will be able to secure any additional financing in the current equity markets. The quantity of funds to be raised and the
terms of any proposed equity financing that may be undertaken will be negotiated by management as opportunities to raise funds
arise. Specific plans related to the use of proceeds will be devised once financing has been completed and management knows what
funds will be available for these purposes. Management intends to pursue funding sources of both debt and equity financing, including
but not limited to the issuance of equity securities in the form of common shares, warrants, subscription receipts or any combination
thereof in units of the Company pursuant to private placements to accredited investors or pursuant to equity lines of credit or
public offerings in the form of underwritten offerings, at-the-market offerings, registered direct offerings or other forms of
equity financing and public or private issuances of debt securities including secured and unsecured convertible debt instruments
or secured debt project financing. Management does not currently know the terms pursuant to which such financings may be completed
in the future, but any such financings will be negotiated at arms-length. Future financings involving the issuance of equity securities
or derivatives thereof will likely be completed at a discount to the then current market price of the Company s securities
and will likely be dilutive to current shareholders. 

The audit opinion and notes that accompany
our financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2016, disclose a  going concern  qualification to our ability
to continue in business. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as
a going concern. We are an exploration stage company and we have incurred losses since our inception. We do not have sufficient
cash to fund normal operations and meet debt obligations for the next 12 months without deferring payment on certain current liabilities
and raising additional funds. We believe that the going concern condition cannot be removed with confidence until the Company has
entered into a business climate where funding of its planned ongoing operating activities is secured. 

We have no exposure to any asset-backed
commercial paper. Other than cash held by its subsidiaries for their immediate operating needs in Colorado and Nebraska, all of
our cash reserves are on deposit with major United States and Canadian chartered banks. We do not believe that the credit, liquidity
or market risks with respect thereto have increased as a result of the current market conditions. However, in order to achieve
greater security for the preservation of its capital, we have, of necessity, been required to accept lower rates of interest, which
has also lowered our potential interest income. 

Operating Activities  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company's operating activities consumed $2.2 million of cash (2015: $2.1 million). The cash used in operating activities
for 2016 reflects the Company's funding of losses of $2.7 million offset by minor non-cash adjustments and changes in non-cash
working capital items. Overall, operational outflows were consistent between the periods. Going forward, the Company s working
capital requirements are expected to increase substantially in connection the development of the Elk Creek Project. 

Cash Flow Considerations  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
cash of $1.7 million and working capital deficiency of $0.4 million, compared to cash of $4.4 million and working capital of $2.3
million on June 30, 2016. This change in working capital is the result of our continued work towards completion of a feasibility
study for the Elk Creek Project, primarily related to project engineering and metallurgical development. 

The Company has historically relied upon
equity financings to satisfy its capital requirements and will continue to depend heavily upon equity capital to finance its activities.
The Company may pursue debt financing in the medium term if it is able to procure such financing on terms more favorable than available
equity financing, however there can be no assurance the Company will be able to obtain any required financing in the future on
acceptable terms. 

The Company has limited financial resources
compared to its proposed expenditures, no source of operating income and no assurance that additional funding will be available
to it for current or future projects, although the Company has been successful in the past in financing its activities through
the sale of equity securities. 

The ability of the Company to arrange additional
financing in the future will depend, in part, on the prevailing capital market conditions and its success in developing the Elk
Creek Project. Any quoted market for the Company's shares may be subject to market trends generally, notwithstanding any potential
success of the Company in creating revenue, cash flows or earnings, and any depression of the trading price of the Company s
Common Shares could impact its ability to obtain equity financing on acceptable terms. 

Historically, the Company has used net
proceeds from issuances of Common Shares to provide sufficient funds to meet its near-term exploration and development plans and
other contractual obligations when due. However, further development and construction of the Elk Creek Project will require substantial
additional capital resources. This includes near-term funding and, ultimately, funding for project construction and other costs.
See   Financing   above for greater detail on the Company s recent equity financings and discussion of arrangements
related to possible future debt financing(s). 

Contractual Obligations  

There have been no material changes to
our contractual obligations  discussed in  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  under the heading  Tabular Disclosure of Contractual
Obligations   as of June 30, 2016 in our registration statement on Form S-1 (333-213451) filed on September 2, 2016,
as amended September 22, 2016. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

The Company has no off balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

There have been no material changes in
our critical accounting policies  discussed in  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  under the heading  Critical Accounting Policies  
as of June 30, 2016 in our registration statement on Form S-1 (333-213451) filed on September 2, 2016, as amended September 22,
2016. 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations  

The Company has been a  passive foreign
investment company  ( PFIC ) as defined under Section 1297 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
in recent years and expects to continue to be a PFIC in the future. Current and prospective United States shareholders should consult
their tax advisors as to the tax consequences of PFIC classification and the U.S. federal tax treatment of PFICs. Additional information
on this matter is included in the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (333-213451) filed on September 2, 2016, as
amended September 22, 2016, under the heading  Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

Interest rate risk  

The Company s exposure to changes
in market interest rates, relates primarily to the Company s earned interest income on cash deposits and short term investments.
The Company maintains a balance between the liquidity of cash assets and the interest rate return thereon. The carrying amount
of financial assets, net of any provisions for losses, represents the Company s maximum exposure to credit risk. 

Foreign currency exchange risk  

The company incurs expenditures in both
U.S. and Canadian dollars. Canadian dollar expenditures are primarily related to metallurgical-related exploration expenses, as
well as certain common share-related costs and professional services. As a result, currency exchange fluctuations may impact the
costs of our operating activities. To reduce this risk, we maintain sufficient cash balances in Canadian dollars to fund expected
near-term expenditures. 

Commodity price risk  

The Company is exposed to commodity price
risk related to the elements associated with the Elk Creek Project. A significant decrease in the global demand for these elements
may have a material adverse effect on our business. The Elk Creek project is not in production, and the Company does not currently
hold any commodity derivative positions. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

At the end of the period covered by this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision
of and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial
Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, the CEO and the CFO have concluded that
as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring
that: (i) information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management does not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. The effectiveness of our or any system of disclosure controls
and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the system will
be met and is subject to certain limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing and evaluating controls
and procedures and the assumptions used in identifying the likelihood of future events. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II  
OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We know of no material, active or pending
legal proceedings against the Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There
are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse
party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

There have been no changes to the risk factors set forth under
the heading  Risk Factors  in our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on September 22, 2016, which
are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

The table below sets forth sales of unregistered
equity securities in the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

A   Warrants with an exercise price
of C$0.65 with an expiration date of November 10, 2016 

B  
 Private Offering  above means that the common shares were offered and sold to private investors pursuant to exemptions
from the registration requirements under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ),
provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act for issuances inside the United States
and by Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act for issuances outside the United States, on the basis of representations
and warranties of the private investors provided to the Company at the time of exercise regarding certain factual matters. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON
SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank
Act, issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are
required to disclose specified information about mine health and safety in their periodic reports. These reporting requirements
are based on the safety and health requirements applicable to mines under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine
Act ) which is administered by the U.S. Department of Labor s Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ).
During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company and its subsidiaries and their properties or operations were
not subject to regulation by MSHA under the Mine Act and thus no disclosure is required under Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank
Act. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

#  
      Management compensation plan, arrangement or agreement.   
 
      (1)  
      Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s draft registration statement on Form S-1 submitted to the Commission on July 27, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.    
 
      (2)  
      Submitted Electronically Herewith. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Interim Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, (ii) the Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) the Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (v) the Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS
LTD.  

  (Registrant)  

By:  
      /s/ Mark A. Smith  

Mark A. Smith  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Neal Shah  

Neal Shah  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016  

I INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

#  
      Management compensation plan, arrangement or agreement.   
 
      (1)  
      Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s draft registration statement on Form S-1 submitted to the Commission on July 27, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.    
 
      (2)  
      Submitted Electronically Herewith. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Interim Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, (ii) the Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) the Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (v) the Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104556_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Mark Smith, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of NioCorp Developments Ltd.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Mark Smith   

Mark Smith  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104556_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Neal Shah, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of NioCorp Developments Ltd.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Neal Shah   

Neal Shah  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104556_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the  Company ), for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mark Smith, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Mark Smith   

Mark Smith  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104556_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the  Company ), for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Neal Shah, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Neal Shah   

Neal Shah  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 niobf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 niobf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 niobf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 niobf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 niobf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 niobf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

